
Donald Trump's meltdown continues, and as he has fallen behind vice President, Kamala Harris and all of the major credible polls, Donald Trump was holding onto this betting side called Poly Market. And it's not a poll, it's just the betting odds. And it's a more right wing leaning betting odds. 'cause all the other kind of bookkeepers had vice President Kamala Harris the head. But this is the one that Donald Trump posted and cared about over and over and over again. And then Donald Trump woke up and saw that vice President, Kamala Harris took the lead, even in that right wing betting site that Trump used to always post about.


So what does Donald Trump do? He takes those little tiny fingers of his and he takes his phone and he starts posting and posting and posting. What's he posting though? He's posting videos of President Joe Biden Trump is still posting videos of Joe Biden tripping on airplane stairs. Donald, you're not running against President Biden anymore. So your ageist post against President Biden, they, they don't really hit the same way they used to, or they don't even hit at all. Oh, so you gotta ratchet up the rhetoric 'cause you get more and more desperate. Hun Donald. So then Donald Po Donald Trump posts this about vice President Kamala Harris.


He calls her a terrorist. He says that she's a socialist Marxist terrorist. And that is a meme that he posts from a Q Anon account. But then of course, Donald Trump has to promote hashtag Trump golf in promoting the Trump golf DC golf course because got a grift, it's gotta make some money. And then as you're scrolling through these just weird posts of Donald Trump that he is posting, you know, it's things like this. It's he, it's videos of himself where he's like, I'm glad you asked. This is the post that he just did this morning after the meltdown accelerated.


And when you click on what this video is, it's Donald Trump talking about the crowd size thing and saying how his crowd sizes are bigger than MLKs. Like that's, and that his crowd sizes are bigger than Kamala Harris', both of which are false. But that's the video that he's posting here. I'll click on it. Let, let, let me show you the video that he's posting that he wants people to see. Play the clip. Never see the picture of the crowd. The biggest crowd I've ever spoken, I've spoken to the biggest crowds, nobody's spoken to, crowds bigger than me. If you look at Martin Luther King, when he did his speech, his great speech, and you look at ours, same real estate, same everything, same number of people.


If not, we had more. And they said he had a million people, but I had 25,000 people. But when you look at the exact same picture and everything's the the same because it was the fountains, the whole thing all the way back to from Lincoln to Washington. And you look at it and you look at the picture of his crowd, my proud, we actually had more people. They said I had 25,000 and he had a million people and I'm okay with it. 'cause I liked Dr. Martin Luther King. Yeah. He's also posting videos of people calling themselves weird and saying, I am weird too. And then he posts weird photos of himself. And then there are weird advertisements in between these posts by him.


So like when you're scrolling down, and I do this so you don't have to, and I go through Trump's social media and you look at it like, here's what they're selling. They're selling handmade whiskey glasses that are Trump assassination attempt whi whiskey glasses. That's one of the things they're selling with a bullet going through the glass. Okay, weird thing to be selling on your website. And then here's what they're also selling too. Ivermectin starting at $3 per capsule. Ivermectin tablets, all family pharma made in the USA.


Okay, you're still doing the Ivermectin thing. Could we compare that to just the Midas merch for a second? So I could just share that with you. As we say on the Midas Touch Network, we're bringing back real patriotism, joy, and freedom. And if you want to get in the way, in the words of Tim Walls, mind your own damn business, here's the Midas merch, the Mind Your own Damn Business Harris Wall shirt@store.midastouch.com. Anyway, Donald Trump then headed to Montana where he's speaking today. And Donald Trump did that same thing he does where he waves at nobody. That's like part of the thing that we've been exposing that he goes on the plane and he waves and there's nobody there.


So here he is waving to nobody getting on the plane in Montana. Play the clip. Just so you see, this is his pattern. This is, we caught him when he was leaving Trump Tower during the criminal trial after he was convicted, waving to nobody and acting like people were there to support him when no one's there. Here play the clip. See you Later. Here he is at a NASCAR event and he's waving towards the stadium. They're not waving back at him.


Just a sad sight. I mean it's not sad 'cause it's him, but just waving to nobody Here play the clip. He does it over and over again. Here's I, I'll, I'll stop showing you these after this one. But here he is, getting on the plane again, waving to nobody. Play the clip.


It's hot outside and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infuse fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle, Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands. And feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores, cause breakouts and acne sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift or a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try Miracle, T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-E, try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40%. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


And by the way, do you remember earlier this week, which at this point feels like could have been a year, a year ago with all of the news developments happening every day. Remember on Monday when the stock market was down on Monday? 'cause the stock market goes up and down. And as we always say here on the Midas Touch Network, the stock market is not an indicator, you know, of like, I think the most important things about the economy. I wanna focus on employment and wages and, and how are American workers feeling is the most important thing. But look, your 4 0 1 Ks are tied to the market, and over the past three and a half to four years under the Biden Harris administration, the stock market's been up about 50%.


It's basically 50% more than when Trump was in office. The market's doing well, but Donald Trump's trying to crash the market. So you remember on Monday when it had a down day on Monday, Trump and all of the right wingers, they just started posting over and over again. This is a crash panic. You need to pay all caps, stock market crash. This is the worst thing ever. I mean, like, why would you do that? That's not adult behavior. They're doing it because they wanted to try to create a crash and they wanted to create panic and make people fear. It also shows you right, that they don't have the influence that they think they do. 'cause clearly that was what they were trying to do. So it had a bad day on Monday, and then on Friday it's up big.


You know, it's up almost a thousand points on Friday. 912 points rebounded, you know, since Monday. The Dao, the s and p, the Nasdaq, you know, have, have, have rebounded. But just think about, to me, it's disqualifying in and of itself that Trump was trying to crash our market. So there's a reason why the organic coverage's not what corporate media does, because, you know, corporate media's, you know, I don't know, let's just say they've not met the moment, and I'm putting it nicely. You take a look at today's New York Times front cover, right after Donald Trump's cognitive meltdown, panic attack, the strangest press conference I've ever seen.


I think in the history of press conferences, the New York Times runs a headline about Donald Trump trying to like normalize it and act like it was like a normal thing. They go, Trump reinvents his platform in a bid to court voters. That's, that's what you took out of that press conference, that he's reinventing his platform to talk to voters, took out of it that he's like literally a crazy man. Like he's psychotic. And I'm not using those words in like, just, I'm, I'm capturing what the heck that even was. But here's a new report that the 17, 17% of the top performing TikTok posts last week mentioning Harris were negative while 82% were positive, 89% of the top performing TikTok posts, TikTok posts last week mentioning Trump were negative and 8% were positive.


The joyful Warrior is very popular because people want joy. Were done with the weirdo waving to nobody and Trump trying to crash our stock market and the the name calling and they're, they're trying to do the whole stolen Val Valor thing with governor, with Governor Walls who served with distinction for 24 years. I mean really I mean Donald Trump, Mr. Bone spurs you, you, you want, you want to put up. By the way, anyone who serves our country in the military, you know, you know, honorably, I think they deserve, you know, they deserve credit. I'll respect for the sacrifices they made.


Even as much as I despise shady Vans, you know, he, he was, he wrote press releases in an air conditioned office in Iraq. But you know, he still, he, he still deserves credit for that. But I wouldn't want to use a line of attack against him. Th that, that, but notice how MAGA does that right away at Governor Walls and stolen valor is one of the most serious things that you can accuse someone of, especially in the military. So for you to weaponize that and call Governor Wall here, we're, we're pulling up right here. This is Governor Wall's awards and distinction serving 24 years in his rank compared to Shady Vance.


So look at it for yourself right there. And people can, people could judge also as Vote Vets explains, why did Shady Vance vote against a defense bill that provided the largest pay raise for the troops in 22 years? Shady, why, why'd you vote against giving a pay raise to our troops? Those are the facts. Those are what matters. And you know, look, here's a Midwest voter. I could show you thousands of videos like this, but here's a Midwest voter saying, look, one of the things I like about Governor Wallace, he's a down to earth guy. He's nice, he's normal. Normalcy, normalcy, normalcy, normalcy, normalcy, normalcy, play the clip.


Very happy to hear it. I think he's a good guy. He's got everything going for him personally, I think it's the best choice you could Have made. Well, there you have it, folks. I'll keep you posted throughout the day, throughout the weekend. I just wanna, from the bottom of my heart, I want to thank you for supporting the growth of this network. We're almost at 3 million subscribers because of you. 3 million. I think we could hit it in the month of August. So just share this network with people, tell others about it. Let people know what, what we're building, including you, what we're building together here at the Midas Touch Network. Thank you so much and have a blessed day. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.