
This is the way it feels to move through summer in Lululemon. Iconic aligns softness without the front seam for our smoothest look and feel ever. Summer won't know what hit it. Stretcher limits in the nonstop flexibility of the new Lululemon. A line no line pant in select stores and@lululemon.com.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills in case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel. See progressives other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com. Today. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Pet injury is an additional coverage in subject to policy terms.


One, to sharpen your aim, Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx dot com.


Donald Trump just wrapped up a disastrous press conference in the Oval Office. I think it was supposed to be about fema, but Donald Trump ended up whining and saying that if anybody starts to protest at my big military parade this weekend, I'm gonna put so much force against you. What a baby here. Watch this Celebrating big on Saturday. We're gonna have a lot of, and if there's any protest that wants to come out, they will be met with very big force. By the way, for those people that wanna protest, they're gonna be met with very big force. And I haven't even heard about a protest, but you know, this is people that hate our country, but they will be met with very heavy force.


Thank you very much Everyone. Then Donald Trump lies and claims that he spoke to California Governor Gavin Newsom a day ago, which is just 100% false. And then Donald Trump said, you need to stop the death. There's not been a single person who has died as a result of the protests against Ices, raids against hardworking migrants here. But play this clip. When Is the last time you spoke with Governor Osom? Mm, A day ago. Called him up to tell him, gotta do a better job. He's doing a bad job, causing a lot of death and a lot of, a lot of potential death.


If we didn't send out the National Guard and last time, we gave 'em a little additional help, you would have, Los Angeles would be burning right now. Los Angeles would be not a lot different than what you saw take place in California and Los Angeles just a little while ago. And as Governor Newsom then wrote, there was no call, not even a voicemail. Americans should be alarmed that a president is deploying the Marines onto our streets and doesn't even know who he's talking to. Hat tip to California Governor Gavin Newsom for the rapid response. Then Donald Trump starts yelling at a reporter and saying that We won the war.


We won the war. And if it wasn't for us, you'd be speaking German or you'd be speaking German and Japanese combined. What here play this clip Only country that didn't celebrate the victory and we're the one that won the war. Okay, if it wasn't for us that war, you would be speaking German right now. Okay? We won the war. And you might be speaking Japanese too. I mean, you might be speaking a, a combination of both. Then you have Christie Nome there. 'cause this was supposed to be about FEMA urging Californians not to elect California. Governor Gavin Newsom. Again, watch this. And Governor Newsom has done a disservice to the state of California for many years.


The people there should never elect him into a leadership position ever again. He Clearly, the governor's a nice guy, but he's grossly incompetent, terrible guy. When it comes to his Railroading, I think they're scared of California Governor Gavin Newsom. Then you have Donald Trump. Again, this was supposed to be, I think this press conference was supposed to be about Christine Nome, the dog killer cosplay, Homeland Security secretary. Like assuring people that there would be resources for FEMA available in hurricane season. But Donald Trump says, we want to wean off fema. We shouldn't be dealing with it. It's the governor's we want off of fema. Watch what Donald Trump says. Let's play it. Thank you very much.


Great job, everybody. So we wanna wean off of fema and we wanna bring it down to the state level a little bit like education. We're moving it back to the states so the governors can handle, that's why they're governors now. If they can't handle it, they shouldn't be governor. But these governors can handle it and they'll work in conjunction with other governors. They'll give each other a hand. As my friend Dan Co, who was in the Biden administration and worked on disaster relief, says the federal government gave $76 billion to Louisiana for Katrina relief efforts, not to mention physical resources and personnel. The entire state budget for Louisiana that year was $18 billion.


There's a role for states, but there's a role for the federal government. Sta states need the federal government. States need FEMA specifically for emergency relief. Dan Coe also says, as someone who worked on disaster response in the last administration, I can say unequivocally, that eliminating feno, FEMA would be a debacle and cause lives. Then Donald Trump says, the FEMA thing has not been a very successful experiment. Let's play it. But the FEMA thing has not been a very successful experiment. Very, very expensive, and it doesn't get the job done. You saw what happened in North Carolina under the past administration, and when we got in, we did a great job for North Carolina, brought it back, but it was a disaster.


Fema, and it has not worked out well. It's extremely expensive. And again, when you have a tornado or a hurricane or you have a problem of any kind in a state, that's what you have governors for. They're supposed to fix those problems and it's much more local and they'll develop a system and I think it'd be a great, And then Christie Nome has to then assure people and says, but we're prepared for what's coming. Even though we're weaning off of fema, we're prepared for what's coming here. Play this clip. Great Job. Thanks Ru. Yeah, Mr. President. We are in hurricane season right now. It will last for the next several months and we are prepared for what is coming.


We are anticipating that we will have higher than usual activity during this hurricane season. We could have three to five major storms up to a dozen other hurricane level thresholds that we will meet throughout this season. And FEMA stands prepared and has been working with all of our regions. And of course, they're not prepared for what's coming. You've been seeing the reports that I've been doing where we show, I show you the denial letters. FEMA's been denying supplemental assistance to Georgia and North Carolina and Arkansas, or, or assistance in general to Arkansas. Where's, where has FEMA been in St. Louis with devastating tornadoes, Mississippi, Kentucky, Indiana.


I can go on and on. Donald Trump doesn't even acknowledge when these deadly storms have hit American states thus far and have killed dozens and dozens and dozens of people. Trump doesn't even acknowledge that it even takes place. He ignores the whole situation,


is listening to the craziness of the world making you just want to cuddle up on the couch with your cat. Me too. This podcast is sponsored by Smalls. If you're a listener of this show, you know that my cat cannot live without Smalls. To get 60% off your first order PLUS free shipping, head to Smalls dot com and use our promo code Midas. For a limited time only. Smalls cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients that you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com name Smalls their best overall cat food. My cat chubs eat Smalls every day, and his favorite flavor is the chicken and Turkey. My cat prefers Smalls way more than their previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test. I put two bowls side by side and they immediately went to Smalls. Since making the switch to Smalls, my cat has had fewer hairballs, more balanced energy, a healthier weight, a softer and shinier fur coat, and a less stinky litter box. Still not a believer in Smalls. Forbes ranked Smalls best overall cat food. While Buzzfeed said my cat went completely ballistic for this stuff, Smalls is possibly my favorite sponsor ever because my cat shrubs is frankly obsessed. I use Smalls as a topper to transition shrubs to Smalls, and the transition went perfectly. My cat's breath is so much better and their fur is much softer ever since I switched to Smalls. Smalls also has a bunch of amazing treats and snacks that you can add to your order. And my cats love all of them that came in the most recent box. What are you waiting for? Give your cat the food they deserve for a limited time. Only because you're a listener of the Midas Touch Podcast, you can get 60% off your first Smalls order plus free shipping by using my code Midas. That's 60% off when you head to Smalls dot com and use promo code Midas. Again, that's promo code Midas for 60% off your first order, PLUS free shipping at Smalls dot com.


So then Donald Trump goes and tells this weird lie story that he does. It's, it's just a total lie where he says that he goes to Austria and these other nations, and they say that their forest nations and that they have better forest management and that Donald Trump had to teach California about forest management here. Watch this Also when it comes to forest fires. So for years I've been meeting with heads of other countries, and they are forest countries. They call themselves Forest, Austria and others. And they say, we're a forest nation. We live in a forest, and they don't have forest fires. And in one case he said, you know, our trees are much more flammable than California, but we don't have forest fires because we clean the floor.


We sweep the floor of leaves, of dead debris of trees that fall. 'cause after 18 months, the tree is like real's, like tinder wood, and it goes up. It virtually explodes. Well, we don't take the trees out. California's a disaster. What they've done in California, they don't do anything. And if you did, you wouldn't, you almost would not have forest fires. And you could say you, in theory, you shouldn't have any forest fires. And we spend billions and billions of dollars a year because people don't clean the forest. And we're gonna clean the forest. We're gonna start cleaning them. And as our editor in Chief Ron Popowski correctly writes this story for years was always that he spoke to the president of Finland about it.


Then the people in Finland started mocking Donald Trump. So in 2023, he switched it to someone in Austria. He also said in 2019 that nobody in the US ever heard of forest management until he taught them about it. Donald Trump then says that there were areas of Los Angeles last night that you could call an insurrection, play this clip Not playing around. How will you determine whether or not there is an insurrection Also, Also? Well, you'll take a look at what's happening. I mean, I could tell you there were certain areas of that, of Los Angeles as that you could have called it an insurrection. Donald Trump then says that there's no timeline for how long the National Guard will remain in California whenever he wants.


He may keep them there forever. Play this clip, National Guard, be in California indefinitely. How long will they be there until you think, until There's no danger when the, it's easy. Look, it's common sense. You ask me that question, when there's no danger, they'll leave. You would've had a horrible situation had I not sent them in. Horrible. You'd be reporting on a lot of death and a lot of destruction. That's not gonna take place. I think if you look every night, it got less and less. They were met with very strong force. The bad people, the bad sick people that do what they do. But these are paid people in many cases. Not in all cases, but in many cases.


And they really are. They're agitators. I was wondering if you had any, Then Donald Trump learns that Mexico's very popular president, Claudia Scheinbaum has been very critical of how Donald Trump has been treating protesters. So then Christie Nome, who by the way, went to Mexico to suck up to Claudia Scheinbaum then has to criticize Claudia Scheinbaum. I condemn her. I condemn her. Here, watch this. They really are. They're agitators. I was wondering if you had any response to Mexican President Scheinbaum, who condemned the violence there. Have you been in touch with her at all? Said what I, I was wondering if you had any response to what Mexican president Claudine Shaba said in response.


What'd she say? She condemned the violence in la Oh, I do too. Yeah. Have you been in touch with her At all? What do you think? I don't condemn it. I condemned the violence in LA ladies and gentlemen, but I also stopped the violence in LA and by doing what I did, I stopped the violence in la and that would've been, I think maybe I'd ask Christie to speak to that. That would've been an unbelievable tragedy. We would be talking, I don't know that would even be here right now. It would've been so bad. I'd probably maybe be out there. I don't know. But Christie, could you speak to that? Absolutely. So in 2020, I was a governor of a neighboring state to Tim Walls and watched him let his city burn. And the president and I have talked about this in the past, and he was not gonna let that happen to another city and to another community where a bad governor made a bad decision.


So Claudia Scheinbaum came out and encouraged more protests in LA and I condemn her for that. She should not be encouraging violent protests that are going on if people are allowed to peacefully protest, but the violence that we're seeing is not acceptable and it's not gonna happen in America. Then Donald Trump says that residents of other American cities can expect ice raids like the ones in Los Angeles here play this clip in Reaction to these large scale ice operations in Los Angeles. Should people expect to see similar operations in the rest of the country? Yeah, and we'll, similar to protest, see, similar Response. Yeah. As you know, we're moving murders out of our country that were put here by Biden or the Auto Pen. The auto pen really did. I mean the people, whether it's Lisa Monaco or whoever operated the Autopen, these are criminals.


The people are criminals that allowed these criminals into our country. And I don't Think that, I also want to give a quick hat tip to the company called SnapStream. That's the technology behind the way we get those clips. Aon A CYN, who works for us helps get those clips. I also use some of the clips from Aaron Rupert. So hat tip to Aaron, he's great as well. And the folks at SnapStream, A totally disastrous press conference by Donald Trump. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. And if you want to speak to the folks at SnapStream, there's a link in the description below. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.