
This podcast is supported by FXs English teacher, a new comedy from executive producers of what we do in the shadows and baskets. English teacher follows Evan, a teacher in Austin, Texas who learns if it's really possible to be your full self at your job, while often finding himself at the intersection of the personal, professional and political aspects of working at a high school. FXs English teacher is now streaming On Hulu, all new Mondays on FX.


Know that fizzy feeling you get when you read something really good. Watch the movie everyone's been talking about or catch the show that the internet can't get over at the pop culture Happy Hour podcast. We chase that feeling four times a week. We'll serve you recommendations and commentary on the busiest movies, TV, music, and more from lowbrow to highbrow to the stuff in between. Catch the Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


Not only can we at the Midas Touch Network now confirm the identities of the Trump campaign staff members who were involved in the incident at Arlington Cemetery, where the Army Cemetery worker was attacked by the Trump campaign staffers as Donald. Trump was shooting a photo op at Arlington Cemetery for his campaign. We can now also independently confirm that at least one of these Trump campaign staff members was comparing himself to Tony Soprano's henchman. After engaging in this horrific incident at Arlington Cemetery, not only no remorse but boasting about this act, we were able to identify the individuals social media posts and Instagram stories and find the types of things he was posting on that day.


So NPR identified these Trump campaign staffers involved in the altercation. It's Justin Caparelli as well as another individual named Michael Picard. They're part of the advance team for Donald Trump. Let's take a look at the individual social media. Right here you see Justin Caparelli posting the following. It is a photograph of Tony Sopranos henchman right there. An individual from the show that I'm sure you may recognize, Pauly Walnuts right there. Who was Tony Sopranos henchman. We did a story about it on the Midas Touch Networks website, Midas news.com. Trump staffer involved in cemetery altercation posted comparison of himself to mafia henchman.


We're also able to independently confirm that Justin Caparelli was involved in the advanced team and pre-planning regarding January 6th as well. More on that in a moment. Let me just go through the Midas news story first. Then I want to chat about how Donald Trump continues to praise mobsters and mafia leaders and how this is just part of what MAGA has become. Basically a mafia mobsters Trump staffer involved in cemetery altercation posted comparison of himself to Soprano henchman Justin Caparelli, who was identified as one of the staff members involved in the Arlington National Cemetery incident in Section 60 posted the following on his Instagram story.


It's a tweet comparing himself to Soprano's character, Pauly walnuts, the chief henchman of the Mafia crime Family boss in the show, Tony Soprano. Then our friend Stephanie Winston Woff posted the following because this Justin Caparelli got a start working for Melania. Stephanie Winston Woff was Melania Trump's former close friend and top advisor. Winston Woff writes. So at Melania Trump, your director of operations, Justin Caparelli plays a critical role in all things Trump, including planning the January 6th insurrection, which you claim to know nothing about the inauguration in Arlington cemetery incident.


Take a look at this right here. Former Trump campaign staffers worked on National Mall rally the day of the Capitol Riot. They include Justin Capital rally, the Trump campaign's Director of Advance, and former director of operations for First Lady Melania Trump, who was listed on the permit as the project manager for the rally. This was the individual involved in the Arlington Cemetery incident. Approximately four years later in the past few weeks, Trump campaign staffers orchestrated Rally for Women for America first in Washington DC by organizing permits and were onsite at the event that spawned the deadly assault on the capitol. Justin Capelli was listed as the events project manager.


He's the former top aide to Melania Trump and was on the payroll for most of 2020. Another article right here, text Messages Show Top Trump campaign fundraisers. Key role in planning the rally that proceeded the siege Justin mentioned in her text was Justin Caparelli, a former top aide to First Lady Melania, whose production company helped put on the event at the ellipse. That's Justin Caparelli right there. Also worth noting that Justin Caparelli was banned by other Republicans during the Republican primary debates that Donald Trump was too scared to show up to. So when the debates would take place, Caparelli wouldn't be involved in all of this mischief.


So signs like this would be put outside of the Republican primary debates for the stadium staff to look for the event staff, to look for him and to not let him in based on what they expected that he was going to do. Now I wanna share this with you as well because Caparelli now making posts comparing himself to Tony Soprano's henchman because of this incident in Arlington Cemetery, section 60, which is a disgrace to veterans disgrace to our country, what they were doing.


Are you still using a personal phone for business calls? That's a common mistake a lot of business owners make, but it's holding you back. You need more than just a cell phone and a notes app to run things smoothly. That's where open Phone comes in. An all-in-one solution that keeps you connected and organized with the help of ai. Imagine this, your team's working remotely, but everyone has access to the same information. Making collaboration seamless with open phone, you can guarantee that your employees are always in sync. Plus their AI powered features go beyond just calls. They could help you summarize phone calls, suggest next steps, and even create to-Do lists so your business can run more efficiently. Open phone is the number one business phone system built for modern businesses. It streamlines client communication and fosters teamwork with tons of customizable, flexible features. Whether you're on your phone or your computer, open phone integrates with systems like HubSpot and more making it easy to manage from anywhere. Businesses love it because it's collaborative and rated number one, customer satisfaction. With over 1700 glowing reviews, it's been voted best and usability easiest to set up and more. Right now, OpenPhone is offering 20% off your first six months. Just go to open phone.com/midas. That's O-P-E-N-P-H-O-N e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 20% off your first six months. Plus, if you've got existing numbers, open phone will port them over at no extra charge.


Here's Donald Trump at a speech that he gave recently to the young Republicans in New York, the young Republicans or high school students, college students, and Donald Trump praises the great Al Capone. He says the greatest of them all, and his message to the young Republicans is what? How great the Mafia leader Al Capone, who like killed lots of people, was here, play this clip First time in history, and I always say Al Capone, the greatest of them all. Gangster Scarface. Show you another clip right here. Donald Trump recently during one of his events talked about all the people Al Capone killed.


This was a speech that Donald Trump gave recently in Potterville, Michigan, and he praised Al Capone for killing people here play this clip said In the last year, I think it had nine indictments far more than Alfon Capone, who was quite well known in Chicago and the environs. He liked killing people, but he had nothing like mean nine times. I can show you literally probably like 50 clips like this. I'm not, I'm gonna show you just one more so you can hear about, you can see what Trump does. Here he is at Mar-a-Lago speaking very fondly of Al Capone, but there's like, I have 50 or 60 clips of him praising Al Capone.


I'll just show you one more so you can see it in different settings. This is what he told a private group at Mar-a-Lago after telling them that he wants to help all the richest people, you're rich as hell, I'm gonna help you. Then he starts talking about Al Capone here, play this clip. And before I became well known as somebody that was indicted more than Alfon Capone, the legendary Alfon Capone, you know Al Capone, if he took somebody to dinner and he didn't like them, he'd kill them. If somebody looked at him the wrong way, he would kill them. He once had a date, very lovely young lady, and the man next to him tried to pick her up. Guess what happened to him?


It wasn't good. Scarface, they call him. It was not good to go after Alfon Capone's girlfriend. I'll teach that to these guys, Vince, just so you don't wanna do that. But it was not a good situation. He got indicted less than I did Alfonz, I got indicted four times. He only got indicted two times. Now the good news is our poll numbers went through the roof. The bad news is I have to deal with these maniacs. There are maniacs, You know? So it is worth noting as well what President Biden said on Friday. I wanna obviously contrast what Donald Trump said to President Biden. President Biden said that Donald Trump believes America's failing, but Donald Trump is failing, and Donald Trump is a failing man.


Here play this clip in Thousands of cities and towns across the country. We're seeing the great American comeback story. My predecessor believes America's a failing nation. He's a failing president of failing man. He's wrong America's, Let me show you this other clip of President Biden right here in one of his strongest versions of calling Donald. Trump out for calling our military suckers and losers. Here play this clip. Our veteran suckers and losers play this clip, But my predecessors doesn't get it. He refused to visit American Cemetery in France that I was just near because according to his own chief of staff of four Star Marine General Trump said, those servicemen buried there are suckers and losers.


My son died 'cause of a year in Iraq. I'm just happy and I mean this in front of my heart. I'm glad I wasn't there. I think I would've done something. No, I think you would've too. They're heroes. He's the sucker, he's the loser. The way I thought it was important to share all of that data with you and we'll keep you posted every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together, shall we?


Thanks for watching Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.