
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Superbowl 59 must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope NY in New York.


He's getting more unhinged and bizarre each and every day. So Donald Trump's Wednesday Freak Out was a site to behold Donald Trump was supposed to sign into law the lake in Riley Act, which he did. Took him seven days to do that while he's been playing golf and shutting down government funding to go to where it's needed and then rescinding a memo shutting down the government funding. But then as Press Secretary said, it wasn't rescinded. So states had to go into court to get another injunction to block Donald Trump from depriving people of emergency and necessary and critical government funding.


But while all of that was going on, what was Donald Trump doing while he was sitting around and making posts like this? Watch the water. Donald Trump has pretended or lied that he sent the United States military into the state of California to turn on a faucet in the Northwest, which is entirely false. And Donald Trump and some of his Q Anon cult are now saying that Donald Trump was responsible for the reign. Donald Trump was reposting an account called Spiritual Fighter, which is a Q Anon account. She then responds if it is a she who goes Thank Q at real Donald Trump for posting the link to my reply on Your Truth social post.


It's a great honor. And her account is literally a Q Anon account that says where we go, one, we go all the Q Anon slogan, but she thank Q for Donald Trump reposting and Donald Trump just reposting Q Anon stuff. More post up front by Donald Trump saying, let it flow. Trump sends in military to turn on the water flow in California. Again, that never happened. The mental breakdown, the lies, the delusion, the insanity here is omnipresent. Next, Donald Trump. Well, they're advertising on his social media platform. When you look through his posts, we're giving away free Trump second term gold coins to everyone who clicks this.


Also at the same time, RFK Junior's Confirmation hearing was taking place. They were also advertising on Donald Trump's social media platform. 10% off Ivermectin. They're still selling that crap on Trump's social media site. More weird posts by Donald Trump referring to himself as the GOAT, the goat. And he claims that America's now great again in one week. Frankly, we've never been weaker than before in our history. And then Donald Trump finally gets to this press conference and he's asked a question. He's talking about all these other things in the press conference. He's talking about lies that America sent $50 million bomb condoms to Gaza that we sent bomb condoms.


Condoms. That became bombs used by Hamas. 100% false. Not a single dollar went to Gaza for condoms. There was aid that went to Gaza. America sent internationally about $60 million of contraceptive aid internationally. But there were no condom bombs or condoms. But anyway, Donald Trump and MAGA will lie about everything. The bigger, the more outlandish is their WMD, their weapon of mass distraction from the fact that egg prices are not down, grocery prices are not down, gas prices are up. The economy ain't better. The Federal Reserve refuse to lower interest rates because of Donald Trump's chaos, to which Donald Trump then started attacking the chairman of the Federal Reserve Chairman Powell, and saying that they're too focused on DEI and green stuff and don't care about the economy.


Anyway, Trump was asked, can you take a quick question on government funding? Like you've created mass pandemonium and chaos in this country. What's your response? Trump goes, I don't think it's appropriate timing to talk about that. It's not appropriate here. Watch this. Thank You, Mr. President. Government funding. Can you take a quick question on government funding? Pause. I don't think this is appropriate, really. I respect that, but I don't think it's, I could just say your government is doing very well and we're cutting way back, but this is not the appropriate time. Thank you. Well, what was Donald Trump talking about? Lying and saying that they, that they stopped $50 million to Gaza to buy condom bombs.


But to be very clear, as Josh Rogan makes sense, according to comprehensive reports issued by the US Agency for International Development, usaid, not a penny of the 60.8 million in contraceptive and condom shipments funded by the US in the past year went to Gaza. But here's what Trump said. Let's play it. And that process, we identified and stopped $50 million being sent to Gaza to buy condoms for Hamas, 50 million. And you know what's happened to them? They've used them as a method of making bombs. How about that? Then Donald Trump talked about his threats to Columbia and the fake deal he made with Columbia, which preserved the status quo.


That existed when President Biden was in office. But then Donald Trump said to Columbia, Donald Trump goes, I told them you're gonna take your migrants back and you're gonna like it Here, play this clip. You probably read about Columbia two days ago. They said, no, we're not taking 'em. And they said, we're gonna take 'em. You're gonna take 'em. You're gonna like it too. You're gonna take them. By the way, that's what abusers, that's how abusers talk. And look, Donald Trump is someone found liable of sexual assault. He is someone who was separately convicted of 34 felony counts in New York. He talks like a mobster.


Did you know that The liver is the second largest organ in your body? It's responsible for over 500 functions in your body, but for some reason, liver health doesn't always get the attention that it deserves. Dose for your liver was formulated to cleanse your liver of unwanted elements, a digestion, and maintain your body's filter. Why does this matter? Well, your liver is the second largest organ in your body and is responsible for over 500 functions in your body. It acts as your body's filter flushing out unwanted elements and breaking down what you consume into essential nutrients. The liver produces and regulates cholesterol stores vitamins and minerals and impacts digestive and metabolic health amongst many other things. Doses science backed formula promotes liver function aids, digestion, eases bloating, and even boosts energy levels. Clinical results in a double blind placebo controlled clinical trial dose for your liver, lower liver enzyme levels by 50% in over 86% of participants stick with dose and feel the incredible benefits over time with more energy, better digestion, reduce bloating, healthier liver enzyme function, reduction of brain fog, and better sleep. One dose for your liver shot is equivalent to 17 shots of turmeric, juice doses, gluten-free, dairy-free, sugar-free and vegan. Save 30% on your first month of subscription by going to dosedaily dot co slash midas or entering Midas at checkout. That's D-O-S-E-D-A-I-L-Y. Do co slash midas for 30% off your first month's subscription.


Then Donald Trump talks about how he's basically gonna be opening up what appears to be a concentration camp in Guantanamo Bay. They're calling it a migrant facility in Guantanamo Bay. Let me show you this today. I am also signing an executive order to instruct the Departments of Defense and Homeland Security to begin preparing the 30,000 person migrant facility at Guantanamo Bay. Most people don't even know about it. We have 30,000 beds in Guantanamo to detain the worst criminal, illegal aliens threatening the American people. Some of 'em are so bad we don't even trust the countries to hold them because we don't want 'em coming back.


So we're gonna send them out to Guantanamo. And then Donald Trump posts the following, a photo of Pete Hessa, who's the former Fox host, someone entirely unqualified to become the defense secretary who the Magar Republicans and now Donald Trump and Hegseth are just lying about the numbers. And they go, recruiting numbers are up. The Army is now scheduled to meet all of its goals. All woke base names are gone. Fort Liberty's back to being Fort Bragg. Oh yeah, you just solved everything recruitment's all of a sudden up. Everything's great, folks. This is Kim Jong-Un, Vladimir Putin style propaganda. This is the epitome of weakness, by the way, in addition to freezing government aid being shipped out, this is why they did a freeze on government communication.


They don't want to report disease numbers. They don't want to report the real economic numbers. They don't want to report recruitment numbers. Why they want to do this Kim Jong-un crap and just lie. They think that's strength. Remember what he said during covid like a miracle, it's all gonna just go away and they expect us to buy into the propaganda. Pete Heif then posted, we don't want criminal illegals on our soil. They need to go home using Gimo will facilitate that. It's the perfect location, he says, and by the way, there's also a recent study showing that most of the people, or majority of the people they're rounding up are not, don't have criminal records, they're not terrorists, they're migrants who are contributing to the economy.


Don't get me wrong, there are some criminals, but Biden was deporting criminals. Biden had less border crossings than Trump did at the end of Biden's term. Oh, and then there's this piece of news. While all of this is going on that you have Zuckerberg's meta is agreeing to pay Donald Trump $25 million. Donald Trump filed some ridiculous lawsuit for being blocked by Facebook in 2021 and the way Donald Trump had a BC kiss the ring and pay him $15 million. Well now Donald Trump using the office of the presidency to have the oligarchs pay him money, which they say $23 million or $22 million is going to the presidential library.


That's not built. 3 million going to legal funds. And by the way, so what we told you is gonna happen. Trump was gonna go to those billionaires who kiss the ring and say, you have to pay me money. So while your gas prices are not lower, while your egg prices are not lower, while your groceries are not lower, while your housing is not more affordable, while the government freeze may have thrown you and your family into an utter panic and has crippled our country, while we are weaker internationally than we've ever been in the history of the United States, Donald Trump's out there asking his oligarchs to pay him legal settlements to enrich himself, to enrich his lawyers, and for future presidential libraries.


I'm wink, wink, I'm sure about that. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. The truth is so critical. Now, more than ever, I wanna thank my friends at SnapStream, by the way, for helping with those clips. Thank you. And go to patreon.com/midas touch, and let's go to midas plus.com as well. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.