
When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please. For the love of everything, goodness world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month for required intro rate. First three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


This morning, Donald Trump posted this photo of Argentina's leader Javier Malay, with this quote attributed to Malay. If printing money would end poverty printing diplomas would end stupidity. Well, let's talk about stupidity first. This stupidity of this post, because the breaking news is that Javier Malay is currently embroiled in a massive scandal for a crypto pump and dump scheme with a shit coin known as Libra that crashed. It was a massive rug pull that has led to lots of people in Argentina and elsewhere losing a lot of money, and it was advertised as a get rich quick scheme for Argentina.


Sound familiar? Because the same group, Keer Ventures that made this meme coin or was involved in this meme coin that Javier Malay is now embroiled in this scandal that are leading to potential charges against him, massive lawsuits and possible impeachment. While that group Keer Ventures, they were also involved, it appears in the Melania meme coin. The S remember Melania dollar sign, Melania, and that meme coin crashed the same way. The dollar sign Trump meme coin also appeared to be a rug pull, and that coin crashed, although that wasn't Kelsey or Ventures, but that was a Solano coin. But that cr, do you see a pattern here?


Well, let's talk about what is happening here. By the way, here's the guy who is Javier Malaise advisor, and this is the group that worked with Samia allegedly as well. This guy's name is Hayden Davis. Just take a look at this guy. I'm gonna show you his video in a bit where he goes, I'm Javier Malays advisor. Well, here's the post that Javier Malay made. Here was the pump that was done. Javier Malay posted Liberal Argentina grows. This private project will be dedicated to encouraging the growth of the Argentina economy by funding small Argentine businesses and startups.


The world wants to invest in Argentina dollar sign, Libra Long Live Freedom damnit dollar sign, Libra. And then this. Remember how Donald Trump pumped his coin, how Samia pumped her meme coin. This was the meme coin. Here's a recap of what went down. Here's the following that happened over this past weekend. Javier Malay promoted dollar sign Libra. In that tweet Friday said it was to stimulate Argentina's economy. It rose to a $4.4 billion market cap then collapsed 95%. He has since deleted the tweet.


Now, Malay could face impeachment trial. So that happened over the weekend and Donald Trump is posting the Malay image today. That's kind of why you have to say, is it stupid? Is it reckless? Or does Donald Trump just want to destroy everything by promoting this? Now even Malay is deleting the post, but Donald Trump is promoting Malay. Here's someone who writes Argentinian President Javier Malay promoted the liber shit coin in a now deleted tweet claiming it would stimulate growth in the country shortly after its promotion. More than $4.4 billion in the market cap was wiped out. The coin was created by the same group behind the Melania coin.


This is a good recap of everything as well. Argentinian President Javier Malay faces impeachment now over the crypto fraud allegations. On February 14th, Malay promoted the meme coin Libra on X, claiming it would boost Argentina's economy, small businesses and startups. The coins market cap soared to $4.5 billion reaching a peak price of $4 and 50 cents only to crash to 50 cents within minutes. Crypto analysts suspect Libra was a pump and dump scam where developers cashed out at the peak, pocketing around 87 million while investors lost everything. A few hours later, Malay deleted the post and denied involvement saying he shared the project like any other entrepreneur's initiative, but investors didn't buy his explanation.


Former President Christina Fernandez's Day Kirchner accused him of misleading thousands of people who trusted him with millions. Argentina's anti-corruption office launched an investigation and the financial technology chamber label Libra, a likely scam.


You've probably seen peptides everywhere in skincare. But here's the thing, not all peptides are created equal. Just because it says peptide on the label doesn't mean it's actually doing anything for your skin. That's where one skin's OS zero one peptide is different, unlike other peptides that just kind of sit on the top of your skin. OS zero one goes deeper, penetrating the layers where real skin repair happens. It's scientifically proven to boost collagen production, hydration and skin barrier function. And unlike some products that lose potency outside the lab OS zero one remain stable from the lab to your countertop. Listen, if you're not getting results from your peptide, it might be time to take a closer look. All of one skin's topical supplements are backed by lab and clinical studies, and they're all powered by the OS zero one peptide, the first and only peptide scientifically proven to target the senescent cells that contribute to lines, wrinkles, and thinning skin. Try OneSkin with an exclusive 15% off your first purchase using code Midas at OneSkin Do co. I've been using Oneskin for a while now and I could genuinely say I notice a difference. My skin feels healthier, more hydrated, and just looks better. The eye topical has been a lifesaver for me. I've even used the beyond my face on my hands, my neck, and it's made a real impact. I expected a good moisturizer, but this is next level skincare backed by science, founded and led by an all women team of skin longevity scientists. Oneskin is redefining the aging process with their OS zero one peptide, the first ingredient proven to help skin look, feel, and behave like its younger self. Get 15% off your first purchase with code Midas at Oneskin dot co. That's 15% off at OneSkin dot co with promo code Midas MEIDAS. And after you buy, let them know we sent you invest in your skin's health and longevity with Oneskin your future self will. Thank you.


So Here's the guy Hayden Davis right here who goes, no, I am Malaises advisor. Here's the video that he just posted. Let's play It. I am indeed Javier Malaises advisor. Obviously I think most of you guys have seen that either on Twitter or some, some form of social media. I am working with him and his team on much bigger tokenization and really cool stuff in Argentina, and I absolutely back him. And here was Javier Malay trying to distance himself from all of this. A few hours ago I posted a tweet like so many other countless times supporting a supposed private venture that I obviously have no connection with. I was not aware of the details of the project, and after becoming informed, I decided not to continue giving it exposure.


That's why I deleted the tweet to the filthy rats who are trying to take advantage of the situation and cause harm. I want to say that every day they confirm how despicable these politicians are and they increase our conviction to kick out their asses. Okay, do do you get a sense why this guy is beloved by maga? This Javier Malay, he's a MAGA scammer. He's, he's built in their style and then he plays the victim of it all. Let me share this with you. This is actually a good interview over here. And here's this Hayden Davis guy again, let me show you too of again, Kelsey or Ventures, which worked on the Melania coin. Let's play it.


Question is what to do with money. That's not mine. It's not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm never claiming it's my money. I'm not running off with the money. I don't want, I have no desire to run off with the money. Whose money is it? It's, I mean, I mean it. That's what I don't, that I think that's the question. I mean, it's, it's the, I mean it's the, I I don't know. I mean, it's it's definitely not my, it's the, it's Argentina. I, I don't know what, what, what association you give with that. I mean, the, the point was like, you know, Malays team or who I thought was Malays team. I mean, again, you're talking to, Let me just show you a longer clip of that guy Hayden Davis. This is the video he made about his connection to the coin Play, this clip.


Hey guys, my name's Hayden. I know there's tons of frustrations. I've had tons of crazy text messages on my phone. I'm here to set the record straight, both because there were things that were in and out of my control. I was only a part of what's happened with Libra. But also I want to just shed a little bit more light and let you guys at least see my face. Because a lot of people that have been involved with this launch have gone either silent or are nowhere to be found. And I wanna make sure there's a accountability and b, a structure going forward so that people don't feel screwed over. And, and I do believe there's actually an amazing way forward if people are open to it. Before I say anything else, I am indeed Javier Malays advisor.


Obviously I think most of you guys have seen that either on Twitter or some, some form of social media. I am working with him and his team on much bigger tokenization and really cool stuff in Argentina, and I absolutely back him. What happened with Libra? I think there's many things I could say. There's only certain elements that I could control of the launch. Definitely things didn't go according to plan, but rather than share all the details right now, because it's going to be a much longer video, it's going to be a much longer structure. I wanna make sure you guys all know I'm a very direct straight to the point person. Lawyers in Argentina have now filed fraud charges against President Javier Malay for promoting this cryptocurrency, which quickly collapsed Libra Token key figure.


Hayden Davis, though he denies it's a rug pull, he blames. This was just a plan gone wrong. Davis also admitted to being a part of the Melania Meme coin launch, but asserted that his team did not profit off of it. Okay, sure. So let's, let's talk about these other meme coins, the official Trump coin and the Melania coin. How, how are those coins doing right now? Let's take a look right here. The official Trump coin down what, the last month, 45%. At one point it was $75 and now it's $17 and 25 cents. It's, it's lost massive amounts of market cap.


There's so many people who have lost their life savings on Donald Trump's meme coin. But Trump got rich, his family got rich off of the Oval Office, dropping the meme coin during the inauguration events while Snoop Dogg was there and Snoop Dogg was paid to do the inauguration events. Trump got rich, Trump's family got rich on the transaction fees as well. So that's at $17 and 25 cents. And then how's the Melania coin doing? Which was by the Caler Ventures, a dollar and 27. Oh, that's down 82% over this past month. So a total rug pull it seems with the Melania coin right there.


But you know, there, there you have it. Oh, oh, I, I think here's the photo of, here's a video of a Malay in Trump. Here, Play this clip President. You know, and look, you know, there is a reason that birds of a feather flock together. And I mean, just think about it with this news breaking with all the stuff about Javier Malay on President's Day. Does Donald Trump make any, you know, well, what was Donald Trump posting on President's Day? He was posting his mugshot. That's what Donald Trump posted on President's Day, photos of his mugshot.


And then he wanted everybody to see that his mugshot was also in the Oval Office. And then Donald Trump goes, they're not after me, they're after you. I'm just standing in the way. And then he shows that his mugshots in the Oval Office, it's the same rhetoric, it's the same language. And as I've always said, these people, their corruption, which is peak, is matched by their incompetence as well. These are just bad. These are bad people. Like, again, I, I know we actually have a wide variety of viewers here who aren't just like Democrats and liberals and progressives and people who aren't all that political look. These are just bad people who are ripping you off. Okay? Just think about, think about the scam with the, with the budget.


Just look at the American budget. Okay? $4.5 trillion in tax cuts for the billionaires. 4.5 trillion in tax cuts while they gut $880 billion of your Medicaid. $250 billion cut for farmers, $350 billion cut for education. There's nothing about no tax on tips, nothing about no tax on overtime, nothing about no tax on social security. They just lie. They're liars. They lie to you about everything. And then Donald Trump takes, you know, the, the, the, the beast, the motorcade, and goes around in the Daytona 500 and then uses our symbols and goes, yeah, America, yeah, while he's screwing you over and just lying to you about everything.


It's all a lie. Just think about it. Malay Trump, all these freaking people. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.