
A B, C Thursdays. Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why Didn't you tell me you were Pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just Another doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna Sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


How do you feel? Great on vacation. Like really good, easy You. go to Aruba. You'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


What a terrible, terrible weekend for Donald Trump. Let me go through what went down. By the way, hit subscribe on this YouTube channel before I go and talk more, because we're on our way to 4 million subscribers. Make sure you're subscribed anyway. You have the CBS News National Poll, vice President Kamala Harris of 52% to 48% NBC poll. Vice President Kamala Harris is leading Donald Trump by six. So what is Donald Trump doing? He's posting this. Hello everyone. I have something incredible to share with you today as we are introducing the launch of official Trump coins. The only official Trump coin designed by me proudly minted here in the United States.


It's a silver medallion and it's gonna be available starting Wednesday, September 25th, 2024. You can buy it for like a hundred bucks. Melania Trump is posting to all of my passionate collectors. I am thrilled to unveil 2020 four's limited edition ornament series. Merry Christmas America. Each unique piece captures the magic of the holiday season. Let these ornaments inspire, cherish memories and bring you warmth. The meanwhile, the Haitian community across the United States, including half a million Haitian Americans in Florida, are livid with Donald Trump.


A Miami Tribune article says, big mistake Donald, that could cost Donald Trump, Florida. I'll be covering, covering that more and an additional hot take. Take a look at the front page folks of Drudge Poll. Newly popular Harris builds momentum down the home stretch with a far bigger campaign. maga, unorganized Trump turbulence, dodging more debates. Vice president Kamala Harris put out this ad moments ago calling Donald Trump out for being a chicken and being too afraid to debate her. Watch this. I Wanna turn to the issue Of abortion.


For 52 years they've been trying To get Roe v. Wade into the States. I did a great service in doing it. It took courage to do it and the Supreme Court had great courage in doing it. I have talked with women around our country. You wanna talk about this is what people wanted. Pregnant women who want to carry a pregnancy to term suffering from a miscarriage being denied care in an emergency room because the healthcare providers are afraid they might go to jail and she's bleeding out in a car in the parking lot. She didn't want that. Her husband didn't want that. A 12 or 13-year-old survivor of incest being forced to carry a pregnancy to term.


They don't want that. I think the American people believe that certain freedoms in particular, the freedom to make decisions about one's own body, should not be made by the government. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message Folks, and we got more breaking news coming in over the weekend. Mark Robinson, the handpicked gubernatorial candidate in North Carolina by Donald Trump. Well, his campaign staff has now essentially all left him vs. Donald. Trump really doesn't have a path in this election without North Carolina oversimplifying some, but Mark Robinson has lost his key campaign managers and advisors.


So what is Donald Trump doing after Mark Robinson embroiled in Pornogra pornography scandal saying the most disgusting things about his wife's sister, calling himself a black Nazi? Well, here's what Donald Trump's doing, folks. He's got a super secret plan. He is selling more assassination edition photographs of himself, and he wants people to buy that. He goes after another attempt on my life, my commitment to save America is stronger than ever continuing to grift over and over again. Donald Trump though gave this interview where he just sounded really weak and really pathetic.


It was an interview with someone named Cheryl Atkinson on some right wing thing. And here he's asked would he run in 2028 if he loses and he goes, watch it. Let's play the clip. And then if you're not successful this time, do you see yourself running again in four years? No, I don't. No, don don't. I think that that will be, that will be it. I don't see that at all. I think that hopefully we're gonna be successful. Mr. President Thank you for the interview. Appreciate It. Thank you very much. Thank You. Sha.


Are you feeling sluggish, low energy and unfocused? Your body might be telling you it needs a deep, clean. Prolon by El Nutra is a scientifically backed fasting mimicking diet designed to clean out the cobwebs on a cellular level. Just five days can make a meaningful difference in your overall health. Introducing Prolon. It's a revolutionary plant-based nutrition program that nourishes the body while making cells believe they're fasting, research and develop. At the University of Southern California Longevity Institute, Prolon helps promote healthy blood sugar. It supports cardiovascular health and reduces abdominal fat. Prolon isn't a diet, it's science-based on Nobel Prize winning discoveries in medicine, the five day program and includes snack soups and beverages designed to keep your body in a fasting state. It's unlike anything you've experienced. I did the five day program. I can tell you that it made all the difference in the world to me, and I've gotten so many positive reviews from the mighty, mighty out there. Prolon really isn't like any other diet I've tried. It's convenient. They sent me everything. It's all in one box right now. Prolon is offering the Midas Touch podcast listeners like you, 15% off their five day nutrition program. Go to Prolon life.com/midas. That's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com. Prolon life.com/midas for this special offer. That's Prolon life.com/midas. Check it out by the way here.


Donald Trump is then asked about one of the major things he announced he was going to do, which is mass deportation, sending local police government agents knocking on doors. And if you look a certain way, even if you're here lawfully, Donald Trump will deport you. He's already said that he would be deporting the Haitian migrants who have protected legal status and are here lawfully. He said he's sending the Haitians to Venezuela. He said, well, he's asked in the interview about other statements that he made about this being bloody. Remember he said, it's gonna be a bloody affair, mass deportations.


He's gonna injure people, rip the children out of their homes, tear families apart. It's gonna be a bloody affair. He said this. These are his words before. Let's play this Bird two. You've talked about a mass deportation program. How is that practically possible? Because a lot of the millions of people have had children here who are American citizens, and don't you think the first time there is an image on television of a family tearfully being told to board a bus that that whole program would end? That's right. If you take a young woman with two beautiful children and you put her on a bus and it ends up on the front page of every newspaper, makes it a lot harder. So yes to mass deportation even of women and Children.


So when you look at it very closely, you, the way you phrase it is exactly right. You put one wrong person onto a bus or onto an airplane and your radical left lunatics will try and make it sound like the worst thing that's ever happened. Meanwhile, Donald Trump's top influencers are hard at work. Kat Turd, who's the one of the top magar Republican influencers out there, runs one of the most important and prominent right wing accounts. This is what the Republican party has become. Folks with all of this bad news, they're gonna, they're gonna stop it with this, A cat picture with Donald Trump doing a weird dance, looking very frail together.


This is what Katter did. LOL exclamation points. Speaking about Donald. Trump being very frail, Trump's own camp on why he's not holding more rallies. Quote, he's just older and more inclined to spend his time. Now at Mar-a-Lago here folks, is an analysis done by Axios on the Trump rallies being held during 2016 and 2024. And you can see folks, Donald Trump really just isn't even campaigning hard anymore. But one of the things we also learned as we're going through our Magar Republican news, as my friend Tom Mars explained in a post having verified that governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders school choice evangelist has a prolific gay porn filmography as Seth Rose.


I commend the governor for finally embracing L-G-B-T-Q community. He says, well, here's the thing, one of Sarah Huckabee Sanders handpicked individuals who's tried to, you know, take the books and do all of that stuff, who's very, I guess publicly anti L-G-B-T-Q wants to control the families in Arkansas. Turns out that he's got quite a prolific pornographic past. I'll just stop, right? But you get what I'm saying With maga, it's always projection and confession. And I, I'm like, come on, that can't be real. You're telling me that the guy who's anti L-G-B-T-Q starred in PHILMONT films?


Well, that's what they're saying in Arkansas. Meanwhile, vice President Kamala Harris is talking about policy. Policy that's gonna benefit we the people. She's not selling weird trading cards or weird gold coins or silver coins or here's what she's doing. She's talking about issues. Play this clip. I will also make sure good paying jobs are available to all Americans, not just those with college degrees. For Far too long, our nation has encouraged only one path to success, a four year college degree.


Our nation needs to recognize the value of other paths, additional paths such as apprenticeships and technical programs. So as president, I will get rid of the unnecessary degree requirements for federal jobs to increase jobs for folks without a four year degree. Understanding that requiring a certain degree does not necessarily talk about one's skills. There. You heard her talking about good paying jobs. Here she is talking about healthcare for seniors.


She's talking about how our grandparents deserve to be treated with respect and dignity. Here play this clip. We, because of our work together, have finally given Medicare the power to negotiate lower drug prices with big pharma and understand if my opponent Donald Trump wins, his allies in Congress intend to end Medicare and end Medicare's negotiating power as they remind us again this week. So why would you wanna end Medicare's negotiating power against Big Pharma? And essentially they're saying that it's not fair to Big Pharma.


That's essentially what they're saying. But I'll tell you what's not fair. What's not fair is that our seniors for too long have had to cut pills in half because they cannot afford their full medication. That's not fair. It's not fair that our seniors have had to choose between filling their prescriptions and putting food in their refrigerator or paying their rent. That's not fair. And that's why we will continue to do our work together, including Fight Project 2025, an agenda that would cut Medicare and increase the cost of healthcare in our country.


'cause we stand with the people and on the side of the people And there you have it, folks. Oh, by the way, if you were wondering, is Melania Trump selling a Melania Bride figurine if you were wondering? She is. She is for $99. I hope that answered some questions that you have. Hit subscribe. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.