
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines Restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KLM dao.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Donald Trump just finished up a disastrous press conference in the Oval Office at the same time, he was crashing our markets. Donald Trump during this press conference talked about pulling the United States potentially out of nato. He didn't use those exact words, but judge for yourself here, when Donald Trump was asked if he thinks that NATO would help the United States, if the United States was attacked, let's play it. And you know, the biggest problem I have with nato, I, I really, you know, I mean, I know the guys very well, they're friends of mine. But if the United States was in trouble and we called them, we said we got a problem, France, we got a problem.


Couple of others I won't mention. Do you think they're gonna come and protect us? They're supposed to. I'm not so sure. You know, with Japan, you know, with Japan, we have a deal, which is a very interesting one. And I love Japan. Yeah, quite literally. NATO has very recently come to the defense of the United States, and that just gives you that Donald Trump's perspective of the world is perfectly aligned with Vladimir Putin's our enemies. And that's why Donald Trump wants us to join the access of evil and has already pulled us into it with Putin, North Korea, Belarus, and Hungary. Here. Donald Trump is asked by Peter Ducey if he's considering changes to NATO or not, helping out nato, watch his response.


Let's play it. Making any Changes to nato where NATO country gets attacked, but they're not paid enough dues. So the United States doesn't defend them. Well, I've said that to them. I said, if you're not gonna pay, we're not gonna defend. I said that seven years ago, and because of that, they paid hundreds of billions of dollars. I said, if you're not gonna pay your bills, we're not going to defend you. And it also went for the attack. But if they got attacked, they said, well, does that mean you won't defend us? I said, are you current or are you delinquent? They said, if we were delinquent, would you? I said, Nope, I would not. And he's asked again. And just to make the point very clear, here's what he says.


Are you Gonna make that policy, us policy that the US wouldn't defend NATO countries that don't pay? Well, I think it's common sense, right? If they don't pay, I'm not gonna defend him. No, I'm not gonna defend him. I got into a lot of heat when I said that. You said, oh, he is violating nato. And you know, the biggest problem I have with nato, I, I really, you know, I mean, I know the guys very well, they're friends of mine. But if the United States was in trouble and we called them, we said, we got a problem, France, we got a problem. Couple of others I won't mention. Do you think they're gonna come and protect us? They're supposed to.


I'm not so sure. Then Donald Trump talks about short term disruptions, meaning inflation surging. But Donald Trump says this is perfectly normal and farmers will be very happy about all of this inflation here play this clip. The first administration, and I think we'll do even better now. But this is something that we have to do. There'll always be a little short term interruption. I don't think it's gonna be big. But the countries and companies that have been ripping us aren't particularly happy with what I'm doing. But the United States will be very happy. And you know, our farmers are gonna be very happy. And again, there'll be disruption.


But in the end, I said it before with China, we signed an unbelievable deal with China, $50 billion in purchases, and we're doing great. Let's just be very clear. Donald Trump said that on day one, prices would come down. They were coming down anyway. Under former President Biden Inflation was gonna hit about 2%, which was the target by the Federal Reserve. But now there were other targets by the Federal Reserve, like targets involving recessions. Indeed, the Atlanta Federal Reserve said that the United States Q1 GDP is likely to be negative 2.8 to potentially negative 3% GDP, again, meaning we're heading into recession, great recession, and even potentially depression territory.


But Trump's saying, just have fun. Everybody here, Donald Trump is asked about removing the tariffs temporarily on auto regarding Canada and Mexico. But then he also removed other tariffs when he backed down. But Trump says, I'm super serious this time, April 2nd, it's really gonna happen. We're gonna put those tariffs back April 2nd here, play this clip. Talking About, I know yesterday you spoke with the big three. Did you tell them that no more exemptions were on the way? And what was the Reaction? I told them that's it. This was a short term deal. And they came back to me yesterday and they said, could we have some help on the tariffs 'cause of the speed?


And I said, look, I'm gonna do it, but that's it. Don't come back to me after the second April 2nd. I don't want to hear from you after April 2nd. We're not gonna be doing it anymore. I wanna help 'em. What Was their response? They didn't complain. But I helped him short term during this short term transition. April 2nd is gonna be a very big day for America. You know, it's just, yo-yo chaos with Donald Trump. I mean, how many times has he said there's gonna be tariffs? I reverse it. There's gonna be tariffs, I reverse, there's gonna be tariffs. I reverse it. He's causing havoc to our economy just based on that. And he's declaring economic warfare, if not outright warfare on our allies here in an unusual move, Fox cuts away from Trump as he's taking questions from reporters.


Notably, the questions that followed were those ones you heard Ducey ask about withdrawing from nato. Here, play this clip and Then if they can cut, it's better. And if they don't cut, then Elon will do the cutting. So Mr. President, is that a reflection? If you think Doge and Elon Musk have been moving Well, there you have President Trump answering questions moments ago in the Oval Office. Talked a lot about the hostages meeting with them yesterday. Talked a little bit about Doge. Met with some members of Doge, Then in perfect Kim Jong-Un fashion. Donald Trump signs an executive order saying that he's great for women. Yes, Donald Trump, who's been found liable for sexual assault, who has bragged about grabbing women by their generals, sexually assaulting them with, and then Donald Trump, who has been friends with Epstein before.


Yes, he's saying that he's great for women and he signs a declaration proclaiming him. Great for women. Watch this. Two Very special proclamations, the first of which is a proclamation that proclaims March, 2025 as Women's history Month in honor of all the wonderful women in your administration, all the wonderful women in America and in, in honor of everything you've done for women. And this administration has done for women in just what, a month and a half. So yeah, we've done a lot. And women have done a lot for us, right? This is an honor. We have a wonderful woman here, Maria Bar, thank you so much.


Nice to have you, Maria. Thank you very much, Mr. President, and thanks for all that you're doing for women. Thank you. She's gonna do an interview of me later. Maybe I shouldn't do this interview. I should be like Biden not doing the interviews. Then Donald Trump says the following about his cabinet members, that he and Elon will be watching them closely play this clip. No, we want them to keep the good people. And so we're gonna be watching them and Elon and the group are gonna be watching them. And if they can cut, it's better. And if they don't cut, then Elon will do the cutting. So just Then, Donald Trump says that Elon and Doge have not been moving too quickly. He actually would wanna see them move quicker in their termination of federal employees getting rid of veterans, cutting social security, gutting critical infrastructure.


Play this clip. Mr. Reflection, If you think Doge and Elon Musk have been moving too quickly. No, no. I think they've done an amazing job. They've done an amazing job. And look at what they found. I read it the other night in the speech. I mean, they found these things where billions of dollars has been poured down in the drain to things that's not about people. That's about contracts where billions and billions of dollars was just thrown out the window. It's, it probably got kickbacks, I'm Sure. Then Donald Trump suggests that the two stranded astronauts in space might fall in love here, play this clip. I'm sure that they will see this in space. What is your message to We love you and we're coming up to get you.


And you shouldn't have been up there so long. The most incompetent president in our history has allowed that to happen to you. But this president won't let it happen. We're gonna get them out. We're coming up to get you. I've authorized Elon. I said, can you get 'em out? 'cause you know they've been left up there. I hope they like each other, but they've been, maybe they'll love each other. I don't know. But they've been left up there. Think of it. And I see the woman with the wild hair, good, solid head of hair. She's got, there's no kidding, there's no games with her hair, but, and you know there's a danger up there too. They can have some failures up there.


That would be very bad. You gotta get 'em out again. While this was going on, the markets were absolutely tanking today. Once again, other news that just came out as he was doing that press conference, the Congressional Budget Office as Congress can't cut the $880 billion the house budget calls for without taking hundreds of billions from Medicaid, which we told you they were cutting Medicaid. That's what they were absolutely doing. And then a federal judge moments ago just issued an order. Federal Judge Beryl Howell says the following, in her order, ordering the reinstatement of National Labor Relations Board Board member Gwen Wilcox. She goes, a president who touts an image of himself as a king or a dictator, perhaps as his vision of effective leadership fundamentally misapprehends the role of Article two of the Constitution.


In our constitutional order, the president is tasked to be a conscientious custodian of the law, albeit an energetic one to take care of effectuating his enumerated duties, including the laws enacted by Congress and interpreted by the judiciary. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.