
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer


This MLB season FanDuel S Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Donald Trump is having a complete and total meltdown this morning. He's ranting and raving and cursing in front of cameras. He's upset that Israel and Iran were not listening to his social media posts where he said that there was a ceasefire. And so he got in front of the cameras right before he took off to fly to Europe where he is gonna be in the Netherlands at the Hague for a NATO summit meeting. And he started just dropping F-bombs and started cursing here. Watch this be about That. You know what we have? We basically have two countries that have been fighting so long and so hard that they don't know what the fuck they're doing. Do you understand that? You Have. You had, Then he goes on to whine about Israel and says, why did they unload?


Why did they have to unload more after the ceasefire against Iran? Here play this clip. I don't think so, but I'm not happy that Israel's going out. Now. There was one rocket that I guess was fired overboard. It was after the time limit and it missed its target and now Israel's going out. These guys gotta calm down. Ridiculous. I didn't like plenty of things I saw yesterday. I didn't like the fact that Israel unloaded right after we made the deal. They didn't have to unload, and I didn't like the fact that the retaliation was very strong. But in all fairness, Israel unloaded a lot.


And now I hear Israel just went out because they felt it was violated by one rocket that didn't land anywhere. That's not what we want. I'll tell you, and I'm telling you I'm not happy about that, Israel either. Then he starts name calling CNN and M-S-N-B-C because they're accurately reporting that Iran most likely still has uranium, that the nuclear facilities were not fully destroyed and that Iran is no longer going to be having any communications or meaningful coordination with the IAEA here play this clip Completely. I think it's been completely demolished. I think the reason we are here is because those pilots, those B two pilots did an unbelievable job.


And you know, the fake news like CNN in particular, they're trying to, you know, they're trying to say, well, I agree that it was destroyed, but maybe not that destroyed. You know what they're doing? They're really hurting great pilots that put their lives in the line. CNN is scum and so is MSD and C. They're all, and frankly, the networks aren't much better. It's all fake news. But they should not have done that. Those pilots hit their targets as targets were obliterated and the pilots should be given credit. They're not after the pilots are after me, they wanna try un into me don't, And again, it's just more whining from him. He goes, I really think that M-S-D-N-C needs to apologize.


They were being mean to me. Did everybody see what a great job I did? They were being mean to me. Here play this clip. That place is demolished. The B two pilots did their job. They did it better than anybody could even imagine. They hit late in the evening, it was dark with no moon, and they hit that target with every one of those things and that place is gone. But when I see CNN all night long, they're trying to say, well, maybe it wasn't really as demolished as we thought it was demolished. That you take a look at the pinpricks and you see that place is gone. And I will say, I think CNN ought to apologize to the pilots of the B twos. I think that MSD and C ought to apologize.


I think these guys really, these networks and these cable networks are real losers. You really are. You're real losers. It's real sad. It's real sense. You're gutless losers. I say that to CNN 'cause I watch it. I have no choice. I gotta watch that garbage. It's all garbage. It's all fake news. But I think CNN is a a gutless group of people and the people that run it, nobody even knows it's been sold so many times, but the people that run it ought to be ashamed. MSD and C, a guy named Brian Roberts, he heads it. He's a disgrace. He's a weak, pathetic disgrace. He's gonna be upset that world. Ron violated the peace Agreement. Now at the same time, Donald Trump was whining, ranting and raving like a lunatic, cursing on camera.


Very presidential behavior, huh? Just, just cursing in front of the world. So ridiculous. Like the worst role model ever. But he is. But he's like, he's a felon, he's a sexual abuser, he's a bankrupt, he's a fraud, he's a crook, he's a criminal. At the same time Donald Trump was behaving consistent with what I just said. You had MAGA Mike Johnson, the speaker of the house, and he says, we're under no illusions that you can just kill all their nuclear ambitions overnight. But isn't that what Donald Trump said that he was able to do? Did you not get your talking points there? Right? MAGA Mike Johnson here play this clip after We crashed them. Can you tell you that right now, Mr.


Speaker Reuters is reporting Iran's nuclear chief says, we're going to immediately start reconstituting our nuclear program. I mean that's, this is how do you negotiate that? Are you, are you kidding me? It it, it's, it's madness. I mean, we're under no illusion that you can just kill all their nuclear ambition overnight. But I think reality has set in over there. We have decimated the upper echelon of their military command as well as their nuclear scientists. I mean there, there's not much left for them to rebuild upon, but the idea that they would put out a statement like that at this fragile moment is very frustrating. Now the New York Times Midas Touch and others are reporting the following officials concede that they don't know the fate of Iran's uranium stockpile.


Both Vice President JD Vance and Raphael Grossey, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, acknowledge questions about the whereabouts of Iran's stockpile of near bomb grade nuclear material. There was also evidence, according to two Israeli officials with knowledge of the intelligence that Iran had moved equipment in uranium from the site in recent days. And there was growing evidence that the Iranians attuned to Mr. Trump's repeated threats to take military action had removed 400 kilograms or roughly 880 pounds of uranium enriched to 60% purity that is just below the 90% that is usually used in nuclear weapons.


Also, Iran's parliament has approved a plan to end all cooperation with the IAEA setting, the Iranian nuclear program up to operate with zero international observation. So you would expect that that would make Donald Trump mad considering that none of his objectives were met. And you heard him curse there before, but then Donald Trump took to social media to praise China and to praise Iran and to cur, to encourage Iran to sell oil to China very cheaply. Donald Trump posts China can now continue to purchase oil from Iran.


Hopefully they will purchase plenty from the US also. It is my great honor to make this happen. Exclamation point, it's your great honor as the United States president to help China get cheap oil from Iran while not denuclearized Iran. And now Iran is totally withdrawing from any cooperation from the I a EA who would benefit from a robust and powerful Iran. Huh? Oh, maybe Vladimir Putin, who gets all of his Shahid drones sent from Iran. Maybe Donald Trump is actually helping the alliance between Iran, Russia, China, North Korea, as he goes and heads to the Hague in the Netherlands where he's bashing nato.


Maybe that's who actually benefits from this. So now the mags on Capitol Hill, they're, they're worried 'cause they think, whoa, it seems that Iran still has some of its nuclear material. So here's maga Republican congress member Perry, and he says, yeah, Iran is still a terror regime with enriched uranium. So what are you all celebrating? Oh, you're celebrating the photo op of Donald Trump, your dear later Kim Jong-un dictator, because you think that photo op makes him look powerful. That's what this was all about. A photo op to distract from the no kings protest, Trump not releasing the Epstein files, the disastrous budget bill being wildly unpopular in the United States and Donald Trump being the most disapproved of president in the history of the United States at this time.


But here's Scott Perry, let's play that clip. They can have no nuclear capability. That's not for civilian purposes and none of this has ever been for civilian purposes, But they still do have a enrich uranium. You think that it's not for civilian purposes? I suspect that it's hard to say, but I I I wouldn't, we will put it this way. I wouldn't be surprised if some of it still exists And they are still a terrorist regime in your mind. They absolutely are. They have never changed since the day the, the ayatollah took over and they threatened their neighbors, not only in the region, but around the world. That has been their history. That's who they are.


So after these 12 days, there is still a terrorist regime in power within rich uranium. That is absolutely true. I would, I would, I would. Yeah, I think that's a correct characterization. Is that good? No, of course it's not good. But again, the, the goal for the United States of America is to make sure that they can't do anything with that enriched Iran Uranium,


how Much time, money, and energy have you spent on health, wellness and beauty products to look and feel younger and healthier? If you're like me, probably too much now. I'm so excited to share with you guys. C 15 from fatty 15, the first emerging essential fatty acid to be discovered in more than 90 years now. It's an incredible scientific breakthrough to support our long-term health and wellness. And you guessed it. Healthy aging Fatty 15 co-founder Dr. Stephanie Van Watson. She discovered the benefits of C 15 while working with the US Navy to continually improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. Now based on over a hundred studies, we now know that C 15 strengthens our cells and is a key to healthy aging nutrient, which helps to slow biological aging at the cellular level. Now in fact, when our cells don't have enough C 15, they become fragile and age faster. And when our cells age, our bodies age two. So Fatty 15 is a science-backed award-winning patented 100% pure C 15 supplement. It's vegan friendly, free of flavors, allergens, or preservatives. Fatty 15 has three times more cellular benefits than omega threes or fish oil. I love fatty 15. I've personally seen the benefits. Definitely check this stuff out. Best of all, fatty 15 comes in a gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jar and refills are shipped right to your door. Now fatty 15 is on a mission to optimize your C 15 levels to help support your long-term health and wellness. Now, especially as you age, you can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/midas and using code Midas at checkout.


Donald Trump then posts heading to nato, where at worst it will be a much calmer period than what I just went through with Israel and Iran. I look forward to seeing all of my very good European friends and others. Hopefully much will be accomplished. You know, the Europeans are only having one session with Donald Trump involving the dues for NATO to pay, but all the other working sessions at this point, they feel like, why in the world would we want Donald Trump there? At least that's what Fox and Jesse Waters was reporting last night. You have Donald Trump making posts like this attacking Magar Republican Congress member Thomas Massey. He goes third rate Congressman Thomas Massey of the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, a phenomenal state that I won three times, keeps talking about how he's gonna protect the Constitution, but he's very bad for the constitution and will probably vote against the great big beautiful bill that grants the biggest tax cuts in history.


Secures our southern border from criminal invasion funds, the Golden Dome, our great military and veterans protects our Second Amendment grants, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on social security for our great seniors, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And he goes and tells people to primary Massey. Let's be very clear, there's nothing in this budget bill about no tax on social security with respect to no tax on tips and no tax on overtime. They are so severely narrowed in definition as to not even be meaningful at all in terms of the deductions people are gonna get. And when 15 million people are ripped off of their healthcare and given Donald Trump's tariff policy causing an increase in inflation given unemployment growing, it's going to be not helpful at all to to service workers.


Donald Trump then attacks the chairman of the join, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell, Trump writes too late Jerome Powell, this is all this morning, by the way, too late. Jerome Powell of the Fed will be in Congress today in order to explain among other things why he is refusing to lower the rate. Europe has had 10 cuts, we have had zero no inflation. Great economy, we should be at least two to three points lower. I always just ask you, when you go into stores, do you think that there's no inflation? Do you think prices are cheaper? Is housing magically more affordable? Or is once again the criminal, the fraud, the sexual abuser, the bankrupt her once again, is he lying?


Donald Trump then continues to make post after post. Now that we have made peace abroad, we must finish the job here at home bypass passing the great big beautiful bill. What do you mean peace abroad? You created a conflict. You did not resolve that conflict and you didn't solve the conflict Ukraine you were going to solve, which was Russia's invasion of Ukraine. So what the hell are you even talking about? Okay, but now we have to pretend in Donald Trump's fictional world that there's total peace throughout the world. The world's totally a peaceful place. Everything is great. Everyone can afford homes. Everybody is rich. According to him, gas is $1 and 98 cents in his fictitious world.


And now Donald Trump says, well now we gotta focus on the big beautiful bill. It will be a historic present for the great people of the United States of America. It will bring a golden age. And he puts that in caps over and over and over again, and we know how disastrous this budget bill is going to be. Then Donald Trump posts this following long message, just like look visual, like, just look at this message and how crazy. It just, it looks, and he's spent this time, I guess while he's on the plane, headed to the Hague attacking a OC and he goes, stupid. A OC, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, one of the dumbest people in Congress is now calling for my impeachment, despite the fact that the crooked and corrupt Democrats have already done that twice before.


The reason for her ratings is all of the victories that the USA has had under the Trump administration, the Democrats aren't used to winning and she can't stand the concept of our country being successful again. It just goes on to wine and wine and wine, auto pen. Then he says, how dare the mouse tells us how to run the United States of America. The mouse, they call it the who? Who's it? The mouse, the auto pen. Then he finishes off by saying, so go ahead, try to impeach me again. Make my day exclamation point and, and again, like I believe that there should be like a basic floor for being the president of the United States, and I think the basic floor should be you have to actually behave like a grownup and an adult, and if your behavior would get you fired from any corporation in the United States, any nonprofit, and would probably get you banned from any social club of any form, I don't think you should be the president of the United States.


I mean, again, you know, he's deeply dangerous. He's deeply disturbed. He's he, but he's, he's just very ill-equipped to be in any position of leadership at all. Then here was the headline from May 29th, 2025, four weeks ago, US expects more trade deals in the next week or two weeks. Okay, I guess that now Donald Trump's national economic advisor, Kevin Hassett is saying trade deals are coming though now, but it's once the tax bill passes, so I guess that's two weeks. Jake Vig says, it's been so weird to watch a president learn things in real time.


When fielding a question from the press, then whatever word or concept he learns he uses in the next few social media posts. It's like when a third grader learns a new fact about dinosaurs. Let's just take a look quickly about how Americans actually feel about this disastrous budget Bill. The Fox poll shows only 38% view it favorably. 59% unfavorably. That's Fox. About 60% of the Fox polled people say they view it unfavorably only 27% approval from Quinnipiac from KFF 64% unfavorable from Pew, 29% favorable from Washington Post Ipsos, only 23% favorable.


People hate this budget bill. They know it's a murder bill and we're gonna keep you updated every step of the way. We'll talk about what Trump's doing in NATO every 90 minutes or so, every 60 minutes. Keep checking back on the YouTube channel. We keep refreshing it, we new content subscribe. You can become a member to this YouTube channel as well, since we don't have outside investors. That helps grow this channel as well. Thanks for watching checkout midas plus.com. While you're at it, have a good day. The truth is more important than ever. Checkout our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com. All 100% SA Union made


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less. With Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.


Ready to level up. Chumba Casino is your playbook to fun. It's free to play with no purchase necessary. Enjoy hundreds of casino style games like Bingos slots and solitaire anytime anywhere with fresh releases every week. Whether you're at home or on the go, let Chumba Casino bring the excitement to you. Plus get free daily login bonuses and a free welcome bonus. Join now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Play Chumba Casino today, no purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus TNC Supply.