
You know, I've never heard of a candidate tanking themselves with their own October surprise. But that's exactly what Donald Trump appears to be doing right now. Trump has been hiding his medical records from the public, and his mental collapse has been ramping up in these past few days. So in lieu of actual medical records, we have to judge him based on his public appearances. And what we are witnessing has been quite frightening. And this is something that we followed here at the Midas Touch Network for a while. And finally, we are seeing the corporate media pay attention. My name is Brett MICUs here at the Midas Touch Network, Remember to hit subscribe and help us get to 3.5 million subscribers. We can't get there without you. If you're already subscribed, hit that notification bell so you get alerted every time we post a new video.


Let's look at the headlines right now from the corporate media. M-S-N-B-C says, Trump's age is a bigger problem than ever. The Washington Post writes, Trump mixes up words swerves among subjects in an off-topic speech. The New York Times writes Trump's speeches, increasingly angry and rambling. Reignite the question of age. New York Magazine says Donald Trump is deteriorating the Daily Beast. Writes how Trump's speeches are a red flag for mental decline. Says experts. Here is what the right-Wing Drudge Report was running on their website, on their homepage yesterday, American Psycho with this picture of Donald Trump. So what does Donald Trump do anytime that he is falling apart or anytime he has a weakness like this, he projects it upon his opponent.


So Donald Trump is now freaking out on his social media app trying to change the story, and he writes, Kamala's medical report is really bad. With all the problems she has, there is a real question as to whether or not she should be running for president. All caps, my report is perfect, no problems. Well, Donald, your report doesn't exist. And what Donald Trump is trying to attack Vice President Harris for is on her report that she actually released to the public that gave detailed information about her blood pressure and every little detail about her medical history. What Donald Trump is speaking about here and is saying is dangerous is the fact that Vice President Kamala Harris has seasonal allergies not making this up.


This is what Donald Trump is focusing on. And he says, that makes her too dangerous to be president. Meanwhile, Donald Trump refuses to release his medical records and it's making everybody wonder what is he hiding? So, as I said earlier, what do we have to do in this situation if we don't actually have the data of his medical records from real medical professionals? Well, we have to watch him. We have to analyze him. We have to see what is going on with them. And so yesterday he was at this event in Chicago for the Economic club at Chicago, and it was hosted by Bloomberg and Donald Trump kept veering off course rambling, forgetting what the questions were like. Here was a moment where he was asked if Google should be broken up.


And Donald Trump ended up going on a tangent about something completely different. And the reporter had to remind him at the end of it. The question was about Google. Donald, watch this. Should Google be breaking up? I I just haven't gotten over something the Justice Department did yesterday where Virginia cleaned up its voter rolls and got rid of thousands and thousands of bad votes and the Justice Department sued them that they should be allowed to put those bad votes and illegal votes back in and let the people vote. So I haven't, I I haven't gotten, I haven't gotten over that. A lot of people have seen that. They can't even believe it.


The question is about Google, president Trump. Yeah. And this kept happening throughout this event where the moderator would ask Donald Trump something, he would veer off course and start talking about something completely different. And the moderator would have to remind him of what the conversation was supposed to be about. So here even Trump was acknowledging that you have to be able to finish a thought because it's important to be able to finish thoughts. And the moderator notes that he went from speaking about the dollar to Macron and he was all over the place. And Donald Trump realizing his mental deterioration goes back to his go-to which is saying, oh, I was just doing the weave. Watch this About You. Now you gotta be able to finish a thought.


Yeah. 'cause it's very important, you know, this is big stuff we're talking about. You can't go that quickly. You've gone from the dollar to Elector. So lemme just tell you. So I said No, I'm just telling you basic, it's called the weave. It's all these different things happening. Yeah. So let me just say, so I said to Mnuchin At the same event, Trump was asked about tariffs and then he started ranting about wars. And then notice at the end of this clip that the moderator once again has to say, with respect, Donald, I was asking you about tariffs. Watch this, Saved it, we saved our steel. Now what was left? Because we've lost so much. But there are certain companies you have to have, there are certain things. You have to have steel, you have to have, if you go to war, you know there's a possibility you go to war.


I kept this outta war. I was the only president in 82 years that kept you out of a war. Except I defeated isis. But I inherited that war. I mean, no wars. And, and by the way, by the way, and I think it's very important, you can go, you know, I call it the weave. You can call out. It's got a, you have the weave as long as you end up in the right location at the end. But while we're talking about it, we have never been so close to World War iii, as we have are right now with what's going on in Ukraine and Russia and the Middle East. Well, Let's, let's Convince I had no wars in the whole world. Think of it. And I talked him outta wars. I talked plenty of countries outta war. I had the whole world other than isis, which I inherited, and I knocked out ISIS in a matter of weeks.


It was supposed to take four to five years. I did it in a matter of weeks. We actually have a great military. We don't know how to use it. We have A great present. Trump with great respect. You, I was asking about tariffs. You've gone off by that seeing you brought up tariffs and foreign policy. Many people, A sign of mental issues and cognitive issues is often that people who experience these things get unnaturally angry and they get angry. They get set off very quickly. And we've been seeing this with Donald Trump a lot at events recently. So during this same event, he started throwing a fit and attacking the Wall Street Journal and the moderator of this event. It was a complete and total mess. Watch this. She came out, she just said the green news scam. She just named all these things.


But President Trump, the issue moment, the markets are looking at the fact you are making all these promises. Latest one was car loans. You are flooding the thing with I giving giveaways. But we're gonna, I was actually quite, I was actually quite kind to you. I used 7 trillion. The upper estimate is 15 trillion. Oh, you people like the Wall Street Journal, who's hardly a communist organization. Yeah, but you don't know. May have criticized you on this as well. You are running up enormous debts. What, what is the Wall Street Journal? Now I'm meeting with them tomorrow. What is the Wall Street Journal? Now they've been wrong about everything. So have you, by the way, you've been wrong About it. You are trying to turn this, you are trying to turn this, you've Been wrong about it. No, you are trying to turn, you are trying to turn this into debate. There's a, there are business debate It people, there are business people.


It no, you're, you've been wrong. You've been wrong all your life on this stuff. You've Been then Donald Trump apparently forgetting that he is 78 years old, says that it is stupid to put old people in the Supreme Court. And the moderator has to remind him that he is old. Watch this Because you know, you put 'em in the young, you tend to put 'em in young. Only stupid people put old. You know, you don't put old in because they're there for two years or three years. Right? You Are, you put in your own. I got, I got three most, a lot of judges. And It's just every day now that we are witnessing these serious cognitive issues from Donald Trump. Even just a couple days ago, if you remember, he did that bizarre town hall thing, whatever you wanna call it, in Pennsylvania with Christie Nome, where he only answered a couple questions, then played music and kind of stood there and waddled back and forth for like the entire time.


It was very strange. But when Donald Trump was answering questions and speaking to the crowd, he said things like this. He, he encouraged people, To, get out and vote on January 5th, the election's in November, watch this. It'll be, I'll tell you if everything works out, if everybody gets out and votes on January 5th or before, you know. Then of course there was this moment where he suggested that instead of answering questions, they just play some songs to close out the event. And then Christie Nome, the governor of South Dakota says, okay, do you wanna play the songs you were talking about? And Trump gets confused and says, what songs? What are you talking about? And Christie Nome has to speak to him as if she's like a nurse speaking to a patient at a mental facility and lets him know, remember Donald, you said you wanted to play a song, watch this, But we'll listen to a couple of songs if you want.


And that's okay with me. I like it. So we'll do that. We'll do those songs that we had mentioned, Justin. And if Justin doesn't get it right, he gets fired olfactory. Anyway, go ahead, please. Yep. Well, sir, do you wanna play your song and then greet a few people? Or do you wanna, which, well, you had said you wanted to close with a specific song. Oh, and one of the indicators of how terrible a Trump event goes is how hard his staff tries to kind of rewrite history and gaslight the public. So we saw Donald Trump's aid, Stephen Miller, immediately take to social media to say that it was like the greatest thing ever. That what we just, what I just showed you was Donald Trump at his best.


Well maybe it was Donald Trump at his best, but that it was the most brilliant thing that anybody's ever seen. Stephen Miller wrote on social media. Trump's Bloomberg interview at the Economic Club of Chicago was the greatest live interview of any political leader or politician has done on the economy in our lifetimes period. Stephen Chung, Donald Trump's spokesperson, who is recently devoted, he wrote, president Trump is at peak level at the Economic Club of Chicago. He's laying out common sense economic proposals that will spur American growth and create more jobs. And the crowd is clapping and agreeing big league. And after the disastrous town hall the other night, he was saying the same sorts of things. He said, total love fest at the Pennsylvania Town Hall.


Everyone was so excited. They were fainting PE and people were passing out because Donald Trump refused to turn on the air conditioning in the building. So Donald Trump turned to music. Nobody wanted to leave and wanted to hear more songs from the famous DJ JT Spotify playlist. And then he wrote something very special is happening in Pennsylvania right now at the Trump Town Hall. Trump is unlike any politician in history and it's great. And these are the kind of comments that would make North Korean propagandist blush quite frankly. And what else was Donald Trump doing aside from whatever the heck that was? Donald Trump was hawking his new cryptocurrency grift, encouraging people to basically give him their life savings to this new crypto operation that he is running.


I'm gonna say probably not the best idea, but Maga you do you And what was Vice President Kamala Harris doing? Kamala Harris was doing a live town hall with Charlemagne. The God actually speaking about policy and answering questions coherently. And one of the questions that Charlemagne had asked Vice President Harris was that he basically said, you know, there's been a criticism that you like to stick to your talking points. Vice President Harris says, yeah, that's called discipline. Watch this Now. You know, one thing they've been saying, A lot of your press hits get criticized. You know, folks say you come off as very scripted. They say you like to stick to your talking points and some media says you have, that would be called discipline. Ooh.


Okay, speak to that. But go on. No, I I was Say,


Hey everyone, as you know, I'm a dad. So let's talk about something that's really important that most people don't realize. Like, did you know there actually aren't any requirements for baby food companies to test their products for chemical contaminants? 93% of parents are concerned about the presence of toxic levels of heavy metals in baby food. And 95% of parents believe the US needs to raise its standards when it comes to baby food safety. There have been tons of headlines recently unveiling the lack of regulation on baby food in the us while the European Union has extremely strict standards. Little Spoon, the company known for changing the game for baby toddler and big kid foods is disrupting the baby food industry. Again, with radical transparency when it comes to baby food, Little Spoon is the first and only food brand in the US to set strict limits for more than 500 toxins and contaminants based on the best in class EU standards. And if their products don't meet these standards, they won't sell it. It's that simple peace of mind delivered. They surveyed 2000 parents across the country so they could understand what parents are most concerned about and help provide peace of mind for their customers. And wow, did they deliver? Look, trust me, I use Little Spoon with Elijah all the time, my son and he absolutely loves it. I know your kid will love it too. America has literally never seen baby food. This transparent. You can see all of little spoons, baby food safety standards in detail and shop their products for babies, toddlers, and big kids on Little Spoon dot com. Get 30% off your first order if you go to Little Spoon dot com slash midas and enter our code Midas at checkout to save 30% off your first order. That's Little Spoon dot com slash midas to save 30% off.


Yeah, it's like Donald Trump rambles so much that people forget that politicians are actually supposed to be able to have coherent answers and stick to their policies and not veer off speaking about Hannibal Lecter or sharks and batteries and electricity or whatever the heck you're talking about. Like this is actually how you're supposed to be on the world stage. Great answer there by Vice President Kamala Harris here, vice President Harris speaks about how Trump is weak. Watch this. And again, you know, the, here's Charlemagne, one of the things that I think is really ironic, but at play, Donald Trump through his, his, his way of trying to name call and demean and divide, tries to project as though those things are a sign of strength, when in fact the man is really quite weak.


He's weak. It's a sign of weakness that you wanna please dictators and seek their flattery and favor. It's a sign of weakness that you would demean America's military and America's service members. It's a sign of weakness that you don't have the courage to stand up for the constitution of the United States and the principles upon which it stands, this man is weak and he's unfit. Mm. Vice President Harris also brought up the fact that during the height of Covid, as people were struggling for resources and To get tests, that Donald Trump secretly sent our covid tests to Vladimir Putin, watch this Or not, there is so much at stake whether America's gonna stand on its principles around the importance of sovereignty and territorial integrity and stand with our allies around the world, or whether we're gonna admire dictators and send during the height of covid in the pandemic COVD tests that nobody could get to the president of Russia for his personal use when black people were dying every day by the hundreds during that time.


Yeah, I feel like that one, that one has gone over people's heads. The fact that he was sending covid test to Putin. I mean, you know, I invite, I don't your listeners, the people we know, the number of people who lost their grandparents and parents remember what that was like during the height of covid and a lot of it people were scrambling for the resources and needed tests. And Donald Trump during that time secretly sent c tests to the president of Russia. Who by the way, do not forget in the 2016 election, 'cause I was a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee when we, when we investigated it, targeted black voters in 2016 with missing and disinformation to discourage black people from voting in that election.


And, and this is just another of the very many examples of who Donald Trump really is. Yes. And the danger he presents Yes. To Real people sending Covid test to Russia. That doesn't sound very America first at all, but, but it's not Vice President Harris also broke down her detailed policy plan to help black Americans watch this. We have done the work in the last four years of bringing down the cost of prescription medication, whether it be $35 A month for seniors for, for insulin or $2,000 a year cap on prescription medication. What we have done that has been about putting $17 billion in our HBCUs, I am proud to be the first HBCU Vice President of the United States.


I intend to be the first HBCU president okay. Of the United States. Those resources are about sending them to centers of academic excellence that I know them to be. The work that I continue to do is about increasing access to capital for our small businesses. It is about increasing the opportunity for home ownership, knowing that black people are 40% less likely to be homeowners in America. We have a history of legal and, and, and procedural obstacles to that home ownership, starting with the fact nobody got 40 acres and a mule to redlining, to, to issues that this Detroit area and people around the country know to be real. So part of my plan is that we're gonna give people a $25,000 down payment assistance To, get their foot in the door to buy a home for first time home buyers.


The work that I'm gonna do to increase housing supply in America, knowing that that's one of the reasons that rents and housing prices are jacked up. And to work with the private sector, cut through the red tape and work to build more housing. 3 million before the end of my first term. But, and I give these examples and there are many more which I will offer. So for example, the work that I will do to extend the child tax credit to $6,000 for young families during the first year of their child's life. 'cause as you and I both know, our families all have a natural desire to parent their children well, but not always the resources. So by expanding the child tax credit to the first year of a child's life to $6,000, that gives that young family the ability to buy a car seat or a crib or clothes, the things that are so important during that critical phase of that child's development so that they can get on the road and actually have a chance at succeeding.


And Governor Walls was also speaking in rural Pennsylvania and he was speaking about Donald Trump's health issues and he was saying it would be funny if he weren't running for president, but this is some scary stuff. Watch Now, I don't know if you saw last night we were having a town hall and he got asked about healthcare and childcare and, and didn't answer those. And then he spent 30 minutes standing on stage listening to music in front of this. So I, I'm gonna be the first to say this. It is pretty funny stuff. If he didn't wanna be president of the United States, it's pretty funny stuff. If he weren't gonna try and deny women their reproductive rights, it it, it's pretty funny stuff If he wasn't gonna try and rip healthcare away from all of us with the a CA or if he wasn't threatening us in different ways.


So look, Meanwhile, Tuesday was the first day of early voting in the state of Georgia. And records are already being set. More than 300,000 Georgians have already cast their ballots. On the first day of early, early voting obliterating the previous record, which was in 2020, which was around 130,000 votes on the first day of early voting. This is very big news. There's a lot of enthusiasm for this race and I love to see that Americans are going to the polls. Greg Bluestein, who is a reporter for the Atlanta Journal Constitution, he had an opportunity to interview some of the folks who were coming out of polling places. And so I wanna read you some of the interactions that he had. He writes here, angel Barry, a 48-year-old human resources manager, voted early for Kamala Harris in Gwinnett County.


She said, I don't know that we can do another four years of Trump with his divisiveness and separating the country. Well said Greg Blustein also spoke with Chris Rauch, a painting and carpentry contractor in middle Georgia. He was among the first voters to cast a ballot in Bibb County and he voted for Harris. He said in part because quote, I don't want an authoritarian government freedom is important to me. Greg Bluestein also spoke to this Trump supporter, Richard Mullis, who is a retired barber. He voted for Donald Trump in North Macon precinct. And he said, the Democrats are so desperate, I think they'll do absolutely anything and everything to hold onto power because those people are so power hungry.


It's always so much projection when you speak to the Trump people. Here is Monica Javia. She said she proudly voted for Kamala Harris in Cobb County saying, quote, I am tired of our country being divided by politics and I'm excited to see a woman make history. A woman who looks like me and my daughters. Thank you for sharing Monica. Now this is another clip that has been making the rounds and I really wanna show this to you because it's absolutely incredible. CNN went into the most pro-Trump County in Georgia. And these two voters spoke about why they refused to vote for Donald Trump and why they're voting for Vice President Harris. Watch this. Thank you. I have voted Republican, you know? Yeah.


I vote for the man. I don't vote for the party. So They just, so what are your thoughts on the election? What are my thoughts on the What on the election? Ain't much to think about it. Well, who are you gonna vote for? Right person. Well, who? You sent the right person. I don't wanna be Donald Trump. Okay, tell me why. Last time you saw him talking, did you watch his lips? Were they moving? He's lying. All right, well, so Mr. Wilson here was telling us that January 6th was a big disqualifier for him. Well, should have been. What? How do you feel about that? I feel about it like he's anti-American.


He's trying to overthrow our government. And so are you thinking about voting for Harris? Yeah, I have to or not vote. He's the only Trump with him other than Trump. Yeah. If Quarter run, I vote for him. And I also have to show you what is happening in Texas. Last night, Colin Allred, the Democratic representative, faced off against Senator Ted Cruz for the Texas US Senate race. And Colin Allred absolutely wiped the floor with Ted Cruz. We're gonna do a longer piece on this to make sure that you were able to see every moment that happened at this debate, because it was quite the sight to see Colin Allred did amazing. But I wanna show you this very powerful moment from Colin Allred.


First watch Senator Thatcher time Congressman, 90 seconds for a response. Listen, it's time to finally tell the truth here. Senator Cruz just looked into a camera and lied to Texans about my position. Let's be very clear, you should look into the camera and speak to Kate Cox who's watching right now, and explain to her why you said that this law that you said is perfectly reasonable. Why she was forced to leave her two children behind and flee our state, To, get the care that she needed, or look into the camera and talk to Amanda Roski, who's watching right now, and explain to her why it's perfectly reasonable that because she had a complication in her pregnancy and was denied care so long that she may never be able to have children of her own. Or to the 26,000 Texas women who've been forced to give birth to their rapist child under this law that you called.


Perfectly reasonable. It's not. This is not freedom. I trust Texas women to make their own healthcare decisions. You know, Allie and I have had two boy baby boys here in Dallas in the last five years. You're scared the entire time. You don't know what they're gonna say. But I can't imagine if the doctor come in said there's a problem with the baby or a problem with Allie, but there's nothing I can do because Ted Cruz thinks he knows better. That's not who we are as Texans. When I'm the United States Senate, we'll restore a woman's right to choose. We'll make Roe v. Wade the law of the land again, and we'll make these stories of seeing these horrific experiences going on all over our state, something of the past. That's my commitment to Texans.


Congressman Colin Allred is a very special politician. That was a fantastic answer and he did great all night long. Folks. We're in the home stretch here, 2024 election, and it's already shaping up to be very special. I love the enthusiasm that we are seeing on the ground. I'm loving to see these early voting numbers. So many people going to the polls, making their voices heard, and Donald Trump is going to continue to spin out over these next few weeks. He really is his own worst enemy at these things. So what do we have to do? Stay focused and fighting for our democracy. One way to do that, vote the most important way, vote, vote, vote. If you could still register to vote, register to vote@vote.org. You could go there. It will tell you how. Make sure your friends and family are registered to vote and make sure your friends and family also get their ballots in.


And if you could vote early, vote early. Trust me, it helps the get out the vote operations. Also subscribe to this channel, subscribe to Midas Touch and help us get to 3.5 million subscribers. If you're already subscribed, hit that notification bill. You'll get alerted anytime we post a new video. Okay? Thank you so much for watching. I really appreciate it. I'll see you soon. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.