
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck T, what do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


As usual, Donald Trump's been attacking judges on his social media platform and attacking political opponents, calling them communists leftists spreading conspiracy theories and lies. But this morning, Donald Trump was handed yet another stunning rebuke from overseas. The election results are in from Australia. The current prime minister, Anthony Albe, from the Labor Party, which is their liberal party in Australia, is not just gonna go on to win the elections in Australia. He has trounced their right wing party, their conservative, far right leaning party, which is called the Liberal Party in Australia.


Just to make it a little more confusing. And not only that, the Tim Trump candidate who leads the liberal party, again liberal in Australia means the Conservative party. I just wanna make that clear. A guy by the name of Peter Dutton lost his seat in Dixon the same way. Pierre Pev T Mo Trump in Canada lost his riding in the elections in Canada, where the liberal party in Canada, which is actually the liberal party, went on to form a minority government. Prime minister. Mark Kearney, the liberal party leader, went on to win there. Similar results we're seeing right in Canada and Australia, where If you look back just a few months ago, the right wing MAGA styled parties that used the language like woke this, woke that enemy of the people, the news, all the Trump stuff, those parties were leading.


And then in a stark reversal, the left parties, the pro-democracy parties went on to win. It's now officially being reported. Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albani has been reelected as his labor party surged to victory, projected to form a a majority government in Australia and in a historic first opposition leader Timus Trump, Peter Dutton often likened to Trump. Hence Timus Trump lost his own seat in Dixon. Let's check in right now with the victory speech from Prime Minister of Australia, Anthony Albani. And in this speech, he makes a powerful call to action for Australians to also feel proud about being Australia and to look to itself for strength and not to imitate, not to copy, not to try to ever be like the MAGA virus that has infected parts of the United States.


Here play this clip. My fellow Australians, serving as your prime minister is the greatest honor of my life. And it is with a deep sense of humility and a profound sense of responsibility that the first thing that I do tonight is to say thank you to the people of Australia for the chance to continue to serve the best nation on earth.


Today, the Australian people have voted for Australian values, for fairness, aspiration, and opportunity for all, for the strength to show courage and adversity and kindness to those in need. Yes, In this time of global uncertainty, Australians have chosen optimism and determination. Australians have chosen to face global challenges the Australian way, looking after each other while building for the future.


Let's be real. Doing laundry kind of sucks, but you know, it doesn't smelling amazing. That's why I'm obsessed with laundry sauce, the world's best smelling laundry pods. No more clothes that smell stale and gross. Now I step out in Australian sandalwood. Let me tell you, people notice compliments on my laundry. Never thought that would happen. And it's not just about the scent. These pods are four times concentrated with serious cleaning power. They tackle stains or vibe, fabrics and leave everything smelling like a high end cologne. Oh, and if you're into fresh, clean vibes, their new Oregon mint scent is a game changer. I literally just started a load of wash right before I recorded this with that one. It's so convenient and such high quality. What else can you ask for? Well, actually, how about this? If you put your new luxury laundry obsession on autopilot, you save an extra 15 to 20% off every order when you subscribe. And you could start right now with your first one because right now you get 20% off your entire order at laundry sauce.com with code Midas 20. That's laundry sauce.com code Midas 20 M-E-I-D-A-S two zero. And after you order, tell them we sent you smell good, look good, feel good with laundry sauce.


Yeah, It's just stunning again, right? Because If you take a look at the polling in Canada where the conservative party was leading in Canada a few months back, and then all of a sudden the liberal party in Canada led by Prime Minister Mark Hardy shot up. Same thing we're seeing in Australia. And this is described simply as the Trump effect, Australia, Canada. We're gonna see elections elsewhere soon as well. They're seeing what went down in the United States. They're seeing Trump and Musk and the wrecking ball as they've destroyed what used to be the world's strongest economy. And these other countries are saying, not now, not ever.


We need to protect our democracies here. We're rejecting the Tim Trump, the Timo MAGA style candidates and politicians here. Bye-bye Pierre Pev. Bye-bye Peter Dutton. Although a footnote to that, and this is what a loser Pierre Pev is, he basically forced out another conservative member from the conservative members riding in Alberta, which is nowhere near where Pierre PO's riding is when Pierre Pev lost his election. So Pev basically stole the seed of another conservative member because still wants to be in parliament and the other member forfeited it to him. I mean, really embarrassing stuff, but that's a MAGA mentality.


They just can't accept a loss right there. Alright, bringing things back to domestic affairs here in the United States this morning as well. We're hearing more about a dire situation on the ports. How long have I been talking about the ports here on the Midas Touch Network? We've been talking about freight volumes, right? We've been talking about trucking volumes here, and I think it's very important. 'cause you can track how this tariff war, trade war, disastrous liberation day, which is really depression day, recession day, liquidation day, whatever you want to call it, how it has harmed trade into the United States. Remember, we've been following the ports of Seattle, the ports of Long Beach in Los Angeles.


We've been following the ports in Boston. I want you to hear this morning from the head of the port of Los Angeles, what he is seeing here, play this clip. Just describe for us, let's take a beat, really frame it for us, how much volume has just dropped off over the last few weeks? Yeah, About a third of the import volume, which means give or take, about 50,000, 20 foot equivalent units gone off the arrivals coming in next week From, from next week is when you expect to see this really hit. That's correct. And that matches up the announcements back on April 2nd. Then on April 8th, a little bit of a change on everybody. X, China, Mexico, Canada, and those arrivals are coming at us this weekend. We'll of course dedicate time to your port, but I'm just wondering how you are anticipating this rolls and ripples through the economy from here, how it hits trucking when this turns up on the shelf.


What's the distance, the time from when you see a drop off in volume? And when we as consumers see the shortages, Right? So CEOs are telling me, hit the pause button, right? I'm not gonna input any more at these kind of prices. Let's wait and see. I don't know if it's gonna be two hours, two days, or two weeks till I get some clarity. Then hiring off the table for right now, capital investment pause. And the retailers are telling me that realistically with every, even the 10%, I'm gonna have to pass it on to the consumers. So, So how much is this really coming from all over? It's not just about China. This is about really global trade coming to a standstill until there is a much greater degree of certainty and a much lower tariff rate than even the baseline that's been put out there.


Yeah, when I was last with you all, Lisa, I said, global trade's gonna slow, economies will follow. And that's exactly what we're seeing back in November. So many of us were wring our hands about 4% inflation. We've just added 10 percentage points of imports coming outta Southeast Asia for our port and these unbelievable numbers out of China. How much? Now that's just facts. I want to bring you the facts here, And that is very dangerous. I mean, I've been, I've been describing it like this. Remember with Covid, Donald Trump said like a miracle, it's all going to go away. Don't worry, there's seven cases, but the cases are gonna disappear. It's never gonna hit our shores. And then the lie started and inject bleach, then they blame Dr. Fauci.


He's doing that again with his, with this disastrous trade war thing that he's doing right here over and over again. I say, when is there going to be that Tom Hanks moment? Remember Tom Hanks got covid and everyone was like, oh crap, I guess this thing is real. There's going to be a moment. Is that five days? Is it 10 days when things aren't on the shelf? And then Americans are like, whoa, whoa, whoa. And I'm like, yeah, we've been warning you here on the Midas Touch Network talking about other domestic affairs, dog killer Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome was making her rounds on state regime media known as Fox this morning. She was saying that Abrego Garcia's wife is lying, that she wants her husband back from the concentration camp in El Salvador.


This is how sick these MAGA vile pieces of trash are. I mean, how, how else can I describe it? Christy Nome is saying that a Borgo Garcia's wife prefers her husband to be in a concentration camp in El Salvador. He has no criminal history. He's got three kids, three American kids. She's an American woman living in Maryland. Abrego Garcia worked for a union. He had a work permit given to him by the Trump administration in 2019. And here, Christie Nome says that, well, she goes, I just, she goes, I think Abrego Garcia's wife is an abuse victim and I know victims and as a victim, she says she wants her husband back, but she doesn't want her husband back.


She's better off with him in the concentration camp. You think she didn't say that? Here's Well, you're like, I'm sure Christy Nom says that. I mean, these are vile people. Here's what Christie no said, let's play the clip. Yeah, absolutely. And that's what I'm concerned about. What she's saying today is, is is she still scared so many people and victims I've worked with over the years, you know, they say one thing in public great because they have to, to survive or to protect their children. So I wouldn't say that you know what she's saying today is how she really feels. I think She, now I wanna show you this as well, because you remember, was it last week where Donald Trump was lying and saying that Warren Buffet, this is what Trump posted. Remember Trump wrote, Warren Buffet supports, or, or, or help Donald Trump come up with the plan to tank the markets in order to rebuild better, to cause pain and suffering and destroy people's lives?


Donald Trump actually made a video like this and said, Warren Buffet endorsed this plan. Warren Buffet and Berkshire Hathaway was two weeks ago, had to come out with a statement and said, we what? We don't know what this is. We don't endorse this plan, we don't like it. Warren Buffet was speaking though earlier, and Warren Buffet said, trade should not be used as a weapon. Okay, the oracle of Omaha right here is making it very clear. What the hell are we doing? So maybe you don't wanna listen to me, maybe you don't wanna listen to the head of the Port of Long Beach or Los Angeles. We wanna listen to Warren Buffett. I could give you more data points here this morning as well. Play this clip. No Question. The trade, trade can be an act of war and, and I think it's led to bad things, just the attitudes it's brought out in the United States.


I mean, we should be looking to trade with the rest of the world And we should do what we do best and they should do what they do best. And I don't think it, that's, that's what we did originally. I mean, we were gonna producing tobacco and cotton 250 years ago And we, And we traded it, and we want a prosperous world with eight countries with nuclear weapons, including a few that are what I would call quite unstable.


I do not think it's a great idea to try and design a world where a few countries say, ha ha ha, we've won. And other countries are envious. So Now this morning as well, or I should say yesterday, Donald Trump last night, Donald Trump was posting AI images of him as the Pope. That's what Donald Trump was doing. Again, I think just like being incredibly offensive to the Catholic community. I mean, what is this? He's posting AI images as of himself as the Pope. By the way, after Lindsey Graham made a serious, this is real.


Lindsey Graham made a serious post saying that he thinks that Donald Trump should be considered to become the next pope. And then Donald Trump said he would like to be the pope. He made public statements. I I, I barely got any attention. You know, we covered it here on the Midas Touch Network. I mean, you see Lindsey Graham's post right there. Finally, you have, in addition to Donald Trump posting AI images of himself as the Pope, you've got Pete Hegseth posting cartoons of himself holding swords that say budget cuts. Even though they're now making the new defense budget $1 trillion, it's gonna be significantly more, the deficit's gonna go significantly higher.


Donald Trump has announced that he is doing a parade. He's on his birthday, he wants to do a military parade. 6,006,000 soldiers, 50 helicopters. He's gonna have jets flying o over over in the sky. It's gonna cost like a hundred million dollars for Donald Trump's one day birthday on the taxpayer dime so he can look like Kim Jong-un with a military parade in Washington dc. Are you absolutely kidding me? I wanna leave you with this. Donald Trump got another strong rebuke in federal court when a federal judge from Washington DC Judge Beryl Howell granted a permanent injunction and granted summary judgment in favor of a law firm called Perkins Cooey against Donald Trump, for Donald Trump's patently unlawful orders attacking the law firms.


And here's, let me read you a portion from the order from Judge Beryl Howell. Only when lawyers make the choice to challenge rather than back down when confronted with government action raising non-trivial constitutional issues, can a case be brought to court for judicial review of the legal merits, as was done in this case by plaintiff Perkins EY, LLP, plaintiff's Counsel Williams and Connolly, and the lawyers, firms, organizations, and individuals who submitted amicus briefs in this case, if the founding history of this country is any guide, those who stood up in court to vindicate constitutional rights and by and by. So doing serve to promote the rule of law will be the models lauded when this period of American history is written, be on the right side of history.


And it is such a great thing to see Australia seeing what's going on Canada, seeing what's going on in Australia. It's the Midas mate or the Midas down under in Canada. It's Maple Midas. Tell me how you want Midas to be described in your country, wherever you are from as well. But congratulations Australia for showing the world how to do it Canada for showing the world how to do it. Standing up to the vile, gangster piece of trash. That is Donald Trump great work. I'm Ben maus. This is the Midas Touch Network. Help us get to 5 million subscribers and have a wonderful day. New Midas merch drop.


Check out the latest pro democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store dot Midas touch com.


American Giant makes great clothing sweatshirts, jeans, and more right here in the us. Visit american giant.com and get 20% off your first order with code Staple 20. That's 20% off your first order@american-giant.com. Code staple 20.