
Donald Trump just finished a disastrous speech Friday night in Las Vegas before a very tiny crowd before getting into the content of the speech, if you even want to call it that, let me show you what the tiny crowd size looked like. Play the clip. This entire venue only holds about two to 3000 people. Look at this. Look at how small this venue is. This is it about 3000 people at holds. That's it. Let's talk about what Donald Trump said during the speech. Here. Let's play this clip.


Sorry about that. Did she get the questions? Did you think so? I hear she got the questions and I also heard she had something in the ear. Little something in the ear. No, Kamala, do this. Say it this way, Kamala. Okay. Be quiet. Too many people watch. Yeah. Donald Trump was claiming during the speech that Vice President Kamala Harris was getting the questions fed to her in advance via her earrings, which had some device in it, giving her the questions, look, that's absolutely false. Beyond unhinged. That was something being spread by Donald Trump's top surrogate, Laura Loomer, who's become really prominent in Donald Trump's campaign.


Then Donald Trump brings on stage a right wing podcaster, known as the Nel Boys, who says that there shouldn't be taxes on a nicotine product called Zi, which are nicotine pouches. Very dangerous, very addictive. Play the clip. One more thing. I know it's passionate about Governor Tim Walsh. He put a 95% tax on Z. We gotta get that removed. President Trump, What in the world is even going on here? Then Donald Trump starts calling Kamala Harris. Kabala play the clip. Hey, is Wiz Harris? They know Kamala. They know Kabala.


That was the nickname I used for a while, but I don't use it anymore because everyone thought I was just mispronouncing her name. I wasn't bla, but no comrade is. We're dealing with a petulant little third grade child, no offense to petulant third grade child. Then Donald Trump claims that he was being fact-checked improperly by the moderators, play the clip Meanwhile. Every time they interfered to fact check me, it turned out that they were wrong and Trump was right. Donald. Trump then continues to spread dangerous lies about the Haitian migrant community taking over Springfield, Ohio.


This is 100% false. The mayor says it's false. The Republican governor says it's false. Just an absolute lie. Play the clip, And I'm angry about illegal Haitian migrants taking over Springfield, Ohio. You see that, And again, there has been death threats to the Haitian community. The city hall had to be shut down. Schools had to be shut down over lies like this. Even though Donald Trump is whining and saying that debate was rigged, he also claims that he won and that it was absolute victory. Play the clip. As you all saw three months ago, we had a monumental victory.


We had a beautiful victory three months ago, and then a couple of nights ago we had it even better victory. We took her on comrade Kamala Harris. We took her on and we did really well. Every poll had us up like 90, 92, 87, we had a, we actually had 1 92 to six, which sounds about right because now today Rassmuson just came up and we were six points up, so that's pretty good. We dismantled her terrible record.


We exposed her radical liberal agenda, and we laid out our plans to quite simply make America great again. Then Donald Trump gets more xenophobic and starts attacking the Venezuelan community. Play the clip. The Venezuelans have big eight k 47 Supremes. There's a supreme. Where the hell do they get these guns? Our soldiers can't get these guns.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made on my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas. Try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today, and whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one. If you order today, you can save up to 40%, and if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Donald Trump then starts talking about Vice President Kamala Harris working at McDonald's. Let's play it. Everything is a lie, including the fact that she never worked at McDonald's. She lied about that too. In one of the ultimate forms of projection, Donald Trump attacks, vice presidents, Kamala Harris' running mate, governor Walls play the clip. But I was very happy because I got the endorsement of the Vice President's family and I got the endorsement of the Vice President's brother and even sent me a contribution and, and I was very happy because Barack Hussein Obama, his brother, as you know, endorsed me.


So Noah's brother endorsed me. Donald Trump points to his head and says, somebody sick brain play it. Yesterday They announced, yes, it was a slip up, 818,000 because their job numbers were looking like, you know, where the hell did all those jobs come from? You know where they came from? Somebody's sick brain. That's where they came from. More xenophobia from Donald. Trump saying that the country's being invaded right now. Play it Under Kamala Harris and the Communist left. Our country is under invasion. We are under invasion just like it was an army, except in many ways it's more difficult because they don't wear a uniform. You don't know who the hell to go after.


He says he doesn't want to be called President anymore. Well, you're not. He says he wants to be called Mr. Border. Play the clip, And I only wanna be addressed no longer is Mr. President, Mr. Border President, sir. Here he tries to attack New York Times and Venezuelan prison gangs and breeds the teleprompter. Wrong play it. The Fairly New York Times today reports this vicious Venezuela prison gang is quote sncc. It's sneaked. He then talks about having to liberate the country and liberate Aurora, Colorado.


This is another right wing conspiracy that Laura Loomer, Donald Trump and others have spread that Venezuela and gangs have taken over all of Aurora and taken over these buildings. The Aurora mayor, Denver Mayor says, this is false, but play it. We will deploy ice DHS and other federal officials to go in and liberate Aurora. We're gonna, can you believe I'm saying this? Can you believe I have to say this? We are going to liberate parts of our country. Let's go back another 300 years. We are going to liberate our country. Did you ever think I would be standing here? It's a hell of a way to get elected. The Only, by the way, this is the same playbook Donald Trump always uses.


Remember back four years ago when he wrote Liberate Michigan in event that Donald Trump attacks the Washington Post. Let's play it. How the hell did we allow this to happen to our country? Likewise, the New York Times, or as I call it, the failing New York Times, it's a failing paper. Washington Post is a failing paper. Will you fail already? Just get, get out. There's such phonies. If the New York Times writes a story about you just go the opposite. If you go the exact opposite, it'll be very accurate. The failing New York Times today reports this vicious Venezuela prison gang. It's quote sncc.


It's sneaked. Then Donald Trump says that nobody cares about the environment and no one talks about the environment anymore, which is false. Listen to this, very important, I think you haven't heard the word environment in seven months. You know why? It doesn't play. It doesn't play. We want clean air. We want crystal clear water, beautiful water, and we want an unbelievable country, and we want an economy that's better than it's ever been before. Then he lies and says, vice President Kamala Harris is bringing back the draft. I mean, just literally everything this individual says is just like an absolute lie. Play the Chord. Anybody like to be drafted in the audience because that's what they're doing.


She's already talking about bringing back the draft. She wants to bring back the draft and draft your child and put 'em in a war. That should never have happened. Remember? And then finally, Donald Trump says he won't be using the word joy anymore during his speech. Play this clip. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive and every day we will be filled. You know the word they used with joy, so I'm not gonna use that word if you don't mind, but opportunity and hope. We're gonna be filled with ambition. We're gonna go out and love getting up every morning and going to work and making a lot of money. I don't even know what that was. I, I mean, I, again, I just don't even know what it is that that is. It's not a normal campaign speech.


It's beyond unhinged and bizarre. It's the furthest thing from presidential. It's, it's, it's actually sad for all of America to watch that. Any event, make sure you're registered to vote and make sure your family members are hit. Subscribe. Get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.