
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


So Trump is doing it again. He's throwing his DOJ lawyers under the bus. These DOJ lawyers really need to be careful 'cause they may find themselves losing their bar license soon. Getting disciplined, getting sanctioned, and just having their reputations tarnished as Donald Trump doesn't give a crap about them. They're like cannon fodder for him. You know, when you look at this recent New York Times Sienna poll that analyzed the issue of a lot of issues, but also how American people feel about Abrego Garcia. Donald Trump's 21 points underwater. He's negative 21. Only 31% of Americans approve of the way Trump is dealing with the Abrego Garcia situation by defying Supreme Court orders to facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia.


So Trump was asked about Abrego Garcia in this recent Time Magazine interview and the Time Magazine interviewer said, you know, are you aware that you're defying the court order? It was a nine to zero decision saying, facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia. The Time Magazine reporter then read from the Supreme Court's order and from the lower court's order. And then Donald Trump's response was, I leave that to my lawyers, I give them no instruction. And then he says that his lawyers actually told him something very different about what the ruling said. He said that my lawyers did not say that.


That's what the ruling said. And I rely on what my lawyers ultimately tell me to do. Here's just the questioning. You committed to complying with all Supreme Court orders. Yeah. When you and I last spoke in April, are you still committed to complying with the Supreme Court orders? Sure. I believe in the court system, the Supreme Court ruled nine to zero that you have to bring Abrego Garcia back. You haven't done so. So aren't you disobeying the Supreme Court? Well, that's not what my people told me referring to as lawyers. They didn't say it was, they said it was. They said it was nine to nothing or something entirely different. So then the reporter goes, okay, I'll quote from the ruling quote, the order properly requires the government to facilitate Abrego Garcia's release from custody in El Salvador.


Are you facilitating the re the release? What are you doing? And then Trump says, I leave that to my lawyers. I give them no instructions. They feel that the orders said something very much different from what they are saying. But I leave that to my lawyers if they want. And that would be the Attorney General of the United States and the people that represent the country. I don't make that decision.


You all know how important sleep is to me. That's why I am obsessed with my Helix mattress. With everything going on in life from work to a demanding social schedule and more, it's incredibly important to me that I'm getting a good night of sleep every night. My wife could attest. We've had our Helix mattress for over two years now and our sleep quality has improved tremendously. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including the award-winning Lux collection, the newly released Helix Elite Collection, a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and even a mattress made just for kids. So how will you know which mattress works best for you and your body? Well take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. And your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. I took the Helix sleep quiz and I was matched with a Helix Sunset mattress. 'cause I want something that felt soft. And while I sleep on my side all night, the Helix Sunset is a complete upgrade for my previous mattress. And if my partner is tossing and turning all night, I don't even feel a thing. It is amazing. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Helix has also been awarded the number one mattress pick by GQ and Wired Magazine. It, it's even recommended by multiple leading chiropractors and doctors of sleep medicine as a go-to solution for improving your sleep. Helix is offering 25% Off Sitewide. If you go to Helix sleep.com/midas, that's Helix sleep.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now.


So what Trump is saying right here is that on their own, they're not taking direction from Trump And that they are choosing Trump's DOJ lawyers not to facilitate the return on their own. Essentially Trump's saying that if his lawyers told him something differently that you had to facilitate the return, he's basically like, well, I would do it. They're just not telling me that. Now we know that's not the case, right? I mean, we know intuitively that Donald Trump has told them what he wants them to do and they're following Trump's guidance. But he's throwing them out there right now to basically have their own bar licenses on the hook. Donald Trump then is asked by this Time Magazine reporter.


So have you asked Boo Kelly to return Abrego Garcia? And then Trump goes, I haven't. But he said he wouldn't. But question, did you ask him? I I haven't asked him positively, but he said he wouldn't. But if you haven't asked him, then how are you facilitating his release? Watch Trump's response. Well, because I haven't been asked by my attorneys to do that. Nobody asked me to ask him that question, except you. So Trump is saying that the first time he's ever heard that he was required to facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia was from this Time Magazine reporter and not from the DOJ Trump claims.


They told him nothing. You better believe that the lawyers for Abrego Garcia, who are sharp and smart lawyers, that they are gonna tell the judge that. By the way, there's something going on behind the scenes in the Abrego case that I'm sure we'll find out soon, because there's been a delay in the government's requirement to respond to discovery. So I think behind the scenes, if I am, it's hard for me to know. 'cause a lot of things are happening. What's called under seal, meaning it's happening confidentially to the public. I think there's some activity regarding abrego that's not being reported right now.


That's in the unders seal filing. 'cause it's the only reason why federal judge Zenni in Maryland would allow the Trump regime to have some delay in their turning over discovery. Then the reporter says, do you believe that Abrego Garcia deserves his day in court? And then Donald Trump does like some ranting and raving about a bunch of nonsense, and then the time reporter that goes, but look, Nazis got their day in court. Al-Qaeda terrorists got their day in court. Surely Abrego Garcia, who your first administration gave a work permit to in 2019, who's has no criminal history, who's been checking in with ice regularly every year to restore his work permit every year, or to renew his work permit every year, who's married to an American woman?


His three American children like this guy should have due process, right? And what does Trump say? I really give that to my lawyers to determine that's why I have them. That's not my determination. It's something that frankly bringing him back and retrying him wouldn't bother me. But I leave that to my lawyer. You could bring him back and you could retry him. You see what Trump is doing there? He's f he's good at two things. Fraud crime, which put them together and throwing people under the bus. And he does that there. Of course, we could retry him. And I think he also knows how underwater he is on the issue. So he's scapegoating his lawyers right there and the Time magazine reporter goes.


That's exactly right. You could fix this simply by bringing him back and going through the legal process. And what does Trump say? But I leave that decision to my lawyers at this moment. They don't want to do that. They say we're in total compliance with the Supreme Court. So it is a total throwing of the lawyers under the bus right there. And you see a pattern of this too. Remember a few weeks back when Trump was asked by a reporter, will you ask for the return of Abrego Garcia? Trump said, I must tell you, I'm gonna have to refer this to my, you are gonna have to speak to my lawyers. They're the ones I don't have anything to do with this Play this clip. Mr. Okay, Mr. Mr.


You have a great relationship with the president of El Salvador. Will you ask him to release a regular Garcia so that you could facilitate his return here to the United States? And do you believe he deserves due process here? Well, I must tell you, I have to refer again to the lawyers. I'll have to do what they asked me to do. I had heard that there were a lot of things about a certain gentleman. Perhaps it was that gentleman that would make that case be a case that's easily winnable on appeal. So we'll just have to see. I'm gonna have to respond to the lawyers. We're learning that there are now two deceased following that shooting Act. Or then Trump was asked, what about a judge who was issuing contempt, you know, criminal contempt against the behavior of your administration?


What are you gonna do when they go find people in contempt? Trump's like, ah, not my problem. Go speak to the lawyers here, play this clip. Are You trying to remove him? Mr. President, you Have question Mr. President Yesterday, judge Boberg and in a case against your, your administration. So the Constitution does not tolerate willful disobedience of judicial order. Do you agree with that statement? Well, you're gonna have to speak to the lawyers. We have great lawyers. I can tell you this. We're doing a fantastic job of getting criminals out of this country who Biden allowed into the country. Hundreds of thousands of criminals, murderers, and drug dealers. And I was elected because of the fact, I would say maybe that was the number one factor for a lot of reasons.


The economy, a lot of things. But one of the primary reasons I was elected is because I said, I'm gonna get the criminals that he allowed. I'm gonna get him out. And I got a lot of votes. Record setting numbers of votes. As you know, we won everything, the popular vote, all seven swing states. We won everything. And that's what the public wanted. And that's what I'm doing. But you'll have to speak to the lawyers because it's up to them. Now let me leave you with this. Earlier this week, judge Zenni made this ruling postponing discovery in the Abrego Garcia case for a week with the agreement of both sides.


As Kyle Cheney says, the reason is unclear, but it follows a sealed filing from the government. This am that follows Judge Zenni saying that your breaches Trump DOJ lawyers and not obeying my orders are willful and malicious. And she's setting up for contempt, criminal contempt, I think against the lawyers throwing the lawyers in jail. And by the way, Trump was asked in the Time Magazine interview, would you follow lower court rulings as well? And Donald Trump said that he would. So what do I think is happening? I think now these lawyers feel the pressure and they're like, Trump's throwing us under the bus.


So I think that they're actually, and you may call me naive, I think they may be actually trying to facilitate the return of a Bgo Garcia and fearing out a way to do it because they know that they're gonna be thrown under the bus. There was another ruling by a Trump a, a Trump appointed judge in Maryland. Judge Zenni is not Trump appointed another, but a Trump appointed Maryland district Court judge ordered another individual to be returned the same way Abrego has been ordered to be returned. So we're gonna see a lot of orders like this now because what's happened is groups like the A CLU and others have been filing in different jurisdictions and states pursuant to a prior Supreme Court ruling to get the return of these people.


So that's happening. So we're gonna, I think we're gonna see dozens of orders return this person return, that person return all. There's 200 plus people who are in the concentration camps in El Salvador now, I think. And so I think the Trump regime's trying to figure out how to backtrack this and save face as they're being thrown under the bus by Trump. You see it there. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Midas touch com.