
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, Just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads,


The world is recognizing how utterly weak and pathetic Donald Trump is. Donald Trump is caving with respect to the tariffs that he imposed on Mexico and Canada after he crashed the American economy and world economies. Donald Trump got a talking to by the big three auto manufacturers and Donald Trump said, can we do an auto manufacturing carve out Canada? To which Prime Minister Trudeau was like, do whatever you wanna do. We're gonna keep retaliatory tariffs until you stop putting us in this yo-yo cycle of abuse and taring us every 30 days. Do what you wanna do, Donald. We're gonna keep the retaliation going. Also, you have French President e Emmanuel Macron, delivering a powerful address to the people of France where he said, look, United States is basically done.


We need to lead Europe along with the UK and others. We need to create new security alliances. And we have to realize that Donald Trump is pretty much with Putin at this point, and we've got to realign America becoming isolated and weaker than ever. But what's Donald Trump doing? Well, here's what he's spending the day doing. You want your free Trump 2024 gold bar? Grab yours today. This is what's being posted with Donald Trump's name, image, and likeness on his social media platform. And by the way, Donald, it's also 2025. But to be clear, this is a free Trump gold bar as opposed to the Trump gold card where Russian oligarchs and Chinese oligarchs can buy citizenship into the United States for $5 million.


And If you just sold 10 million Trump gold cards and give citizenship to what 10 million oligarchs, you can make trillions of dollars quad trillions of dollars. By the way, take a look at how long it took these presidents to reach net negative approval ratings. Donald Trump's reached a net negative approval in 44 days, whereas it took former President Biden 224 days. It took Clinton 132 days, Obama 520 days. Yes, Donald Trump's approval is plummeting, plummeting, plummeting like the American economy. We now see headlines like this beware a recession that could be triggered by a chain reaction of tariff risk.


Wall Street executives say, you think Donald Trump crashing the economy and also crashing the lives of people who served our country so courageously, it seems that Donald Trump is focusing his attacks on marginalized groups on veterans. I mean, just take a look at this. The Trump administration is firing, as you know, thousands of veterans as well as the spouses of armed service members who work in the government. And Donald Trump. We now learn is planning on firing about 70,000 people who are part of the VA staff that serve veterans. And we previously reported that Donald Trump and Elon Musker basically gutting the entire Social Security administration.


Remember yesterday I played you an audio where the wait time was like hours and hours and hours just to try to get a human being on the call and then to process a disability application. They were saying it would take close to 300 days for it to even first be processed to potentially even get a contact back. Donald Trump destroying our national parks, Donald Trump destroying the Department of Labor, gutting the Department of Education, gutting our weather services, gutting all of the federal government every single day. But Donald Trump is blaming the fact that we're heading into a potential government shutdown on Democrats because Donald Trump just thinks that everybody's just so stupid that we'll just believe anything that he writes.


It's like 1984, right? Just they tell you what to believe and they tell you two plus two equals five and you believe it. So here's what Donald Trump posted yesterday evening. He goes, government funding runs out next week and Democrats are threatening to shut down the government. Can we pause there for a second? Donald? You control the executive branch. The House of Representatives is controlled by Republicans. The Senate is controlled by Republicans. You're blaming Democrats for th trying to shut down the government that, here's the thing, you can't normalize this behavior.


The level of lying here is stratospheric. Democrats don't control any branch of government. They don't control the executive. They don't control either E, either the House or the Senate in Congress. And Donald Trump's blaming the Democrats. Excuse me. So Trump goes, government funding runs out next week and Democrats are threatening to shut down the government. But I am working with the Great House Republicans on a continuing resolution to fund the government until September to give us some needed time to work on our agenda. Conservatives will love this bill because it sets us up to cut taxes and spending and reconciliation all while effectively freezing spending this year and allowing us to continue our work to make America great again.


Very important. Let's get the bill done. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski goes, Democrats have no power to shut down the government. Even when Republicans control the presidency, the House and the Senate, every legislative committee, they still try to blame Democrats for their failures. Pass your budget. Republicans, oh, sorry. You can't figure out how to do that. Pass your CR then. And you notice they're still using the budget from Nancy Pelosi back in 2022. So while they claim all of this fraud, all of these things that are going on, they're still using the budget when the Democrats were in power in the House of Representatives back from what, 2022 before the midterms?


Because Republicans have been unable to do their most basic function, which is to freaking pass a budget. Donald Trump then writes the following. He goes for anyone who is interested. I also told Governor Justin Trudeau of Canada, that he largely caused the problem we have with them because of his weak border policies, which allowed tremendous amounts of fentanyl and illegal aliens to pour into the United States from Canada. These policies are responsible for the death of many people. See, this is why even if the tariffs eventually become resolved, why Canadians are boycotting all things American. You're calling Canadians our closest ally before you.


Donald Trump took a wrecking ball to our alliances. You're calling them murderers. You're calling with the most peaceful people, murderers based on abject lies. It is utterly, utterly disgusting. And Donald Trump's saying this 'cause he got his, you know what handed to him by Prime Minister Trudeau, by the premieres of Canada like Doug Ford by the premier of Manitoba and others who said, you know what Donald? You wanna see our big beautiful laws that we're passing. We're banning all things American. We're taking American booze off of our shelf. We're taking American products off our shelf. You know, government procurement, no more for American companies, Donald.


Oh, and you're gonna send your commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick, that freaking snake oil salesman into Canada to say, can we please make a deal? The American economies are crashing. We weren't prepared for this even though Canadians, you prepared your people for a trade war. We just declare trade war. We don't know the ramifications here in the United States. And you know what Prime Minister Trudeau and the premiers of Canada said, go pound sand America. If you want to take away all of your tariffs, we'll take away our retaliatory tariffs, but do whatever you want. So you know what the United States does. Donald Trump caved right away. And Donald Trump said, okay, we're gonna remove the tariffs for the auto and maybe we'll remove the tariffs for agriculture.


The agriculture hasn't been removed yet. The auto has. Why? 'cause Trump's destroying all of these industries in the United States. But Trump's like, alright, 30 more days, let's do a 30 day extension, which by the way, is creating an absolute mess. Here's Donald Trump's trade advisor, Peter Navarro saying though Canada, it's been taken over by all of the Mexican cartels here. Play this clip. They're savers and, and, but I don't want to contribute to that. What I wanna say to every world leader who gets up in arms when all we're asking for is fairness and to have them stop killing our people is please listen to us. Canada could do a lot more. Canada has been taken over Brett, yeah, by Mexican cartels.


They bring up, they bring up these pill presses and printers and the medicines that they fake. You can't tell the difference. It's major problem pharma companies can you need a spectometry to do So? Utterly stupid. Then Donald Trump makes this post yesterday. He goes, Shalom, Hamas means hello and goodbye and also means peace. You can choose, release all of the hostages now, not later, and immediately return all of the dead bodies of the people you murdered. Or it's over for you. Hamas only sick and twisted. People keep bodies and you are sick and twisted. I am sending Israel everything it needs to finish the job.


Not a single Hamas member will be safe If you don't do, as I say, I have just met with your former hostages whose lives you have destroyed. This is your last warning, Hamas for the leadership. Now is the time to leave Gaza while you still have a chance also to the people of Gaza. A beautiful future awaits, but not If you hold hostages. If you do, you are dead. So he's just threatening all the people who live in Gaza make a smart decision. Release the hostages now, or there will be hell to pay later. Okay? This is different though than on what? February 10th when you threaten to unleash hell by the following Saturday, if all of the hostages weren't released and then you did nothing.


Or how about you rewind before that? How about on January 7th, 2025 from Mar-a-Lago, while you were golfing, you took a little break and Donald Trump said, this is January 7th, 2025. He said, if all of the hostages aren't released by the time he gets into office, 'cause remember by January 7th, that's before the inauguration. He goes, all hell will break loose January 7th, 2025 play. If those hostages aren't back, I don't wanna hurt your negotiation. If they're not back, by the time I get into office, all hell will break out in the Middle East. Can you elaborate? And it will not be good for Hamas and it will not be good frankly, for anyone. All hell will break out. I don't have to say anymore, but that's what it is.


Okay? Now here's February 10th, 2025 where he says that the following Saturday, all hell would break loose and he would unleash hell. The following Saturday was February 15th. Here's what Trump said on February 10th. Play it. As far as I'm concerned, if all of the hostages aren't returned by Saturday at 12 o'clock, I think it's an appropriate time. I would say cancel it. And all bets are off and let hell break out. I'd say they ought to be returned by 12 o'clock on Saturday. And if they're not returned, all of 'em not in drips and drabs, not two and one and three and four and two, Saturday at 12 o'clock.


And after that, I would say all hell is gonna break out. And I don't think they're gonna do it. I think a lot of them are dead. I think a lot of the hostages are dead. I think it's a great, it's a great human tragedy. What's, what's happened? How people can be that mean to do. I mean, the one guy was laughing when, when a hostages, he thought his, his family was alive, found out the family was dead. And they, his captor, so to speak, his captor started laughing because he thought it was so funny. You know, this is, this is a different group of people.


No, I would say Saturday at 12, we want 'em all back. I'm speaking for myself. Israel can override it, but from myself Saturday at 12 o'clock. And if they're not, if they're not here, all hell is gonna break out. Okay? And Donald Trump didn't unleash hell the same way Donald Trump has caved. He's caved on the trade wars. And because he's a weak and pathetic and the same way strong men know how to bully Donald Trump. I think one of the things that our allies, unfortunately ha are realizing is you just can't be nice to this vile, despicable, pathetic and weak person.


This reality huckster, you gotta treat him like the piece of crap that he is you. You can't treat him with respect If you treat him like crap. If you act like a strong man to him, he's a weak, pathetic little imbecile. And I think, you know, that's why Donald Trump looks up to strong men. He mistakes kindness and empathy and friendship and alliance for weakness when it's actually strength. 'cause he's such a pathetic little person who goes after what veterans he sends Alina Haba, Alina Haba, who like lost his cases and got sanctioned in federal court, who's now his top advisor. And she goes that veterans are not fit for their jobs at this moment.


Here's what she said, President, starting to think about maybe some of those veterans who worked for the federal government and maybe what the administration can do to at least help salvage their Lives. Well, as you know, we care about veterans tremendously. I, I mean that's something the president has always cared about. Anybody in blue, anybody that serves this country. But at the same time, we have taxpayer dollars. We have a fiscal responsibility to use taxpayer dollars to pay people that actually work. That doesn't mean that we forget our veterans by any means. We are going to care for them in the right way, but perhaps they're not fit to have a job at this moment or not willing to come to work. And we can't, you know, I wouldn't take money from you and pay somebody and say sorry. You know, they, they're not gonna come to work. It's just not acceptable. Oh, and by the way, did you see this news as a reporter from the Wall Street Journal, the US suspends costly deportation flights using military aircraft?


Okay, how about this headline, Trump administration ordered to reinstate thousands of fired United States Department of Agriculture workers. All of those probationary workers that were fired a blow to the Trump administration's effort to drastically and quickly shrink the federal bureaucracy. It could lay the groundwork for further rulings, reinstating tens of thousands of other probationary workers from whom the Trump administration fired. And basically the Merit Systems Board said, you unlawfully said that these probationary workers were fired for cause because they were fired without cause. You had to develop some sort of like plan to provide at least some notice to them, which you did not.


Oh, by the way, Hayden Haynes, the chief of Staff of House, speaker Maga, Mike Johnson was arrested late Tuesday night for drunken driving after his car struck a capital vehicle. Johnson's office confirmed the incident. And let me take a look at this. Oh, from Barron's? No, Mr. President. There aren't millions of dead 100 year olds collecting social security. I like this person's post dark Macron Emmanuel Macron assembling leaders throughout Europe. And we also saw Prime Minister Keo Starr do it. And Emmanuel Macron standing up to Donald Trump and basically saying, we have prepared a peace plan for Ukraine.


May not involve the United States. Europe is entering a new era. The threat from Russia extends to us all. Peace cannot be concluded on Russia's terms. We must prepare for the fact that the US will not be by our side. Peace cannot be signed in Washington or Moscow alone. You also had MAGA freaking out that Amy Coney Barrett and Chief Justice John Roberts sided with the liberal judges in a five to four decision by the Supreme Court yesterday against Donald Trump ordering that the billions of dollars in contracts that have already been made under U-S-A-I-D actually be paid so that like the food that's rotting and all of the, all of the services in these contracts, about 2 billion or so can be sent to where it belongs.


So a five to four decision with Amy Coney Barrett and Chief Justice Roberts, right Wing Justices and Amy Coney Barrett was appointed by Trump. So you have all these right wing influencers like she's a DEI, judge, DEI, judge, it's so ridiculous. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth Is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com All 100%. USA Union Made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.