
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please, for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What price they have my favorite brand, just like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I can buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you so.


It's another day of Donald Trump taking a vacation and golfing on the taxpayer dime and while golfing, he called Kristin Welker of NBC to boast and brag how he couldn't care less if prices go up, specifically auto company prices going up for your cars and supplies as a result of his 25% tariffs. He says that he's told the automakers, congratulations. This is great for everybody that prices are going to go up. Also in the same demented interview with NBC, Donald Trump said, we will get Greenland.


Yeah, 100% we're going to get it. And we are not ruling out military force against Greenland to take it. Now this follows, of course, JD Vance going into Greenland where no Greenlanders wanted him anywhere near their homes. So JD Vance and Usha Vance had to stay at a military base base because they weren't welcome. And then JD Vance said the following, I think Greenland understands that the United States should own it. The United States needs to own it. That's what he said there. Absolutely ridiculous and dangerous and despicable rhetoric.


By the way, one of the things we learned as well as Donald Trump was golfing for and speaking with Kristin Welker about how he likes to raise prices higher. We've learned once again that the Atlanta Federal Reserve believes there will be a 2.8% contraction, so negative 2.8% GDP in the first quarter. Also, inflation is spiking and going through the roof right now. Prices are rising way faster than even expected under bad scenarios for Donald Trump. Core PCE just jumped 0.4% in February, hitting 2.8% year over year, the highest in over a year.


And things are about to get way, way worse than Donald Trump says in his own words. He wants to see prices go higher. Now let's take the receipts. When Donald Trump was campaigning and he said, prices will go down immediately. That was his promise, right? Well, we've got the receipts. Let's show you. Play this clip. When I win, I will immediately bring prices down, starting on day one, starting the day. I take the oath of office. I will rapidly drive prices down and we will make America affordable again. Prices will come down. You just watch. They'll come down and they'll come down fast. We will rapidly defeat inflation. We're gonna bring your prices down.


Well vote Trump and your incomes will soar. Your net worth will skyrocket. Your energy cost and grocery prices will come tumbling down. Well, Donald Trump also said on day one that there would be peace in Ukraine. He guaranteed that even before he took office, he had such a great relationship. He said, with Putin and Zelinsky, this would be so easy to do. Remember when Trump said this while campaigning play this clip End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours? Yes, I do.


How would you do that? I know Zelinsky very well. I I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. I will get the war ended. I'll stop all of those lives from being wasted and lost, and there'll be no more bombing of Ukraine. Well, now the only thing that Donald Trump wants to do is extract and steal the rare earth minerals from Zelensky and then let Putin take over the rest of Ukraine. That's what Donald Trump meant by a deal. By the way, Putin gets Ukraine. Trump gets the rare earth minerals. Also, obviously, Trump and Putin discuss spheres of influence where Donald Trump wants to conquer Canada and Greenland and Panama and take all of these countries.


Putin gets Europe and Ukraine and all of the countries Putin wants, and Xi Jinping gets Asia. That's clearly what, in my opinion, what Trump and Putin were talking about. Fortunately, Europe is resisting. Canada led the way and showed how you resist the weak, pathetic Trump regime. And we're seeing other countries stand up as well, and Greenland standing up as well to the pathetic, feeble, disgusting person that is Donald Trump. How feeble and weak and disgusting is he? Well, Donald Trump demanded that the White House Correspondence Association drop comedian Amber Ruffin from the 2025 White House correspondence dinner because Donald Trump is such a weak and pathetic and small, putrid, disgusting human being that he can't even handle a freaking joke he wasn't going to attend anyway.


But now, even though he doesn't want to attend, he can't be in a room or even near a room or even in the same territory where there's gonna be bad jokes about him. By the way, Donald, where are those Epstein files? Huh? Where are they? That was one of your promises on day one also. Oh, is it because you and Epstein were close friends and you said he's a great guy who likes women on the younger side. Is it because that you and him partied together? Is it because there are all of your name is all over depositions that of of Epstein and all over his flight log?


I don't know. Maybe that's the reason. But you know, I guess Donald Trump wants to show off that he and Lindsey Graham were golfing again and they awarded themselves trophies. Yay. So Donald, while you gut the va, while you gut Social Security and Medicaid, while you and Elon Musk and Doge engaged and the hostile takeover that cut essential services tanked the United States economy, which was doing well before it was turned over to you, while you are closing down Social Security administration offices and engaged in just abject cruelty, y'all are awarding yourself little trophies, little boy trophies.


Doesn't that make you happy? I mean, what freaking losers, by the way, speaking of Elon Musk, Elon Musk made a post and then took it down right away. Here's what Musk posted yesterday. It is improper for lawmakers to target a single person or company. Snowflakes. That's what you're saying. It is improper for lawmakers to target a single person or company. They can give it, but they can't take it at all. Literally, that's what you and the Trump regime are doing. You're going to people who you don't like because they stand for law and order and you are attacking them.


Trump's do us all the executive orders. I'm going after this firm. I'm going after that law firm. I'm going after this person. The whole thing is retribution, grievance and being total losers. By the way, protestors continue to rebel against Elon Musk's purge of US government, and they are swarming Tesla showrooms. Peaceful protests, of course, is what we are good with here. Make sure it is peaceful, folks. Make sure it is peaceful. Folks, the Tesla takedown movement Saturday attempted to surround all 277 of the automaker showrooms and service centers in the US in hopes of hitting Musk's.


Bottom line like this one, a great day in Winchester or some other great ones across the country, Pasadena, here in California, I'm bought, I mean there I'm gonna name 277 locations, but lots of people out there peacefully protesting Elon Musk and Tesla. Now, other headlines in the Trump regime 2025, you've got measles outbreak, national cases near 500 as illness continues to spread in Texas and elsewhere. That's what you get when you put people like RFK Jr in charge of health, anti-vaxxers in charge of health, who don't take these things seriously.


Big problem, by the way, if you're driving around, have you saw some of these billboards that Canada is buying? Canada, the Maple Midas in Canada are the best incredible showing the world how it's done. And they've bought billboards in the United States saying tariffs are taxes on hardworking Americans. But Trump's interview with NBC, Kristin, we, while he's golfing, says this is, he goes, I like higher prices. Congratulations America. I'm making your prices higher. By the way, Trump's auto tariffs are also on the supplies as well. Not just the cars themself, but all of the supply chain, which is going to be absolutely crippling to the automobile industry and those who are all part of that supply chain.


Now, here's a fact that we talked about yesterday, and MarketWatch led the way with this story. Federal spending right now is surging. So despite all of the chaos caused by Trump, Musk and Doge, federal spending is now on pace to come in 7.4% higher this year than last. You heard that right? 7.4% higher. The federal government has spent $1.893 trillion in 2025 as of March 26, compared to 1.763 trillion at the same date last year. Market watch notes that by comparison, federal spending at the end of the first quarter in 2024 was on track to be 1.6% lower than the prior year.


Though overall spending ended up 3.0% higher for the full year 2024 compared to 2023. So things are getting more, the more government spending things are getting more expensive, the government's spending more money. Doge ain't doing crap other than dismantling our federal government and taking away your essential services. And you know they're spending hundreds of millions in billions of dollars on brutality stunts on ISIS style videos. Yep. The Trump regime has turned the American government into producers of ISIS style hostage videos and brutality and concentration camps in El Salvador.


You see here, Kristi Nome last week, she paraded herself in front of a a concentration camp in El Salvador, a violation by the way of the Geneva Convention to use people as props. And then we've learned a lot of stories as well. Like this from the Miami Herald US sent a Venezuelan man with pending political asylum case to El Salvador's mega prison friend Harold Res Mota was supposed to be dealing with his ongoing asylum case, but suddenly he got sent to El Salvador. And as Jeff Stein says, no criminal record, no tattoos, no due process, father of a 9-year-old loving pet O owner, family insistent that he has no gang affiliations.


And you know here that we've also been covering all these other migrants. No criminal record. Were here lawfully asylum seekers. We talked about Andres, the gay hairdresser political exile from Venezuela. We talked about the professional soccer player who had a real Madrid tattoo. We talked about another individual who had an autism awareness tattoo, not trend aua. We talked about women who were sent to the male only concentration camp and got turned away. There are tons of stories like this, and it is absolutely, absolutely horrific. And finally, the top FDA vaccine official has resigned Citing Kennedy's misinformation and lies.


Dr. Peter Marks, a veteran of the agency, wrote that undermining confidence in vaccine is irresponsible and a danger to public health. Quote, it has become clear that truth and transparency are not desired by the secretary, but rather he wishes subservient confirmation of all of his misinformation and lies the Trump regime, a total train wreck, an utter disaster, a disgrace in America, the the worst thing imaginable. And the entire world, I think sees it for what it is we're gonna continue to resist from within here in the United States. As long as I have this microphone, until they rip this microphone from this very hand that you see, we will speak truth to power with you.


The Midas mighty every single day. Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.