
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today, The incoming Trump administration is already going to war with itself.


We are learning from a new scoop by CNN that Trump had his attorneys conduct an internal investigation into allegations that one of his top aides, Boris EP Epstein, has sought to gain financially from his influence with Trump and others in Trump's orbit. What CNN is alleging is that there was a pay for play situation going on. Whichh Epstein denies whereby Epstein, according to these allegations that CNN is reporting, would offer access to Donald Trump in return for certain payments to Epstein's consulting firm and consulting services.


Now, we had previously reported of course, that there was a blowup that took place at Mar-a-Lago between Elon Musk and Boris s Epstein. New York Post was the first to report that Musk had a massive blowup with Trump aid, Boris Ept Epstein. This was last week that took place at Mar-a-Lago, but then people close to Epstein and Trump denied it and said that that was wrong, although we're now starting to see that a lot more be going on there behind the scenes. I think we also had previously reported back in August of 2023, you may remember this about Epstein Trump advisor Boris s Epstein was accused of groping multiple women at an Arizona nightclub in 2021, and now newly obtained police body camera footage sheds light on the incident for the first time, Boris Epstein has been one of Trump's closest advisors since 2016.


He was actually indicted in Arizona for Donald Trump in connection with Trump's attempt to overthrow the results of the 2020 election and the fake elector plot that took place in the state of Arizona. Notably as well, SSH Epstein is a lawyer, but was never really a practicing litigator. He went to Georgetown University Law Center right around the same time that I went to Georgetown University Law Center. So there is that not great connection there, but Georgetown Law was a good school, but that's where he went. Although we both did, took very different paths. And then more information about Uhh Epstein is, is being revealed now.


And let's just talk about some of this, about what's going on here. This is the article from CNN. It says, attorneys for Trump conducted an internal investigation into allegations that one of his top aide, Boris Ept Epstein, sought to gain financially from his influence with Trump and others in Trump's orbit. According to multiple sources, familiar with the matter, the internal investigation, which was confirmed by half a dozen sources and is not criminal in nature, has probed multiple instances of SSH Epstein allegedly requesting payment in exchange for promoting candidates for administration positions, or offering to connect individuals with people in the upcoming administration relevant to their industry sources says in one instance he requested as much as $100,000 per month in exchange for his services.


According to sources familiar with the matter, Epstein's alleged activities prompted those looking into the matter to make an initial recommendation, thath Epstein should be removed from Trump's proximity and that he should not be employed or paid by Trump entities according to two sources. As of Monday afternoon, it does not appear the transition team will heed that recommendation. Quote, I am honored to work for President Trump and with his team, SSH Epstein said in a statement to CNN, these fake claims are false and defamatory and will not distract us from making America great again. The alleged behavior by one of Trump's closest advisors hints at some of the turmoil and strife behind the scenes of the transition process as Donald Trump and his team staff, the incoming administration, t Epstein Long seen as one of Trump's most loyal advisors, has played a significant role in the transition, sitting on key meetings and candidate briefings at the President-elect Mar-a-Lago Resort in Palm Beach, Florida.


But his presence has often been a divisive one. According to CNNI, I do want to talk about what's going on here as well because as, as Ssh Epstein says, he's saying that he has Donald Trump's full confidence. But one of the things, and and by the way, I I think Thath Epstein is probably accurate in saying that he has Trump's full confidence there. So we have to think why is CNN reporting this? What's going on behind the scenes? And you know, this was the drama that CNN and corporate media always, you know, wanted this, this is what they liked. And I was always like, I don't th this, this drama is nonsense, but what's going on here is that I think some of Trump's lawyers don't like Ssh Epstein and people who are kind of close to Trump, they, they never liked Ebh Epstein.


They never thought he was a real lawyer, and they never understood why he was so close to Trump and why Trump liked Epstein. And I think Emh Epstein endeared himself to Trump because he was always loyal to Trump. He did whatever Trump said, you know, to, to, to do. And you're trying to have some factions in Trump world. Pushh Epstein out right now, and I think that's what's taking place here. And I don't think T Epstein would've put that comment out, accusing others within the Trump administration of going after him if he didn't have, you know, Trump's support right here. There was this purported confrontation with Elon Musk that we had previously reported on as well, but then that was denied.


so, you know, we're trying to figure out what's really going on here behind, behind the scenes. And let, let me just share with you if I can, the first clip I wanna show you, this was outside that Arizona Club. This is the body cam footage. This is from 2021. Let me, let me share it with you right here. Let's play it. Somebody, A female is alleging that you touched her inappropriately. Okay. Okay. So just let us work through it and we'll get through it. Okay. I'll ask you about it here in a second. We just gotta get some more information from her first. Okay. Sorry. No, don't stand up.


As we transition into fall and our schedules get busier back to school activities, tired, your work deadlines and holiday prep, it's easier to forget about taking care of ourselves. One effective thing you could do this season, start taking Neutrophil. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people. With neutrophil, you could see thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding in just three to six months. And here's the best part, neutrophil is not a one size fits all solution. They offer different formulas tailored to individual needs, including options for men and women at various life stages, whether it's postpartum, menopause, or lifestyle factors like a plant-based diet Plus neutrophil is physician formulated with 100% drug-free ingredients designed to support healthy hair growth from within by targeting the root causes of thinning, like stress, hormones, aging, nutrition, lifestyle, and metabolism. The differences you'll see with neutrophil are noticeable. Not only is there less shedding, but you'll actually feel the improvement in strength and volume. It's a great confidence boost and it's always nice knowing you're doing something proactive for your hair health. Get results you could run your fingers through for a limited time. Nutrafol is offering our listeners $10 OFF, your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to Nutrafol dot com and enter the promo code Midas, find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals recommend Neutrophil. That's neutrophil.com promo code Midas MEIDAS.


Now let me share with you, this is a small portion of CNN's report. Let's, let's play it. We are following More breaking news involving the President-elect sources tell CNN that Trump's lawyers are investigating allegations that a top aide sought to gain financially from his influence with the President-elect. We Have cnn Sarah Murray on this. Sarah, tell us what you're learning. Well, we're learning that lawyers for Trump have been investigating whether Boris Epstein sought to gain financially from his access to Donald Trump and others in Trump's orbit. Now, this is something, this internal investigation that was confirmed to me, Kristen Holmes and our colleague Kate Sullivan, by half a dozen sources, again, this is an internal investigation.


This is not a criminal investigation. In one instance though, the investigators looking into this learned that Boris EP Epstein requested as much as a hundred thousand dollars per month in exchange for his services in one of these instances. And I wanna tell you what Boris EP Epstein said in response to this reporting. He said, I am honored to work for President Trump and his team. These fake claims are false and defamatory and will not distract us from making America great again. Now, EPS Epstein has served as a senior advisor to Donald Trump. At times he served as an attorney for Donald Trump. He's rubbed plenty of people the wrong way. But this investigation is an indication to how seriously some around Trump took these allegations that Boris Epstein was trying to charge people es essentially for access to Trump.


And those in his orbit guys. And Sarah Epstein has rubbed a lot of people in Trump's orbit the wrong way over the years, but he has managed to survive. And notably, as all these top cabinet officials were being named and, and ambassadors were being named, his name was not among those in consideration. Right. What is his status right now? Well, He hasn't been offered a formal role in the administration, but you know, one of the initial recommendations that came out of this investigation we learned from sources familiar with the matter, was there was a recommendation that Epstein should be removed from Donald Trump's proximity. That he should not be paid by or employed by Trump entities. And as of at least Monday afternoon, that does not seem to be the case.


The Trump transition is saying this was a broad review of consulting contracts around the former president, and that everyone is moving together as a team. And you know, reception has been in Donald Trump's orbit for a very long time. He's very used to the kind of knife fighting that goes on around. Now, the president elect, you know, he's rubbed people the wrong way, in part because he talks about his close closest to the president elect, and also because of the access he gets to Donald Trump. And at least right now, that doesn't seem to be changing. Guys, Sir Murray, thank you so much for bringing us that breaking news. Now, I do want to, you know, once again, I mean our, our our reporting needs to always be very fact-based. I do want to emphasize again, thath Epstein denies the CNN story.


He denies these sources. He denies any wrongdoing at all, period. Full stop in, in my own view, I think that Trump probably still supports Ssh Epstein here, and I think there are probably just people in Trump's world trying to force t Epstein out. I think that's what's going on behind the scenes. But we'll keep you posted every step of the way and what we learn and what we know. But let me know what you think. Again, that was my opinion of, of, of what I think's going on behind, behind the scenes there. Reading the Tea Leaves, CNN Source reporting Trump, other Trump lawyers saying this about EP Epstein. But you tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers.


Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Post Malone presents the big ass stadium tour with Jelly Roll and special guests, Sierra Ferrell in select cities. Pre-sale for C card members begins Wednesday at noon@livenation.com.