
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash tech, all lowercase. That's Shopify dot com slash tech.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive, so they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes Without the ads


Another day, and Donald Trump is tanking the markets. Yes, he's starting the week again by crashing our economy once again. And here's what he's sending to his supporters to try to con them even more. As most Americans realize what a con artist he is, Donald Trump sends the following message. Please answer before this poll closes tonight. Would you accept a Doge dividend check signed by Trump? Should Trump give Doge savings back to American citizens via check? Then Donald Trump puts his top national economic advisor, Kevin Hassett, on CNBC, and here he says that the reason that we're seeing GDP contraction and likely a recession is it is Biden's fault.


He says, this is Biden's economy. Biden's doing everything wrong. The Trump administration, the Trump regime is absolutely panicking today. Let me share with you this clip of Trump's national economic advisor play this clip Near term. We've got a Biden economy that you know still most of Biden policies are in place. If you look at the Atlanta Fed GDP now number, it's showing negative first quarter, which is kind of, If you like, a metric of the inheritance of President Biden. A lot of that is also from a big increase in the trade deficit, which as you know and you've been covering, Joe, is happening apart because people are anxious about future tariffs, and so they're stockpiling.


And so that's a very, very temporary fed. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, here's the Trump recession timeline. One, this will be a golden age. On day one, prices will come down and the economy will boom. Two, these policies won't cause a recession. We know what we're doing. Three, okay, it will cause short-term pain, but it will be good in the long term. Four, this is Biden's recession. That's the pattern that we've seen. One of the things we're seeing as well as Luke Cower writes, last week was the first time since 1988 that US stocks fell 3%, while global stocks that are not the US related stocks rose 2.5%.


So the market's actually doing well outside of the us, but the US has become a toxic cesspool because the White House is a toxic cesspool. I mean, just take a look at this right here. A whole bunch of themes are getting absolutely destroyed today. As George Perks writes, and it's not just AI adjacent stuff. Banks are down, even more private equity is getting crushed. You name it, American companies are getting destroyed right now, and and that means my 401k, your 401k, our pensions, our life savings is getting destroyed, like we told you it was going to, because Donald Trump is an idiot and he's bankrupted every freaking thing essentially in his life.


So yes, he was going to bankrupt it again. The guy who has bankruptcy after bankruptcy, who's the worst business person who's a destroyer, who somehow convinces people that he's a good businessman, even though he's bankrupt at all of his companies, yes, guess what? He's bankrupting the United States again, and now he's panicking and lying and saying, oh, here's what's really going on. Here's what's really going on. Just front page today from the USA today, a theme though that we've been talking about, as you know, front page on the Midas Touch Network, now for what? Several months Canadian backlash stores pull wine whiskey from shelves over tariffs.


Now, we told you, we said this, Canadian boycott is going to sting and hurt the United States far more than anyone has predicted. And how do we know that? Well, there's a reason why the Midas Touch Podcast is the number one podcast of all podcasts in Canada. We speak to Canadians, we speak to the Canadian leaders, we speak to the Canadian people all of the time. We knew that the tourism boycott was gonna be more than 10%. I said it would be closer to 50 to 100%. People in Canada ain't traveling to the US anymore. People in Canada ain't buying us anymore, and they were our biggest trading partner. So of course, it's going to impact us beyond even the retaliatory tariffs from them.


And so as the markets keep on crashing, what's Donald Trump saying? Well, Donald Trump saying that while he guts Medicaid, while he guts all of these programs that actually are vital to Americans as he like shuts down National Park Service Rangers as as, as he screws Americans, he does say, though, he's moved on to his next target. He's now, he's now trying to defraud the people of Greenland. Greenland. You know what I mean? We, we know he said this before, but this was the post that he's made. And Elon Musk is reposting because Donald Trump has like just one or two tricks, right? He's gotta go on and say, okay, maybe I'm tanking the United States, Greenland.


You want me to make you rich? You want me to make you rich again? I mean this. These posts are just ridiculous. As I made clear during my joint address to Congress, the United States strongly supports the people of Greenland's right to determine their own future. We are ready to invest billions of dollars to create new jobs and make you rich. What the hell are you talking about? Former President Biden invested billions of dollars in the United States with things like the Infrastructure Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, the CHIPS Act, and what are you doing? You're reversing all of those policies that invest in America, so you can invest in Greenland or tell Greenland you're going to make them rich.


I mean, what the hell is even going on here?


When Your car breaks down, you take it to a mechanic with no hesitation, you need it. And it's not something that most guys can fix themselves, and men should think the exact same way about ed. But the reality is you might be hesitant to seek help. Thankfully, through himss, you can get access to personalized ED treatments without stepping outside your door. HIMSS is changing men's healthcare by providing you with access to affordable sexual health treatments from the comfort of your couch. HIMSS provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments like Chewable Hardman and Viagra and Cialis, and their generics for up to 95% cheaper. The process is 100% online, so there's no need for uncomfortable doctors visits. Just answer a series of questions on their site, and a medical provider will determine the right treatment option if prescribed. Your medication ships directly to you for free. No insurance is needed, and one low price covers everything from treatments to ongoing care with hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. HIMS can help you find the ED option that works for you. Start your free online visit today at himss.com/midas. That's hi ims.com/midas for your personalized ed treatment options himss.com/midas. The products mentioned are chewable compounded products, which are not covered by or verified for safety or effectiveness by the FDA prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider who will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information. Subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


Oh, and then, by the way, and now turns out also that the guy who's serving as the acting under Secretary of State for public diplomacy, one of Trump's most senior State department officials, as Andy Kaczinski points out, has now been deleting all of his tweets, spreading the unfounded rumors that his boss, Marco Rubio's, secretary of State, attended gay foam parties and called Marco Rubio, low iq. But folks, as Donald Trump was heading into DC today, he did his usual kind of conart shtick. We're gonna be so rich, you're not gonna get to know what you're gonna, you're gonna be so rich, you're not gonna do no do with all your money.


You're gonna be so rich here. Play this clip. All I know is this. We're gonna take in hundreds of millions of dollars in tariffs, and we're gonna become so rich. You're not gonna know where to spend all that money. I'm telling you, you just watch. We're gonna have jobs. We're gonna have open factories. It's gonna be great. I mean, so ridiculous. Oh, by the way, that Jeff Bezos relationship with Trump, the Bezos Trump connection, you know, we know that Bezos, what bought Melania's documentary for $40 million or $41 million. Now guess what? Everybody, the Apprentice is coming to Amazon Prime video. Yes, Bezos did a deal with Donald Trump to bring apprentice seasons one through seven to stream on Amazon Prime.


So while your 4 0 1 Ks and your pensions and your life savings is going absolutely down the drain right now as America's economy is in the toilet bowl, it's okay. 'cause Donald Trump selling Trump meme coins, and Trump did a deal, yeah, not the deal to create peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. Not yet. Not, not that deal. The deal he did though, was to get the apprentice seasons one to seven on Amazon Prime. Good job, Donald. Good job. I'm sure all the Republicans are so proud, they think you're so strong for doing that. Here's the Wall Street Journal headline from today.


Tariff wars are often short. Their legacies aren't economists. Fear that trump's tariffs once they take hold, could have unexpected effects long after he leaves office, meaning even when he's gone, he's going to screw us for the foreseeable future. Oh, and then Donald Trump spends his time as well attacking the former prime minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull. That's how Donald Trump's spending his time not attacking Trudeau anymore. Now, now Turnbull the former prime minister of Australia. Trump goes, Malcolm Turnbull, the former prime minister of Australia, who was always leading that wonderful country from behind, never understood what was going on in China, nor did he have the capacity to do so.


I always thought he was a weaken and effective leader, and obviously Australians agreed with me. By the way, this is what former prime minister of Australia, maam Turnbull said about Donald Trump play this clip. When you see Trump with Putin, as I have on a few occasions, he's like the 12-year-old boy that goes to high school and meets the captain of the football team, my hero. It is really creepy. It's really creepy. Now, I don't, and that struck you at the time. Oh, absolutely. It struck everybody. It was, it was like when you could touch it, it was creep. The creepiness was palpable. Are you trying to say they're having a bromance? No, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm just telling you what I saw.


Regrettably, the Republican party under Donald Trump, and particularly the right wing of the Republican Party, are very sympathetic to Vladimir Putin. I mean, I've been with Trump and Putin. Trump is in awe of Putin. Tyrants are often popular. You see, the key to democracy, liberal democracy is that it empowers the majority, but it also, through the rule of law, constrains the majority. And If you get to the point where anybody who can muster a majority, and I don't think Trump can do that, by the way, but anyone who can muster a majority is given absolute power and then can do whatever they like to the minority.


That's not a democracy. That is a tyranny that that is, that is an autocracy. Even if it's got the support of 50, 51% of the population. That is not what makes a democracy. A democracy, as we understand it, is one where the rule of law protects all citizens. And the rule of law applies to all citizens, whether they're the president or the prime minister, or an ordinary, you know, elector. And you want me to show you how Turnbull was? Right? This was Donald Trump last night being asked If you believe Putin is disrespecting you by attacking you Ukraine, let's play it this week.


Disrespecting you by attacking your friend when you're trying, who this person disrespecting you by attacking. What did he do? Well, he's attacking Ukraine. Is he disrespecting me? Yeah. Who? Who are you with? I'm Michael Bur from Washington. You've lost a lot of credibility. Go ahead. What else? What kind, Robert? Yeah, there you have it, folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough? Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.