
Donald. Trump's closing message in the 2024 election is as follows, I, am psychotic. How psychotic. have I made you America? I will talk about the genitals of golfers. I will call Americans the enemy from within and say, I will send the military against Americans. I will stand on stage and quack like a duck. but say frack, frack, frack And. I will just see how far can I go? Have I turned America into Trump land where nothing makes sense anymore. Or on the other hand, do Americans still value patriotism, Law and Order embodied in Vice, President Kamala, Harris sende, bipartisan coalition of law abiding constitutional loving Americans that are assembled to fight for democracy.


The contrast could not be more clear and we will break it all down here on the Midas Touch, Network, Brett and Jordy. let me bring you on along with that stunt after stunt Donald, Trump goes to a McDonald's which is closed down for the day because he's been lying that Vice President Kamala Harris did not work at a McDonald's even though she did work at a McDonald's. And her friends have said she works at a McDonald's. So he goes to a closed McDonald's. He pretends he's working the fry machine and then he pretends he's serving customers who are not customers 'cause it's closed. They're actually his supporters in this staged event and they pretend that he's you know, working the machines.


Then. he goes to a devastation area in North Carolina that was impacted by Hurricane Helene where a MAGA Republican congress member awards him the best fry server award and gives him a pin where he celebrates winning in a devastation zone as he shuts down the highways in North Carolina. So people couldn't pick up their medication, they couldn't visit family members, first responders couldn't go where they are going. This is the state of the 2024 election, the state of, are we psychotic or are we Americans?


Brett, majority. Those are the stakes fellas. Yeah, and you know he's gonna get cra we said this for months, he's going To get crazier and crazier as we approach election day because there is so much on the line for him personally in this election. He's not running this in this election to run for president. He's quite literally running to avoid prison time in this election. So he's going to continue to ramp up his lies. The disinformation operation that he has is kicked into full gear. He's pulling all these stunts one more offensive than the next. Like even this McDonald's thing was just wildly offensive to workers. He is almost like mocking workers while he is doing it. And he just continues to spread lie after lie conspiracy theory.


And some of them are just like stupid. Like the McDonald's conspiracy theory he has about Kamala Harris is, you know, where he says over and over, she didn't work at McDonald's even though she did. But the other things that he says are far more dangerous, like when he lies about what's happening in the wake of a hurricane, a natural disaster. And then people are struggling. To get their meds, they're struggling. To get gas or water. I mean this is the havoc that Donald Trump is causing. He is a chaos agent and he brings chaos with him everywhere he goes. And so it's up to Americans right now. Many of you could vote, vote, vote, vote. It's up to you to end the chaos. Jordy, what's new? I'm excited for today's show. I think we just dive right into it.


Nothing major on my end, I'm just Ben. Where do we lead off today? 'cause I just know there's a lot of events that happened over the weekend. Donald Trump spent 15 minutes of a speech in Pennsylvania talking about Arnold Palmer, the late great golfers genitals. It was about a 15 minute rant that made no sense at all. And then he said that people would go into the locker room who would compete with Arnold Palmer and they would admire just how large his penis is. And Donald Trump said, this is something that everybody needs to hear in the 2024 election. Let's play it. Oh man, this man was strong and tough and I refused to say it, but when he took showers with the other pros, they came out of there, they said, oh my God, that's unbelievable.


I had to say it, I had to say it. We have women that are highly sophisticated here, but they used to look at on this band, but he was, We have women who are highly sophisticated here in reference to Donald Trump's talking about Arnold Palmer's genitals. by the way, Arnold Palmer's daughter came out with a statement and said that my dad didn't like Donald Trump at all. He thought that Donald Trump was crude and rude and had no moral character. So I'm not sure why you're mentioning his name like that. Then Donald Trump gave another speech where when he was speaking about fracking, rather than actually articulate any sort of policy, he starts making sounds like a duck.


And he, because frac sounds like quack and Donald, Trump is clearly having dementia like symptoms or full blown dementia, you could form your own opinion. I'm just giving you my own opinions about what I'm at least observing whether he has it or not. He starts going frack, frack frack like a duck frack frack here, watch it Done. So we're gonna let him frack, frack frack like a duck frack, frack frack. Even the way he says it, he's like, yeah, and we're just gonna let him frack. Frack I mean like what the hell are we even watching there? Then Donald Trump starts posting AI images of himself, which we've seen throughout this campaign. He posts a AI image of himself in a Steeler's uniform.


Also, the Pittsburgh Steeler legends all came out with statements against Donald Trump and saying that they're supporting Vice President, Kamala Harris. We also shared a video of Donald Trump getting booed at the Pittsburgh Steelers game. But Donald Trump is, what is he doing? He's going into the AI prompt, make me have big muscles and give me a large, because it's normally very small or always small, make me into a strong person like who even does anything like that. And it's not funny and people are, 'cause they wanna give this guy the nuclear codes. As former president Barack Obama said, if your grandparents are just, heck, anybody in your family behave this way, you'd have to have real serious conversations with other family members about getting this individual emergency care.


And one of the symptoms, as I'm sure many of you know who have dealt with family members or people in your lives who have dementia or suffer from serious mental illness because they can no longer articulate words, they just start cursing. And so we've seen throughout all of Donald Trump's speeches, lots of F words. He goes into churches and leads chance of people cursing. And when he's trying to describe vice President, Kamala Harris, what does he immediately do? He starts using curse words and describes her in very crude curse language. Here, play this clip. And this one, Kamala is further left than them. So you have to tell Kamala Harris that you've had enough that you just can't take it anymore.


We can't stand you. You are a shit vice president. The worst, you're the worst vice president. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell outta here, you're fired. Get out. So just cursing there. Also, when you note those propaganda networks that bring you those speeches you see on the right, they're always selling you some Trump related thing and usually it's a knife or it's gold or fake gold or whatever it is. And you text Trump to whatever the number is because it's all built on a grif. Then Donald Trump's been going around saying that he's not even close to being 80 years old.


Newsflash, Donald Trump is 78 years and some months, so he's about one year, eight months or nine months away. He's in his 79th year. Yeah. From being 80 years old. Here he is right here saying that he's not 80 here play this call. Peter's in the world and I'm not 80 and I'm not that close to 80, but in the Biden case he's 81 or 82. So then Donald Trump goes to a disaster zone. I mean are we putting all these pieces together? Folks in North Carolina now, To, get to this photo op Donald Trump had to shut down the highways. People in North Carolina right now are absolutely livid and pissed.


There's an entire Reddit board right now of people sharing their stories about how they could not even get to their destinations because Donald Trump wanted a photo op. Now, what was the photo? Op Donald Trump encouraging people to attack and kill and harm FEMA employees, Donald Trump blaming FEMA employees for not giving people resources, which is false. Donald Trump blaming migrants for taking away the resources, which is also false. It's so false indeed that a magar Republican Congress member, Chuck Edwards had to put out a statement saying that what Donald Trump is saying in fall is false because his constituents were not applying for the aid they were entitled To get.


Because Trump claimed they could only get $750, which is just the initial payment when they're entitled to all of these other emergency benefits. So the Congress member representing his constituents had to say, Trump is lying. However, what did he have to do? To get on Donald trump's good graces because Trump didn't like that. He joined Donald Trump at this photo op. And I kid you not gave Donald Trump an award. What award might you ask an award for Donald Trump being the best employee to use the fry machine at McDonald's based on Donald Trump's PR stunt there? Yes, this is MAGA Republican congress member Chuck Edwards, giving Donald Trump a fake award for using a fry machine play.


This clip Offered because you know I also own McDonald's restaurants. I know that you perfected your skills behind the counter a day or so ago, and it was my honor to present President Trump with the French Fry certification pen. So thank you so much for being here. Thank you very much. God bless you. That's really nice. Thank you very much. Thank you For those listening. He actually gave Donald Trump a fake award. What in the Kim Jong un is that? And that why I start off with saying Donald Trump is running a campaign to show that he's actually a psychotic. Want to-be dictator?


And the question is, is is America with that? Like, is that what we've become now because of the both sides? Media because of the overwhelming deluge of propaganda is America's brain as a collective. So rotted, that's what's on the ballot, that what I'm just presenting to you makes sense to people. It clearly does to tens of millions of Americans, but is that who we are as Americans? And this is what we'll talk about in a little bit with Vice President Kamala Harris' coalition of the same coalition of the normal coalition of democracy, loving people who still appreciate logic, common sense decency, treating people with respect.


And for all of the Midas mighty out there, you know that for the past three and a half years, we've been speaking less about partisan politics and more about core basic values. Values of being nice, decent human beings, telling the truth, doing things that are supported by evidence, law and order in its truest sense. Accountability, those things, as we always said, transcend political parties and politics. And I think that's what's on the line right here more than anything. Speaking of which, at Donald Trump's speech, one of the things he always does to try to show that he has support, specifically I have support in the black community, he'll always say is he'll bring somebody on stage. The most recent one is like Antonio Brown on stage.


He previously brought Lawrence Taylor on stage in Wildwood, New Jersey. Now Lawrence Taylor's, an ex-football player, has been who actually pled guilty and is a registered sex offender for pleading guilty. And he was recently arrested on a felony warrant. I mean a registered sex offender is a surrogate who Donald Trump brings on stage to brag about having the support of black men. And have you even heard that being talked about other than maybe by us when that happened and perhaps a few other independent media outlets. Could you imagine if Vice President Kamala Harris just once yet alone consistently brought sex offenders on stage, knowingly to be her surrogates and then said, look, I must have a lot of black support because Lawrence Taylor supports me.


Well, Donald Trump brings Antonio Brown on stage. And just a reminder, former Steelers wide receiver, Antonio Brown defends exposing himself to women in a hotel parole. Antonio Brown settles a sexual assault lawsuit with a former trader, former NFL star Antonio Brown arrested for allegedly failing to pay child support. He went through about $80 million he ran through before becoming financially in deep, deep trouble. And then he also kicked off being on, he was kicked off the bucks after a shirtless tantrum and defended his conduct there. So I guess he makes the perfect Trump surrogate right there.


Oh, and guess what? He's there to do sell things. The MAGA coin. Have you heard about the MAGA coin? Everybody? I kid you not. Antonio Brown, everybody play it. Shout Out to MAGA the MAGA coin and the greatest President coin going a MAGA coin. Have you guys ever seen a MAGA movie? Make some Noise. If you've seen the MAGA movie, woo, A MAGA movie, A MAGA coin I. Don't know. What are these people even talking about here? And then Donald Trump posts the following. This is from Donald Trump. He posts January 6th will go down in the history as the day the government staged a riot to cover up the fact that they certified a fraudulent election.


Just take a look up top. You see this is a Donald Trump post. So Donald Trump is saying January 6th is the day the government staged a riot. Donald Trump was the government, the Trump administration was in power at that time. Donald Trump appointed the FBI Director Christopher Ray, a lifelong Republican. That's what took place. And here he is spreading the most heinous lies about January 6th and a little bit later in the show, I will show you when Donald Trump's asked by Fox and he keeps on saying this over and over again, that January 6th was a great day. He said, he goes, it was a day of love with the biggest audiences ever and people had the best time on January 6th.


So I go back to where we started today's episode, Donald Trump is running a campaign on being an actual wannabe dictator, psychopath. And the question ladies and gentlemen of America is, is the United States of America a psychotic, destroyed nation? Has the collective brains rotted so much that this is a reality right now? 'cause I'll tell you, our international audience is wondering what the hell happened to the United States of America. You know how Donald Trump talks about, oh, the laughing stock, oh no. Right now with this crap, the world is both laughing and freaking horrified that this could take place here.


How in the world could this happen in these United States of America, Brett Jordy? Yeah, I said this online over the weekend, but this election truly is a cognitive test for the United States of America. If you think about it, I mean we are really going to see what the American people want. And I see such incredible energy out there for democracy. When I see the folks lining up at these Vice President Harris rallies, the energy is electric bigger than ever. Her rallies are filled with joy, they're filled with actual policy proposals. I she's been hitting the circuit doing these various town halls. She's been doing all these interviews on all sorts of shows, really spanning the spectrum of demographics and and medium, whether it's podcasts or radio or television, whatever, like she is putting in the work.


And I see the American people putting in the work as I am sent videos and I'm looking through TikTok and I'm speaking to people out there who are knocking on doors. All the feedback that I'm getting out there is extremely positive. But now's the time. You gotta be stepping on the gas and it's gotta be all gas. No breaks from now until election day because every single vote, this election is going to matter. Every single vote is going to count. So you better make sure that you get your ballots in and you get your ballots in early. Part of Donald Trump's strategy always in 2020, same thing. And this was the Republican strategy in 2022. Their strategy is always to make it feel inevitable, right? They wanna demoralize you.


They wanna make it seem like he is this all powerful guy and there's nothing you could do to stop him. But guess what? He said that in 2020 they, we stopped him, right? We said that in 2022 there was gonna be this massive red wave never happened. They bluster, they put all this stuff out there into the world and it is fake like 99.9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 point percent of the time. And so you have to realize that they're doing the same things right now. I'm not sure if you've caught Ben's interviews recently with Simon Roseberg and Tom Bonier who have broken down some of the early voting data, much of which is very promising. In some states you see a little bit of a lag, but it's still very early and you can't derive so much from everything just yet.


But you, when you look at that early voting data, when you see that we are breaking records, when you see the energy and enthusiasm, you see that democracy certainly has a good shot of winning. It's just a matter of us continuing To get out there and put in the work and and and do everything that by the way, the Trump campaign is not doing, the Harris's campaign is out raising Donald Trump, outspending Donald. Trump has an actual ground game that's knocking on doors, that's turning out lower propensity voters. Those are voters who may not be as, may not vote as often as usual. And so that's the kind of work that needs to be done to win these things. That's exactly the kind of work that is happening. And so it's just the rates to the finish line at this point.


And you're so, you're so right Brett, because the campaigns truly can't be more different, right? You have the Harris Walls campaign that's actually putting in the work right from the canvassers that you see everywhere from the mailers, from the fundraising, from how they're deploying their dollars in a truly strategic way, you know, to maximize their airtime to where Harris and Walls are showing up in the different mediums like you that you talked about. It's so clear that one campaign is extraordinarily competent. And to that same effect, the other campaign, the Trump, the Trump campaign is super incompetent. And in my heart of hearts, I truly believe that actually putting in the work is going to matter in the long run. Shocker, right Then well look, Donald Trump is the ultimate stress test on our institutions, our courts and the Supreme Court has not passed that stress test.


Our Supreme Court has failed us. I want to be very clear in making a finding of absolute monarchical immunity. So I guess when they call themselves conservative, what they've meant all of this time is conserving the monarchy. Now, fortunately, our institutions held in 2020 when Trump filed all of those lawsuits, when Donald Trump tried an insurrection. But let's be very clear, the stress test continued thereafter. The January 6th coup was not limited to January 6th. Every single day thereafter, Donald Trump has been continuing it with the support of the Republican party that's gone full maga.


The Republican party has not passed the stress test. They've gone full MAGA at every step. They had the opportunity to actually put in charge actual leaders as well who would've been very popular too. And they may have more seats in Congress, they may have be even more competitive. But they chose a dictator. They said, you know what? Our ideology doesn't matter no more. We are going to give our entire agency to Donald j Trump. And they became the MAGA party. They didn't hold a lot of state legislatures failed the stress test, but a lot of ins, oh, the media clearly failed the stress test. But in its shadows or in its destruction or ashes rather, what's been able to grow are networks like this and Americans who know why we fought in won World War II and why we fought in World War I and why America for all its imperfections is a beacon of hope across the world.


We want to preserve and defend that and we will rebuild institutions, strengthen it, and work together in a bipartisan way right now, and I'm not talking about the mangas who would sell us out to Vladimir Putin or to the highest bidder. We're talking about classic Republicans joining with Democrats, progressive, joining with classic conservatives and independents and us saying, we are not going back. Where does Donald Trump want to take us back? Well, after the break I'll show you Donald Trump in his speeches too, in his closing message says, we literally saying we need to go back to 1798.


He said, that's when things were good, right? For people going, what do you mean great Again? What's the tell me? When's great? He gave you a date 1798 where hundreds of millions of Americans couldn't vote where there was slavery at a time where Donald Trump sites, the Alien Enemies Act, where people could be rounded up into put in camps on the basis of ethnicity and ancestry and Ben. Just for a second, let's, let's think about the differences in the campaign messaging right there. We got one candidate, we are not going back. And then we have one candidate saying, we need to go back to the 17 hundreds.


I mean the difference could not be starker. It's not even like Trump is pretending at this point. Trump is telling you exactly what he's, what, what he wants to do. And Vice President Harris is telling her her vision. And so it's up to the American people to decide, do you actually wanna go back to the 17 hundreds with all those horrible things that Ben is talking about? Or do you wanna move past this lunacy of Donald trump, this endless corrupt cycle of these billionaires who think they could buy our elections, buy our politicians, buy our media, do all of this crap? That is the choice in this election, like America's the envy of the world. And right now in terms other than this MAGA stuff like in terms of the economy, right? The economist recent cover is that everybody's trying to play catchup right now.


Fastest growing. GDP the most oil production right now. Wages are rising, a manufacturing boom taking place right now. And they want to take us back to 1798. And there's millions of Americans who are like, yeah, secretary 98. Anyway, we'll talk about this and more. Let's take our first quick break of the show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 answers. Bull market, bear market will rates rise or fall? Will inflation go up or down? Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. With real-time, insights and forecasting, you're peering into the future with actionable data. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time looking on what's next. I use this and you should too. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunities, download the CFO's Guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash midas. This guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash midas NetSuite dot com slash M-E-I-D-A-S


all can be a stressful season and stress leads to feeling drain. So to maintain your energy levels and a heart healthy routine, it's best to avoid relying on stimulants. SuperBeets Heart Chew offers a convenient, delicious plant-based way to support healthy blood pressure and circulation. Enjoy a heart healthy boost without the jitters paired with a healthy lifestyle. The unique antioxidant compound and SuperBeets is clinically shown to be nearly two times more effective at promoting normal blood pressure than a healthy lifestyle alone. SuperBeets heart shoes are incredibly delicious and so much better than any alternative supplements out there. I take my SuperBeets heart shoes each morning and it's really kickstarted my morning routine. So after taking my super beet heart shoes, I feel like I have more energy and I'm ready to take on the day. Here's something more doctors, more pharmacists and more cardiologists recommend super beats for heart held support than any other beat brand. Super Beatts Hard Choose also offers a convenient way to support healthy blood pressure since they're individually wrapped so you can take them on the go. Double your potential with Super Beatts Hard Choose. Get a free 30 day supply of Super Beatts Hard choose on all bundles and 15% off your first order by going to GETSUPERBEETS dot com and using the code Midas. That's get superbeets.com And use the code Midas one more time. Get super BEET s.com and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S.


The best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store, it's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the mok movement. Today. Mok delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door. Mok Farmers Farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Mok meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the mok difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, mok gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breasts, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Mok is helping save rural America. Join the mok movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Mo's Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted and Ring doorbell founder Jamie Simonov, jumped at the chance to invest in Mok Plus. They guarantee you'll say Oink. Oink. I'm just so happy I got Moked. I know I do and you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink Box dot com slash midas. Touch right now and listeners of our show get FREE Hot Rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's Moink Box dot com slash midas. Touch one more time. Moink Box dot com slash midas touch.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both the YouTube and the audio. Those are some great reads brothers. Great way to go. Way to go and and real quick store midas touch.com. We're doing a sale 15% off use code hashtag last chance. Don't actually use hashtag I that was confusing. Just the code is last chance. Okay. And get 15% off of the Midas Touch store store dot midas touch.com. There's some great there. So Jor, that's last chance@store.midastouch.com for 15 per last chance, correct? I guess it's your last chance To get this market. That's a great point. That's why I I, could I read this email we just got from a earlier from a, a follower Midas Mighty voted early in Texas.


I just wanna share this because I wanna show you the dedication that our followers are putting in and it shouldn't take this long, let me just say that off the bat. But this person said they waited four hours in line in Texas to vote and they could not be happier that they did it. Hey guys, I made it voted on day one of early elections in Texas. Long line around the block meant it took four hours. I used my time well loudly playing MTN videos, M-S-N-B-C, IHOP more MTN. It's, I had a podcast, I love that a guy that stood ahead of me was proudly wearing a Trump shirt. I'm not even sure if you can necessarily do that at the polls. I wore the blue MTNs, make attorneys get attorney's hats and the Maya culpa shirt of Trump behind bars in short order the Trump supporter took off his T-shirt, flipped it inside out.


I thought that was interesting. I guess he wasn't that proud of his choice. And I have a picture which I haven't been authorized to share, so I'm not going to. But I love getting these stories from folks out there who voted and and love seeing the mighty, mighty representing. So that's really cool and I hope it inspires you to vote early if you haven't voted early yet. I submitted my ballot over the weekend. It was Easy Mail Dropbox, I've said it before, I'll say it again. The Midas mighty you can actually be the difference in this election. You could be the reason that democracy is saved, one of the best ways you can do that is just by helping people vote early. It's one of the most important things you can do. Know when people vote early, their names get taken off the get out the vote roll.


So it allows the party to then identify lower propensity voters to try To get them rather than chase you or whoever is going to vote anyway if you vote early. So it's one of the best ways that you can help. And so just make sure that people that you know are registered to vote. There are lots of deadlines like that approaching, like for all of our friends in Pennsylvania, today was the last day to register to vote. So if you're watching this on the live, make sure if you're in Pennsylvania you are registered. And if you have people who live in Pennsylvania, now would be the time if you're watching this live on Monday to call and say, Hey, you registered. 'cause the deadlines after today you can't register.


And then com have anybody that you know vote early, tell them to have a plan. Reach out to grandkids, kids, cousins, nephews, nieces, uncles, aunts, whoever. That's the best way you can help. There's millions of people who watch these shows and if we channel that to action, it will be the factor. So please if you can, all right, because I'll tell you the stakes Donald Trump's going around is part of his campaign attacking generals over and over again, his own generals and saying that they're stupid, they're stupid people and he always attacks like his former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley.


But he attacks his own, you know, pretty much any person who worked for him in the military, all of his people who usually are the best people, he attacks them. Here he is in a speech attacking General Millie, play it. These stupid people like Millie General Millie, remember his performance in Congress General Millie and Mattis, all these guys. What a bunch of lightweights. But we have A bunch of lightweights, Mattis, Millie, they worked for you I. Remember Donald Trump's like I got Mad dog. Remember those days? And then they wouldn't execute unlawful orders. So remember I was talking about the stress test before? Yeah, our milit Donald Trump tried to use our military in ways that the military said no.


And now Donald Trump goes around calling them stupid and his MAGA followers behind him clap at that. And then Fox and RSPN and all of these other propaganda networks then put that out there as though that's some normal behavior. And then corporate media, both sides the issues and they're like, oh, it was a very energetic speech by Donald Trump. He spoke about the great Arnold Palmer. Yeah, about Arnold Palmer's penis. That's what he was speaking about. Like, like you, you may wanna finish that sentence, corporate media about what he was doing up there for 15 minutes. You may wanna talk about him quacking like a duck.


Could you imagine if Vice President Kamala Harris here Brett, let's, let's do a vice President Kamala Harris clip right now let's do the clip where Vice President Kamala Harris says, you know, Donald Trump, he goes off script, he calls it the weave, but it's a bunch of nonsense. Now I want you to, as you watch this clip, imagine, imagine if rather than her speaking intelligently, she just started going, no, no, no, no. I mean imagine if that's what you know. And then, and then they wrote, oh, and she energized the crowd with the, the pet like noises that were being made. It's like, no, the moment she meowed once I'd be done, I don't care I mean I I don't know what I would do, but I'd be like, I would say that's crazy.


That's absolutely crazy. You've got Donald Trump frack brack frack, and then they're, and no one's like talking about it. You know, it's me and my two younger brothers in this community and, and and the broader Midas mighty network that's like, hey, that's freaking weird. And by the way, do people know it's weird. That's why Midas touch network's growing so much. 'cause people just want to be like, yeah, okay, I'm not alone here. That, that stuff's crazy. Yeah, it is crazy. And it's crazy that corporate media gaslights us into making it sound like that's conservative. That ain't conservative, that's weird. Crazy and dangerous. Here's Vice President, Kamala Harris talking about Donald Trump's weave. The weave, which is really just in my opinion, dementia like symptoms, Play the clip, And now is ducking debates and canceling interviews because of exhaustion.


And when he does answer a question or speak at a rally, have you noticed he tends to go off script and ramble and generally for the life of him cannot finish a thought. And he has called it the weave. But I think we here will call it nonsense. Then Donald Trump goes on Fox and then he gives this interview on one of the morning shows where he talks about how, and he's asked like he, the Fox is trying to help him.


They want to help him win undecided voters. 'cause I think they know that there is a block of undecided voters. A lot of them are Nikki Haley voters. They're trying to help Donald Trump clarify his statements because they are a propaganda arm. So they go, do you really wanna call January 6th, like a great day? 'cause you know, that may rub some Americans the wrong way and watch Donald Trump's response. Let's play it the Other day. You called it a day of love. That sparked a lot of reaction given that many police officers were attacked and there were mobs shouting, hang Mike Pence. Can you understand why many Americans would view it as a dark and tragic day in our history?


The crowd I spoke before, which you rarely see I have pictures of it. They're massive, but nobody wants to put 'em in. It was the biggest crowd I've ever spoken to. And I've spoken to the biggest crowds. I've never seen that many people, a small group of them. And you know, peacefully and patriotically, which nobody uses. My words were peacefully and patriotically. A small group went down to the capitol, but they came. They came because they thought it was a rigged election. They, they, it was, this was a protest against a rigged election. And I can't say exactly the number, but I've had massive crowds and this was by far the biggest crowd. I've spoken to the crowd at the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial on the 4th of July.


This crowd was bigger. And I tell you there was a beauty to it and there was a love to it that I've never seen before. But Mr. President, a small group of people went down to the capitol and then a lot of strange things happened. A lot of strange things happened. It was a small group of people, like thousands of people have pled guilty. They didn't just think it was rigged. Notice how he's throwing his own supporters under the bus there as well. It's like they just thought it was rigged. I wonder where they got that idea from. Maybe it's the fact that to this day you and your MAGA people are out there telling people that it was rigged, that it was a rigged deal, that it was unfair that you didn't really lose and that you did not support a peaceful transfer of power for the first time in American history.


You know, Fox has that Chiron there. Donald Trump stands by J six a Day of love, then a very small rioting. It's like despite it being a violent day, okay, January 6th is one of the most disgraceful days in American history, period. Full stop. If you can't say that, you should not be eligible to run for the presidency. And guess what? The founders knew that, speaking about the stress test, our founders knew that there's something called, and I know with all of this news, maybe this one gets buried right now, but in the 14th Amendment section three, if you are an insurrectionist, you are barred from running. But guess what?


While the Colorado Supreme Court read the words and the Supreme Courts always said they're textualists, well, when the text doesn't align with what their view of a monarchy should be, the right wing Supreme Courts go, oh, that's not what they actually meant. The 14th amendment section three doesn't really say what it actually says. We're good with Insurrectionists. And he's out there right now on cable news, on speeches, just praising an insurrection right now as part of his closing message. And the fact that that's not on front page of every media network or every newspaper every single day.


And again, pull up the, the post that he made where he said that January 6th was a staged riot by the government. Trump posted this two days ago to cover up the fact that they certified a fraudulent election. I ask you again, if Vice President Kamala Harris made one post like that, one post like that, would it be not just front page news, but every op-ed, every single page would be devoted to calling for her to immediately drop out. So why do we have these double standards? Let me give you another one. We talked at the beginning about Donald Trump going into this McDonald's.


He closed it down, he staged this event. Could you imagine if Vice President Kamala Harris though tried to do an event like that and she dressed up like that and then she was asked a basic question about the minimum wage and she refused to answer the question and she didn't use any of the kind of proper health and safety measures. When you actually are at a restaurant, I mean, just think about that. Don't you think the front page story would've been what a disastrous event that was? But no, the corporate media acts like this McDonald's brilliant McDonald's event that was such a, you know, I mean a a lot of them, they were just gonna go with that. This was open, he was serving the stuff and that's why we have to call them out at every step of the way.


Noah was not brilliant. And by the way, the key issue there as well is that remember in 2016, Donald trump's false promise. Donald Trump said that he would support raising the minimum wage. Guess what? When he was in office, he didn't support raising the minimum wage to all my people in Nevada. by the way, you know, Donald Trump's lies about no tax on tips. You know how I know it was a lie? 'cause guess what? Donald Trump was once in office. You know what Donald Trump's actual policy was? You wanna know all the people living in Nevada. No tips. Guess where your tips go to your boss. Donald Trump's rule that he wanted his labor secretary to pass is that your tips get stolen by your boss. So I guess you don't get taxed on tips that don't exist.


Go Google it. Research what Donald Trump's policy was. You know how it blocked, you know how it got stopped because Democrats put in an omnibus bill language that blocked that from taking place. Otherwise you would've lost all of your tips. That was Donald Trump's actual policy. So he goes around like the pied piper of scamming you and are you gonna fall for it in each and every place that you go? You know, he's laughing at you. You know when he goes back to Mar-a-Lago, he quite literally laughs and mocks you. He thinks you are stupid. He says that he goes to Mar-a-Lago. He goes, all my rich people, I'm gonna make you so much richer. I'm gonna make you so much richer. And he is up there on stage quacking like a duck.


And again, if you had a family member, friend, coworker, or anybody behave like that, they started quacking. And he said, what's your policy on fracking? What is your policy? And they did that. You'd say that they need serious, seriously help. So wake up America right now because we've got about two weeks or less than two weeks before this election and our entire United States of America is on the line.


Let's take our last quick break of the show. Let's face it. After night with drinks. I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference The next day, for example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day. Ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype. Plus with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-S at checkout for 15% off folks.


Now more than ever, we've got to stay calm. For me, staying calm, it's a way of life. It's how I synthesize process and ultimately explain data. It's the way I run this network. And there is a lot happening these days. I know. And if you've had difficulty focusing, look, you are not alone, but may I make a suggestion for you? It's called Calm, it's what I use. It's the number one app for sleep and meditation. And it gives you the power to calm your mind and change your life. Calm knows that everyone faces unique challenges in their daily lives. We're all different. And mental health isn't about a one size fits all solution. So Calm offers a wide range of content to help you navigate life's up and downs. With programs like Meditations to help you work through anxiety, sleep stories, sleep meditations, ground exercises, expert led talks com puts the tools you need right in your pocket and can help you dedicate just a few minutes each day to a healthier, happier life. So stress less, sleep more, and live a better life with calm. For listeners of our show, calm is offering an exclusive offer of 40% off a calm premium subscription at Calm, CALM calm.com/midas. So go to CA lm.com/midas for 40% off unlimited access to calms entire library. That's com.com/midas. Let's go links in description of YouTube and audio Ben, I love your calm rate. It, it, it's so calm. It's so can I be honest? It it, it I think brought my blood pressure down. Even just listening. Just wait till you use the app like we all do. It's I mean it's amazing. So definitely might as mighty out there. Check it out, it's fabulous.


And Brett ZBiotics, great read big fans of these sponsors, brothers links in the description for all those. And, and yeah guys, we're premiering a movie after this and so I'm actually very excited about this. I hope that all of you are able to join. What's going to happen is the movie is called FOR OUR DAUGHTERS. It's only like 29 minutes or so. So it's not a a, a large amount of time for for you to be watching watching. It's a great short documentary basically about how a lot of these evangelical churches around the country have become kind of taken under the spell of Maga. And it's about how To get them back to the actual teachings of the church. It's really a, an incredibly powerful poignant film and I hope you were able to join us to watch this movie.


Here's what you do. If you are watching us on YouTube live right now, after this, it should redirect you automatically to the movie. If it does not, here's what you could do. Go to our YouTube channel, just hit the Midas touch page. There is a section on the top of our channel page that says Midas Studios. And you'll see the movie right there. It's called FOR OUR DAUGHTERS. So you just click FOR OUR DAUGHTERS. You could hit the notify me button or you could just keep the page open. Go over there after four our daughters. Check it out. If you're listening to this on audio or watching this after the fact not live, don't worry, you could still do the same exact thing. Go to our channel page, go there, watch it now. I promise you you will enjoy it. It is powerful. And you know, with these movies we're like, we need To.


get these out there in these last few days of the election. We need to make sure as many people as possible see it. So if you like it, hit the thumbs up, leave a comment, share it with folks, make sure as many people as possible see these things Ben. You know, we're building out Midas movie studios and one of the things that we've identified is that there's so many great projects out there that just can't find distribution. So to use our platform to help these great filmmakers and writers get their work out in front of people, we're gonna be doing that from now into the election and their, and thereafter, these are really good movies that you know, you might see on a Netflix or a Hulu, but they're I think a little nervous to play these videos because they think, oh, it's too political or all of that.


By the way, that's something that we heard early on when we were first creating the network. But if you build it, they will come. The next film we're gonna be showing is one called Fight Like Hell, the Untold story of January 6th, which we're gonna be premiering here as well on the Midas Touch Network. So get ready for all of that. All right, let's talk about Donald Trump's other stunt that he did today and the fallout from, its becoming a major, major story. I'll do a whole hot take on this as well, but Donald Trump went to one of the disaster sites from Hurricane Helene in North Carolina so that he can get another photo op there. Remember immediately after the hurricane, while people were still in like search and rescue mode, Donald Trump did this.


Remember they had him like build a podium around him with like the bricks of a store that was just destroyed and that was actually stopping resources from getting to people in need. And then Donald Trump began right away as soon as the hurricane hit Unprecedented in American politics. 'cause usually we come together when it's things like disasters, we don't usually politicize that Donald Trump said that all of the aid was going to migrants and that's why people would not not be getting aid. And that all they would be entitled to receive is $750, which is 100% false. We had the head of FEMA pr, the main communications director of FEMA on here who explained in detail all of the programs that the $750 is just an immediate kind of no questions asked payment, just get you money right away.


But then people were entitled to all sorts of relief to make sure that you get the emergency aid that you need, the long-term aid that you need things to rebuild your business, things to give you immediate relief as well. There's a huge package of relief that people were entitled to, but Donald Trump was spreading lies. So people didn't even know that they could get these things because Donald Trump was preventing the accurate information from getting out. Also preventing quite literally medicine from getting in aid, from getting in people to be transported because Donald Trump Rule 1 0 1 in these emergencies is you do not make yourself the story if you are distracting from emergency relief.


That's why like President Biden and Vice President, Kamala Harris don't immediately go into disaster zones. I'm sure they want to be with the people, but they have an entire team of secret service and other people. And that could stop people from getting lifesaving care. Trump doesn't give a crap about people. When will you learn that? 'cause that's been his entire life story. He doesn't give a crap. I mean, we showed you video just even what last week when Donald Trump was giving a a a speech, I think it was also in Pennsylvania and there was no air conditioning and people were screaming, medic, medic, medic. 'cause there was no ac. And he was just kind of watching them. And that's when he was like, you know what?


While you all are suffering, oh let's listen to the YMCA. Let me bob my head while people were screaming, man, turn on the ac. 'cause he doesn't give a crap about people. That's a microcosm of it, but it's everything he does. So Donald Trump goes back there today and he creates a mess. Roads are shut down, highways are shut down. People are like, what's going on? Why can't we get to where we need to go? But Trump is in town and what's he doing? He holds this press conference and he's asked a question about, Hey, you realize that because of your lies, people who work at FEMA are in hiding because people, your followers are trying to kill them and threatening him.


And Trump's like, well, they should know how people feel about them. Here play this clip. President, president, President Trump, A armed gunman was arrested in charge of making threats against FEMA workers two Saturdays ago. FEMA had a safety stand down because of incredible threats. Is it helping the recovery effort in North Carolina to keep making these claims that FEMA's not doing their job Well? I think you have to let people know how they're doing if they were doing a great job. I think think we should say that too, because I think they should be rewarded. But if they're not doing, does that mean that if they're doing a poor job, we're supposed to not say it. These people are entitled to say it. And these are honest people behind this. If FEMA were doing well, they would be saying they did a good job.


They're not, for the most part political people, for the most part, they're not political people. But you've obviously seen nothing but you know, very bad statements coming out about the job that FEMA and this administration has done having to do with this area, North Carolina as a whole. And by the way, other states also, they're also complaining. But look, a lot of the money is gone. They don't have any money. They have to have. They have to have a meeting in Washington, a special meeting in Washington. To get money, it's all gone. They've spent it on illegal migrants. Many of them are murderers, many of them are drug dealers. Many of them come out of mental institutions and insane asylums.


And many of them are terrorists and they spent money to bring these people into our country and they don't have money to take care of the people from North Carolina and other states. So, you know, I think you have to be able to speak. Does that mean let's not talk about it because by doing that, they'll do a better job the next time. It's very important. Yeah. One more question. Yeah, everything he said there is absolutely false, including the fact that these are not political people. You quite literally have MAGA politicians standing behind you, who by the way, when they were not behind, you had to post that FEMA actually is doing a good job. Here are the resources that you are entitled to.


But now they're there giving you awards for spending five minutes in a closed down McDonald's. But this is what Donald Trump does with everything. He politicizes everything and tries to rip us apart, divide Americans against themselves. And then he's always like self-referential. You see all of the reports out there, they're reporting on the false stuff that you are saying. And then Donald Trump goes, well, I'm just citing the reports. The reports are the lies that you and MAGA are spreading. And then you're like, I'm just a reporter. I'm just out there just saying what's out there? No, you are the one spreading it. You are the main source of disinformation. And let's just say what it is.


Lies. Lies that kill people. You kill people every day, Donald trump with your lies and with the things that you do. So also, Donald Trump, he talked about this today, basically took credit for killing the bipartisan border deal again, we know he killed the bill 'cause he said, kill the bill. He said the bipartisan border deal should be killed. Why? Because the same way Donald Trump wants to run on pitting Americans against Americans by stopping and preventing people from getting relief that they need in a hurricane and lying to them and preventing people from accessing the resources that they're entitled To get. And FEMA is doing a great job.


The Republican governors in all of the states are saying FEMA is doing a great job. But Donald Trump wants to make people suffer. 'cause when people suffer, when people are vulnerable, that's when predators can take advantage of people the most. That's why you look at the elderly communities, often the number one victims of con artists and scams. Why? Because often they're in vulnerable positions. People who just suffer disasters or trauma are often targeted by con artists and scammers writ large. That's right out of the authoritarian playbook. The people like Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong-Un you make your people suffer 'cause if your people suffer, they're confused, they're hungry, they're desperate, and you can prey on them.


And that's exactly what Donald Trump does. We would write, you know, our state department and our defense apparatus when they would write their foreign policy memos about dictators. It would be stuff like that. How they take advantage of their own people suffering while these authoritarians build themselves palaces. And then what do they do? They would blame America or blame all these other countries for the suffering of their people. That's actually what Donald Trump does, right out of the authoritarian playbook. And then people need to access good, clean, accurate data. And Donald Trump's creates such confusion. And now you add Elon Musk to that apparatus. You add all this billionaire oligarchical people who want to control people and make themselves get more money.


It creates all of this confusion. Let me just read for you though, what people in North Carolina are saying. This is someone who was there. I've now heard from multiple people who were unable to make it to doctor's appointments. To get water distribution sites, or lost transportation options for the day because of Trump's stunt. It's always about him and him. Only hope traffic gets back open as he exits Asheville. Resident here to explain how pissed off the whole city is right now since Trump has closed down our busiest highways. 20, they gone. The Highway 26 is so bad on the south side and Hendersonville Road is locked up all the way from exit 44 to Fletcher Ingles.


That's over three miles. Worse traffic. I've seen all for that. Dork To get stroked off by his cult followers at a photo op and repeat the same female lies. We had been staying off the roads, but had an appointment. We had an abandoned less than 10 minutes from home and it took almost two hours to reroute just To, get back home. I kept wondering what would happen if an ambulance had To get through? Absolutely disgusting. And someone else goes, I was visiting Pennsylvania the week before last when he did his rally in Scranton. I kid you not, they were using dump trucks to block exits off the highway to help the flow of traffic. I don't know if that's normal or if they choose dump trucks at some sort of funny slight, all I know is I couldn't think of a better vehicle used to welcome a dumpster fire to town.


Remember in Scranton as well, that's where Donald Trump dressed up individuals behind him, like firefighters to pretend that they were Scranton firefighters and lie that he has their endorsement. And then the firefighter union had to say, no, we don't know who those people are. And they're not even firefighters. But then you take a look at the more macro level as well. Donald Trump's out there saying he does not believe in climate change. He says climate change is a hoax. He says, nobody talks about it anymore. Yes, we do. Lots of people talk about what it's realities are and how devastating it is. And then he says, also, you know, if anything, you're gonna get more beachfront property.


No, you won't in general, but that makes no sense. If the water overruns the beach, you'll, your entire city will be underwater. That's actually what goes down. But who goes around spreading these lies? Oh, wait a minute. The same person who said that Covid was a hoax right away. And he said like a miracle Covid was just gonna go away. You don't have to do anything. You know, one of the things that I like former President Barack Obama talking about, but corporate media networks needed to, and they failed miserably. And that stress test I was talking about earlier to speak with clarity, former President Barack Obama said, we handed Donald Trump the en the entire playbook of how you deal with a pandemic, specifically how you interact with governors, what you do with schools, how we address it, how we can deal with, you know, the contagion in foreign countries before it gets here.


How we can prepare people, how we can develop vaccines early on. A detailed playbook that Donald trump quite literally, literally shredded on day one in office. He shredded it. And so when you wanna talk about lockdowns, you wanted, those were all Trump lockdowns because no one knew what the hell to do because there was absolutely zero leadership except him lying and saying like a miracle, it's going to go away. And that's his view about climate change like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. It's not even real. The whole thing's a hoax bs. It is real. It is a serious issue that needs to be confronted. You know, I think about dictators for example, in, you know, I, remember, you know, in, in the early stages of when, when, when HIV was first, you know, being understood that there would be all of these dictators who would pretend that it wasn't a real thing, and they would say, no, it's not happening.


It can't happen to anybody. And they would lie about the data. They would say, there shouldn't be testing. That's Donald trump's. It's, it's a dictator's mindset to just lie rather than address the problem. Because the problem you believe is an affront to your intelligence versus something that needs to be solved with a team of people. You take offense to the very thing existing 'cause you are insulted by it. Versus recognizing that in life there are problems, there are going to be problems that arise in every presidential administration throughout history. That will always be the case.


You know why that's called life. And what you do is you have to address the problems. So you try to put people in positions who can help solve the problems. People with experience, people who surround themselves with intelligence, other people, people who speak in facts, people who test hypotheses, people who are decent, people who share compassion. That is what we should be looking for. But know the corporate media wants to do this like a horse race. They want to act like, oh, this person's up one, oh, this person's up one. Oh, well, here it goes. This's closer. This person's up one. How about you just freaking report what is happening? How about you just speak with moral clarity?


How about you just say, you know what? My job isn't to parize. If I am being bs, I'm going to say that is a lie and I'm going to call it out for the dangers that it poses. That's what the fourth estate should be about. And that's what we're trying to build here and continue to build at the Midas Touch Network to call these things out. Climate change is real and it needs to be addressed, and we need smart people to address it. That doesn't also mean though, that you fundamentally have to abandon economic expansion. Not at all. In fact, a lot of the great job growth here has actually come from green jobs.


And I know Magnas wanna go, oh, the green scam. The green scam. Tell that to people in Michigan who are now working in factories that were shut down before, because America was not leading on these issues and not leading in innovation on these issues. Brett and I, we were in Colorado where because of the infrastructure act, we saw the expansion of when Donald Trump goes all these windmills. We saw wind power actually creating jobs in America. And it's not just the wind power itself, it's the transport. It's all of the industry that builds around it. And it's actually employing people and it's helpful to the, to the country.


We've seen all of that in play, but no matter what it is, Donald Trump will take the choice to inflict harm. We talk about the bipartisan border deal, border deal Donald Trump wanted to cause chaos. He didn't want it solved. The Republicans don't want it solved. Why? So that they could complain about it and turn every issue into blaming migrants for everything. Because they can't come up with a plan. They don't want to come up with a plan. So it is a convenience scapegoat for them. But that's the scapegoat of authoritarians forever. I mean here. I think Donald Trump, we, we, we have the clip of him, I have dozens of clips where he says he killed the bipartisan border deal and blame him. I'll just show you the one he did in the past day where he goes, oh, that means I have a lot of power.


I guess I like when people say that I got power here playing this clip. And so they tightened it up a little bit. Oh look, our numbers are a little bit better. Look, oh, Trump stopped the bill. He told the Senate, Ted, did I ever tell you not to sign that bill? No. Right. I didn't tell anybody that. But they liked that. Trump stopped. I sort of liked it. It gives you such power. You know, you come from Queens and now I'm calling, you will not sign that Bill Senators, you are not, they have me calling up. You'll not sign that bill. Actually, I like that sort of, maybe I should go along with that story, Ted. That's something. Nobody's had that kind of power in a long time, right? Yeah, quite literally. James Langford, the Republican senator, said that he got a phone call on behalf of Donald Trump's proxy at Fox News who said, you have to kill the border deal or we will destroy your career.


A conservative Republican senator from Oklahoma, okay, who said that that bipartisan border deal would've been helpful to Americans, but Donald Trump killed that border deal. And folks, as we go through everything that happened today from the, you know, insane, the psycho, the dangerous, it's so that you know the stakes in this election. And I hope you are informed by this episode. And I hope that what we can continue to build together is something generational. It's not just a, oh, we got the election here. No, we need to build something for 2040. We need to build something for that's going to live far beyond all of us.


We need to give future generations a better future, frankly. And that starts with facts and the truth and honesty and decency. And that's what's on the ballot. It's not necessarily, you know, oh, this party, that party and more, it's moral clarity, it's moral character right now. So we'll leave you with that. Brett. As Brett mentioned, we've got the premier of the movie that's about to start right now. We're excited to share that with all of you. Tell us what you think about the growth of the Midas movie studios that we're developing. So excited, the projects that we even have planned for 2025, and hopefully by then, 2026 even, we'll start to be in movie theaters across the country and be on, you know, all of these other platforms as well.


Hit subscribe here. Let's get to 4 million subscribers, support our pro-democracy sponsors. The discount codes are in the description. You'll see the links in the description as well. Check that out. And make sure you're registered to vote. Make sure you're helping people vote early. Reach out to family members, neighbors, colleagues, coworkers, grandkids, niece, nephews, whoever. Lets, it's so important. You'll be the difference in this election. So I wanna thank everybody. We'll do an after show after this on patreon.com/midas. Touch, check it out. There's also store dot midas touch.com for all of our gear, and we gotta plan a live show to be with everybody as well.


And I know, we've got the, we've got the movie today, so we'll do one this week. I really wanna see everybody now that I'm back with the, the baby here and, and, and things are a little bit, a little more sleepless nights, but you know, oh yeah, may maybe, why don't we do this because we're doing the movie. We don't need to do an after show today. Why don't, why don't, we'll do a forum on Patreon so people can tell us what they thought about the movie and we could have a chat about the movie on Patreon. Let's do that. All right, thanks everybody for watching. Have a good one. Jordy, take it away. Shout out to the Midas.


Hey Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.