
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation. We thought we'd bring our prices down, So to help us. we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How ready? To get 30 30 bid. To get 30 bid. To get 20 20 20 bid. To get 2020 bid. To get 50 15, 15 15, 15 Just, 15 bucks a month. Sold Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of


Detail, The never ending grifts and scams and stunts and hustles of Donald Trump. Continue We, cover 'em all. Here at the Midas Touch Network, the latest, his running mate, JD Vance gave A speech in Detroit on Tuesday. And behind him there were people wearing shirts. You see It right there. It's at auto workers for Trump, but You guessed It. They're not actually auto workers. The Detroit News broke the story. They do A. Really good job. Chad Livengood isn their editor. And we've interviewed him before. They've been serving Michigan since 1873. Three. Craig Magar, who's there on the ground, said That.


He was speaking to these people and they admitted That, they're Just wearing the shirts and they're not actually auto workers. Let me Just show you the clip. First of JD Vance at the speech he gave in Detroit. He's talking about Donald Trump's relationship with Kim Jong-un apparently That ISN something That. He thinks That auto workers of Detroit care about That. Donald Trump writes love letters to Kim Jong-Un, but listen to It, but take, oh, look at the people in the background right there. And you can see the shirts That they're wearing here. Play this clip. One one of my fa one of my favorite Donald Trump moments of his first presidency. You You all may remember this, but do you know Kim Jong-un?


He's, he's, you know, he's, he's the leader of North Korea. And let's be honest, Kim Jong-Un hasn't skipped many meals. Okay? So Donald Trump goes to Kim Jong-un and all, you know, he meets with them and all the photographers come in and, and, and President Trump looks at the photographers and he says, all right, everybody make us look good. Make us look very thin. And K and Kim Jong-un shoots up like this. You know, he isn kind of, kind of offended A little bit, but what, what? It showed ISN. Donald Trump's. I'm not You know I, see A, lot of You laughing. but I'm not Just trying to make fun of Kim Jong-Un the point isn. You have to go and talk to people. You have to be willing to engage in diplomacy, engage in conversations.


That's how you keep the world from falling into disarray and war. And Donald Trump was better at It than anybody over the last 50 years. You see A zoomed in photo right there of the individuals Let Just show you what the Detroit News wrote. I wanna show you also, this isn't Just A one-time thing. Donald Trump's done this across the country, but he ISN done this before in Michigan. We'll Get to That in A moment. and that I also wanna share with you as well another scam. That was uncovered today by Judd Legum. How Donald Trump holds these contests on those emails. That he sends out, but there don't appear to ever be contest winners.


Just another scam he uses to take peoples money. Let's take oh look at the Detroit News article. JD Vans criticizes $500 million grant for EV project in Michigan as table scraps. Just. Think about It Just. Think about It. There's programs right now. That are putting people t work in Michigan creating high paying jobs. JD Vance and Donald Trump are against That because Donald Trump likes to deny science and he wants to Just attack green New Deal even though it's bringing in lots of jobs because It ISN A catchy slogan, here's the article, Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance campaign Tuesday in Detroit where he described $500 million That the federal government ISN providing to convert A General Motors plant in Michigan for electric vehicles as table scraps compared with larger job losses, he contends could be on the horizon.


So jobs are being created, but he's saying, trust me, like Donald Trump, trust me, there will be job losses in the future. Just, you see if We root against America enough, Just, you see your worst days are ahead of you. Whereas the Infrastructure Act, ISN actually bringing jobs to Michigan and all of Trump's promises about bringing plants all lies, all lies. Vance. The running made of former president Donald Trump A US senator from Ohio spoken into questions for about an hour in Detroit's Eastern market. She, three several hundred people attended the event, including more than A dozen who were wearing auto workers for Trump shirts. However, six of the people, so 50% at least That were responding to these questions, told the Detroit news on Tuesday, they were not actually auto workers.


For the third time in less than A Week, Vance was asked by A reporter about whether A future Trump administration, wouldn, honor investments in EV manufacturing. That had been planned for Michigan and didn't directly answer the question. And you know, so when you remember how We see these people behind Donald Trump and Donald Trump's speeches, right? What's he saying frequently? He goes, I hate overtime. Pay I don't pay people. Ha ha ha I stiff the people, he's saying that and that the people behind him are clapping and they're wearing auto workers shirts for Trump or Teamsters shirts or union workers. And it's like how are you union workers cheering for A guy who's saying that you shouldn't Get overtime pay and that you Get paid too much and that he wants to stiff people.


Well It seems That. They're wearing the shirts, but they aren't actually the people and corporate media ISN running with It. but thank you We have local media who's covering It. but like, remember when Donald Trump says this here, let's play this clip right here. I used to hate to pay overtime when I was in the private sectors. They say Oh I don don't want over It. You know, I I shouldn't tell you this. I'd go out and Get other people and Let 'em work regular time. It's terrible. I should, I'd say don Get me 10 other guys. I don't want to have time and A half I don't want have, but it'll be great. I mean it'll be those. So you'll also remember our coverage of the fact That. This We had A dig up in other local reporters and groups like Michigan, GOP Watch founded as well.


Big hat tip to them for their reporting. When You look through Donald Trump's federal election filings, You. See That. He had previously paid A non-Union shop in Clinton Township $20,000 to pretend That he was addressing the United Auto Workers. So Donald Trump rented out A facility. That was A non-union shop. He gave non-union workers and non non-union workers shirts. That said union members for Trump. He gave scabs, he gave this ISN the Ultimate Scab event and he gave people who weren't union members, union members for Trump and that he pretended That he was addressing union workers and that he told them That, they were picketing for the wrong reasons and they were striking for the wrong reasons.


You remember he said That, he goes, You Are doing It All wrong here. Watch this clip. In other words, your current negotiations don't mean as much as you think I mean. wouldn, Watch, You out there with the pickets, but I don't think you're picketing for the right thing That he wouldn Go out and give speeches and say I was at this union shop. I was with the auto workers and I told him and he wasn't. It was Just. A lie. It was Just A scam. He Just had people fake It and wear the shirts and he pretended he was in A Union Shop here, play this clip, hear It. All I was up in the other day in Michigan like the other night. We had an incredible crowd and they were the United Auto Workers, auto workers and and others. but We were sort of focused on the auto workers.


I said, you gotta endorse Trump because I'm gonna save your industry. We're gonna have A thriving car industry.


Prizepicks sits the best place To get real money sports action. So join over 10 million users and sign up today. Prizepicks puts its members first so all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When my picks hit, I can Get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. So sign up today, Get $50 instantly. when you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Price picks also offers weekly promotions. That can lead up to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday price picks discounts. Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think Justin Jefferson will Get more than 83.5 yards next week. Christian McCaffrey run for more than 75.5 yards. Cook up hot takes with your friends and when real money this football season, when you and your crew run your game on Prizepicks Prizepicks, it's the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off, which ones aren't? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long on Prizepicks. This week on Prizepicks, I'm looking at the football board and selecting Justin Jefferson for more than 83.5 receiving yards. And Patrick Mahomes for less than 267.5 passing yards. Sorry Patrick. Download the app today and use the code Midas To get $50 off instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prizepicks, run your game. Download the app today, use the code Midas once, can Prizepicks run your game code Midas


and Just to remind you this isn. When JD Vance was asked by reporters in the past week or so about whether or not Trump will revoke the $500 million investment into A Michigan auto manufacturing plant Just, like their policies are incredibly anti-Union play this clip. Good Ma'am. Hello, Senator Vance. I'm Sarah Leach. I'm from the Detroit News. The Biden administration awarded A $500 million grant to GM to convert an existing Cadillac car plant to an electric vehicle plant. Will A new Trump administration honor this for GM or pullback? Well ma'am, first of all, the $500 million grant came along with some really ridiculous strings and no protections for American jobs not getting shipped to foreign countries.


'cause A lot of not Just the the the cars themselves, but the battery components, the minerals, this stuff isn all produced in China. And so when We write massive checks on American taxpayer expense to these companies, A lot of times what we're doing isn selling American middle class jobs to the communist Chinese And can this ISN I can show you this across the country where they were doing this. Like do You Remember while Donald Trump was on the criminal trial where he was convicted of 34 felony counts and that he staged A Union workers for Trump event can non-union workers and that he had right wing media like Addison Smith tv who works for these right wing channels like Newsmax and O A n and others.


They interviewed this guy right here and they, they pretended That, they That this isn A black, black New Yorker to bite him. So like, look at this black New Yorker he's wearing A shirt That says American workers for Trump. and that in, in this clip, this guy says, I don't see you anywhere. I hope New York turns red because we're not voting for You. Let me Just show You what this guy says. Play this clip. I was It seeing the, the former president Oh It was absolutely incredible to see him on the streets of Manhattan beating up with, you know, your your working class folks here, the type That are out working hard at 6:00 AM It was my first time ever meet, ever meeting him and It was It was really, really dope.


So what's your message to Joe Biden? My message to Joe Biden I haven't seen you anywhere I hope New York turns red because we're not voting for you. How You doing Well as the community note points out. The gentleman here, ISN Indian isn an Indian American who does not identify as black. He's that he goes and says his name, ISN Vish Burra. And he's George Santos. And Matt Gaetz aid as Peter Henline says, the fakeness of Mag's perfectly illustrated. That's Vish Burra A member of the New York Young Republicans and George Santos, staffer, he ISN A MAGA operative who's being presented as A Union member New Yorker at A Union event wearing an American worker hat backing Trump.


This isn Just AstroTurf nonsense. Lemme Get to the last one of the day. I could do this for I could go five hours with scam after scam, but We gotta call It out. but wouldn, I'll Just go another three or four minutes and give you another one Today You know how I always show You those Trump emails. The scammy emails That, he sends like 10 times A day and there's always like competitions. Well, Judd Legum didn A bunch of digging and here's what he said. In A series of fundraising appeals sent to tens of millions of his supporters. Donald Trump offered A chance to appear with him on stage during the October 5th rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. It seems like It was A scam that you see the email right here, That Donald Trump said, It says, can We take A picture on stage together during my rally in Butler, Pennsylvania and that you can enter to win?


Join President Trump at his butler rally. He's not the president. I'd love to bring You up on stage was the subject line of the fundraising email. He sent the email over and over and over can I'm paying the entire cost of your trip. So Trump held the rally in Butler on Saturday and the only person he introduced on stage though was Elon Musk. There was no sign of any contest winner at any time during Trump's lengthy appearances at the rally. From the moment Trump took the stage to when he left almost two hours later was It all A scam. The Trump campaign seemed sensitive to this criticism. The bottom of Trump's October one email promoting the Butler contest invites supporters to meet our previous contest winners.


It includes A photo of Donald Trump, Trump Jr. And two supporters at the Miami Grand Prix event held in May, but there could not have been A contest to meet Trump at the Miami Grand Prix because according to US A today, the race organizers didn not even disclose before the race. If Trump wouldn attend for security reasons, A database of Trump's fundraising appeals contains no mention of the Miami event. Trump has A history of promoting dubious and outright fraudulent contest. Popular information identified more than A dozen of them during the 2020 campaign. In 2022, the Washington Post reported on A contest for A meal with Trump in New Orleans That no one ever won.


So more of the same here from Donald Trump. Now isn this having an impact on the polls in places like Michigan. It seems That It does. Vice President Kamala Harris ISN now making significant gains in Michigan over Donald Trump. The polling now isn in favor of her there from the Detroit news poll, which previously had Trump ahead also two and three likely Michigan voters think Donald Trump's 20% tariff plan will lead to higher prices. And seven in 10 voters aren't seeing the massive crime wave Trump ISN talking about on the stump. Also, vice president Kamala Harris has A big advantage over Donald Trump among early Michigan voters.


Polls show about 42% of Michigan voters supporting the Democratic Vice President said they are planning to cast an an absentee ballot while about 18% of those supporting the GOP former president plan to vote absentee as well. So take all of the facts, tell me what you think, hit subscribe. but I think it's important. That, We, go through those scams and stunts. Thanks for watching. Have A. Good day. Shout out to Detroit News. Shout out to Legum. Shout out to you, Midas mighty love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.