
You could imagine that if that Kamala Harris turns up in a debate, one-on-one with Donald Trump, she could wipe the floor with him. So it'll be interesting to see whether he does relent. Kamala Harris would be smart to say the voters deserve to see as much of me and Donald Trump side by side as possible. We should have weekly debates because Donald Trump's been inviting Joe Biden to have weekly debates all year. So now the tables are turned. She is the one who has youth agility and and interest on her side. That was A BC Australia right there, and they had it spot on. Donald Trump is terrified of debating vice President Kamala Harris now that she's become the presumptive democratic nominee for President Donald Trump.


Spiraling out of control. Last night post after post whining and complaining about having to debate Vice President Harris. Take a look at what Donald Trump posted. And then I wanna show you some of the highlights of Vice President Harris's debate performances over the years to show you what Donald Trump is in for and also why he is so terrified. This is actually gonna be pretty great, folks. Here's what Donald Trump posted last night. He goes, my debate with crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in history of the United States, was slated to be broadcast on fake news, A, B, C, the home of George sloppy dolos sometime in September. Now that Joe has not surprisingly has quit the race. I think the debate with whomever the radical left Democrats choose should be held on Fox News rather than the very biased A, B, C.


Thank you DJT. Then he writes again, who is running our country right now. It's not crook to Joe. He has no idea where he is. If he can't run for office, he can't run our country. Then he writes again, Biden never had Covid. He is a threat to our democracy. Then he writes again the posting at all hours of the night. It's not over. Exclamation point. Tomorrow crooked Joe Biden is going to wake up and forget that he ever dropped out of the race. Today. Ron Philip Kowski, editor in chief at the Midas Touch Network goes, the people who said they would be thrilled to run against Harris aren't acting like they're thrilled to be running against Harris. Careful what you wish for. We wrote on the Midas Touch social media accounts, and my younger brother Brett wrote Pro-democracy.


Americans across all factions are uniting to defeat the fascist just like the French did. It is a beautiful site. This other account said God must have spared Trump so a black woman could beat him. Many people are strongly saying this in one more account said Democrats saw a bad debate performance and made way for a new nominee. Republicans saw the access Hollywood audio tapes January 6th, 34, felony counts and cap. Donald Trump. Both parties are not the same and never will be. All right, let's take a look at Vice President Kamala Harris's debate performance. Here she is in the Democratic primary debate back in 2020. Just take a look at this. Let's watch it. We have a criminal living in the White House, and there is no question that in 2020, the biggest issue before us until we get to that tender moment is justice is on the ballot.


And what we saw today is Ambassador Sandlin, by his own words, told us that everyone was in the loop. That means it is a criminal enterprise engaged in by the president from what we heard today, the Vice president, the Secretary of State, and the chief of staff. And so this not only points to the corrupt nature of this administration and the need for these impeachment proceedings to go forward, but it also points to another issue. And back to the question that you asked earlier, which is what does this mean for the American people? 'cause what it means when I Watch this is that there are clearly two different set of rules for two different groups of people in America.


The powerful people who with their arrogance think they can get away with this. And then everybody else. Because here's the thing, for those working people who are working two and three jobs, if they don't pay that credit card by the end of the month, they get a penalty for the people who don't pay their rent. They get evicted For the people who shoplift, they go to jail. We need the same set of rules for everybody. And part of the reason I'm running for president is to say that we have to bring justice back to America for all people and not just for some. And here's a video that we did at the Midas Touch Network back on October 8th, 2020, following the debate between Vice President Kamala Harris and former Vice President Mike Pence, who's no longer Donald Trump's running mate, because Donald Trump encouraged Insurrectionists to try to kill him.


Take a look at this video we made back in 2020 where you see Vice President Harris debate here, play this clip. This Is important. And I wanna add if Mr. Vice President, I'm speaking, I have, I'm speaking it is asking too much of the people. Susan, We talked Is asking too much of the people. Well, Susan, thank you. Although I would like to go back, I, I think we need to move on to The issue of well, thank you, but I would like to go back In 1864. No, I'd like you to answer the question, Mr. Vice President speaking. I'm speaking. Okay. We learn from it and I, I think American people I see again can be Vice president. I'm sorry, Your time we have done, she has 15 seconds because well, I gotta have Than That I'm look, well you, I'm sorry. But vice president, you've had more time than she's had.


Listen The truth and the fact is Joe Biden has been very clear he will not raise taxes on anybody who makes less than $400,000 a year. He said he's gonna appeal the Trump tax credit. Mr. Vice President, I'm speaking. Wait, I'm speaking If. you don't mind letting me finish. We can then have a conversation. Okay, please. Okay. And you can see right here that her prosecutorial skills translate to debates. Take a look at this. There are plenty of people who applauded black women for the success of the 2018 election, applauded black women for the election of a senator from Alabama. But you know, at some point folks get tired of just saying, oh, you know, thank me for showing up and want and, and say, well show up for me.


Because when black women, when black women are three to four times more likely to die in connection with childbirth in America, when the sons of black women will die because of gun violence more than any other cause of death when black women make 61 cents on the dollar as compared to all women who tragically make 80 cents on the dollar, the question has to be where you been and what are you gonna do? It's the account at Vote Kamala, who also posted that. And by the way, doesn't Donald Trump's selection of JD Vance also look like so small and pathetic right now as this one account put it?


I can't explain it. But doesn't JD Vance look like the guy at the bachelor party that doesn't know any, any of the other groomsmen? It's such a funny point. And the guy is just such a pony. By the way, the guy claims he's from Appalachia. He's not, he's like from the suburbs in Ohio. Then he went to Silicon Valley, then came back, ran a sham charity where he exploited victims of the opioid e epidemic. The only thing that he funded was a researcher who worked with Purdue Pharma, who actually helped produce Oxycontin. I mean the whole thing's a sham, but I guess that's what makes him a running mate for Donald Trump. So you take all of those clips I just showed you.


And I also want you to think about this one. And this is Sam Greisman who wrote this. He said, this is Vice President Kamala Harris explaining how she's going to cook Donald Trump at the debates here. Play the clip. It's getting a fresh Turkey. Yeah. Okay. It's being delivered tomorrow. And so just little one minute out. I have one minute. Okay. Yeah. Kosher salt, fresh ground pepper. Maybe chop up a little thy and just, and then you can mix it even a little. Okay. So do the salt and pepper all over it. Like, like just like lather that baby up right? With on the outside in the cavity, you could also chop up, do, but not with the thyme, just the salt and pepper. Mix that up also with some thyme.


You could even do a little rosemary If. you want under the skin with some butter before you're gonna cook it so that, that, that butter will just melt in there. And then get a nice big bottle of, of cheap white wine to baste with butter. Yes. Hi. Okay. Yes.


Well, this episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Montera Honey, also known as Honey with Superpowers. Let me share something sweet with you. And I mean really sweet. It's something that's become a staple in my routine and I think you are going to love it. I'm talking about Manco honey. When I say honey, you might be picturing those bear shaped bottles in the supermarket, but that is not what this is. Manco Honey is single origin, rich, creamy, and the most delicious honey you've ever had. It's supercharged with unique antioxidants and prebiotics and is three times more than your average honey Montera honey supports immunity, aids digestion, boosts energy, and helps balance inflammation. It's a game changer and all you need is one to three teaspoons a day. On top of that, Monte Chora Honey has a natural antibacterial compound called MGO only found in Manuka honey. So if you're looking for something simple and delicious to add to your wellness routine, we found your new healthy habit and now it's easier than ever to try Manacor Honey with the starter kit. Just head to manacor.com/midas. To get $25 off the starter kit comes with an NGO eight 50 plus Manuka honey. Five honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon plus a guidebook. Now I love the jar and squeeze bottle, but the extra pack of compostable honeys sticks is perfect for whenever you're on the go. You could bring them with you when you're traveling or need a quick snack running errands, and they are the perfect energy boost. If you're out for a run or at the gym, that's M-A-N-U-K-O-R a.com/midas To, get $25 off your starter kit. This is the ultimate honey indulge and try some honey with superpowers from Manacor. Look, this stuff is amazing and really provides the pump I've been looking for. I look forward to Manacor every morning. Make sure you click the link in our description or head to manacor.com/minus and try some out today.


That that one made me laugh. Now compare that to Donald Trump. Donald Trump who's in steep mental decline, far too old and far too mentally incapacitated to run for president or lead the nation. This is the video we created at the Midas Touch Network. Play this clip And my stupid people, when I wanted to refute it, they said, sir, don't dignify it with a refu. Have you been noticing peculiar behavior recently and someone you know carried By Someone who mixes fiction and reality? The late great Hannibal Lecter is a wonderful man, perhaps Someone of advanced age, you have known for years.


Did you just see Maduro Venezuela, although it's unbelievable, Venezuela, Of course, we all have our goofs. But consistently odd behavior can be a sign of frontotemporal dementia, a degenerative disease of the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain that dramatically impairs cognitive function. And there are some key signs to look out for, like slurring words. The failing New York Times by anonymous, really an anonymous Struggling to find the correct words is another sign. The Mueller report, I wish covered the oranges, the oranges, the oranges of the investigation.


You may also notice someone veering into incoherent ideas detached from reality. You know what I'd do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted? I'll take electrocution every single time. I'm not getting near the shore Or an inability to complete simple sentences. Saudi Arabia and Russia will repeat. Other notable symptoms include impaired motor function such as a wavering limb and decreased balance, often accompanied by a signature lien or arched stance. If someone you know is demonstrating several or all of these symptoms, they are seriously unwell as a matter of safety, they must be relieved of critical responsibilities and disqualified from any position of authority.


Remember, frontotemporal dementia is a degenerative disease. Cognitive function will never return and will only deteriorate further. Don't ignore the signs Since I started this video with a clip from a b, C News in Australia. I think I'll conclude with another clip, Australian related. I know we have a lot of Australian followers here at the Midas Touch Network, and thanks for your support. This is the former Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull. Here he is talking about Donald Trump's infatuation with Putin and dictators.


Here play this clip. When you see Trump with Putin, as I have on a few occasions, he's like the 12-year-old boy that goes to high school and meets the captain of the football team. My hero. It is really creepy. It's really creepy. Now I don't, and that struck you at the time. Oh, absolutely. It struck everybody. It was. It was like you could touch it, it was creep. The creepiness was palpable. Are you trying to say they're having a bromance? No, I'm not saying. I'm not saying, I'm just telling you what I saw. Regrettably, the Republican party under Donald Trump, and particularly the right wing of the Republican Party, are very sympathetic to Vladimir Putin.


I mean, I've been with Trump and Putin. Trump is in awe of Putin. Tyrants are often popular. You see, the key to democracy, liberal democracy is that it empowers the majority, but it also through the rule of law, constrains the majority. And If, you get to the point where anybody who can muster a majority, and I don't think Trump can do that by the way, but anyone who can muster a majority is given absolute power and then can do whatever they like to the minority. That's not a democracy. That is a tyranny that that is, that is an autocracy. Even if it's got the support of 50, 51% of the population.


That is not what makes a democracy. A democracy as we understand it, is one where the rule of law protects all citizens. And the rule of law applies to all citizens, whether they're the president or the Prime Minister or an ordinary, you know, elector. The Lincoln Project posted this photo right here. This is gonna ruin the world tour. I found that to be pretty funny right there and there you have it right now. We'll keep you posted, but Donald Trump certainly doesn't seem to be wanting to do the debate. Also, here's the new Midas touch hat, by the way, at store, not midas touch.com. It's the unburdened hat right there.


You can check it out. And that was after, you know, one of the lines from Vice President Harris, and this is what Trump War Room posted. They said, this account is living unburdened by what has been. And then to which some of the other MAGA people are like, dude, drop the usage of that phrase. They're going to spin that into marketing for her campaign. They've been creating TikTok videos of her saying that over Charlie X the X Songs and Gen Z loves it. It's a whole new race, folks, it's subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.