
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please, for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel any anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by PDS debt, struggling with credit cards, personal loans, medical bills, or collections. It's time to stop worrying about that high interest debt you've got. Piling up PDS debt can help you start saving money immediately. Their platform can analyze your unique situation and create a plan to get you out of debt. There's no minimum credit score required, and it takes 30 seconds to get your results. With P ds debt, you'll take back control of your finances. Get a free debt analysis in just 30 seconds at PDs debt.com/spotify.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes. Without the ads,


Americans are rising up against Donald Trump. Trump's approval is tanking fast. Donald Trump, I think realizing that he is a cornered rat. Let's talk about what happened over the weekend. Russian State regime media continued to talk about how Donald Trump and Putin are now fully aligned on their attacks of nato, Ukraine, and Europe. Take a look at what happened on Russian state regime media. Let's play the clip. Trump. When Trump is answering questions about the press conference, I think it is not a coincidence that many of the narratives that are being voiced largely materialized after their conversation.


The phrases he's saying are so deep and so correct. They're in total alignment with the way we see things. Then the United States Secretary of Defense, who has no experience to hold that position, former Fox host Pete Heif, who never commanded any military before holding this position, Pete Hegseth said that he refused to say whether Russia was the aggressor or not in Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine, quite literally spewing Russian propaganda. Let's play it. Polinsky should come to the table because this economic partnership is an important thing for the future of his country, and we hope that he will very soon.


But Fair to say, Russia attacked unprovoked into Ukraine three years ago tomorrow. Fair to say, it's a very complicated situation. Okay, We'll leave it there. Over the weekend, folks, there were elections that were held in Germany, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, JD Vance, and the MAGA supported Germany's neo-Nazi, a FD party. The A FD party came in second. They did not win the C-S-U-C-D-U party led by Frederick MAs, who will become the next chancellor. They prevailed in the election. Mayors will become the next chancellor in his acceptance speech after becoming the next chancellor.


The presumptive chancellor, Frederick Mayors said that Donald Trump, Elon Musk, and Washington were now no less radical and outrageous than that of Moscow. Germany now views America basically no different than they view Putin. That's what Donald Trump has done to the United States and how Donald Trump has turned Europe and NATO and Canada and all of our traditional allies against the United States. Furthermore, over the weekend, Donald Donald Trump appointed the podcast host and conspiracy theorists who never worked a day in the FBI. As the deputy director of the FBI, I'm talking about Dan Bon Gino.


FBI. Agents are absolutely furious. At this appointment, Donald Trump posted the following great news for law enforcement and American Justice Dan Bonino, a man of incredible love and passion for our country, has been named the next deputy director of the FBI by the man who will be the best ever director Cash Patel, as Ken Delaney of NBC rights. Traditionally, the deputy FBI director has been a career FBI agent. That is particularly important when the director has no experience at the FBI. Donald Trump tonight announced he's appointing as Deputy Director Dan Bino, a former Secret Service agent and prolific conspiracy theorist.


He has never spent a day working at the FBI, but he has spent many hours spouting baseless falsehoods about the bureau such as that. The FBI lied when they said they don't have a suspect and the pipe bombs as outside the RNC and DNC on January 15th, 2021. Current and former FBI officials are appalled and extremely concerned for the national security of the country, and I would say the biggest reason though that Americans are pissed, even though those ones are hugely, hugely. A reason why as well is that Donald Trump has gutted the federal government, attacked people's Medicaid, tried to remove people's healthcare, and is doing everything he can to try to destroy our economy.


We saw the markets crash at the end of last week. When you take a look at Trump's approvals from the latest Ipsos poll and the approvals of maga, it is so underwater on just about every issue. Let's go through it. Here is a question in the latest Ipsos poll from February 18th, I imagine the next Ipsos poll is gonna be even worse. Would you rather see the next Congress controlled by Democrats or Republicans, voters by a 54 to 41% margin? Say, Democrats next, voters were asked. Americans were asked about various policies that Donald Trump is pursuing, like ending DEI or banning trans people from the military or making it easier for Trump to fire longtime federal workers on basically every single issue.


Americans are against and strongly against everything that Trump and his authoritarian regime are doing, and people are livid and pissed, especially at Elon Musk net support for ending DEI in government, negative 3% meaning people don't like Trump's DEI policies. Whatever they, whatever that even means other than they're clearly, it's clearly racist, pretext, banning trans people from the military, negative 11%, making it easier for presidents to fire longtime federal workers, negative 21% shutting down U-S-A-I-D negative 21% blocking health agencies from communicating without approval from Trump appointee, negative 43% Describe the nation's economy these days.


52% of Americans say not so good. 21% of Americans say poor. Almost 80% of Americans believe we have a bad economy. Contrast that to the conclusion of former President Biden, where consumer rise Biden's term where consumer confidence was growing, where inflation was supposed to shrink to about 2%. Former President Biden created about 16.4 million new jobs. There was never a month where jobs were lost, unemployment was at record, lows, employment was at all time highs. Wages were rising, interest rates were being cut.


The stock market was up 55 60%. Your 401k was doing great under former President Biden, and I'm sure If you, if you've even had the courage to look at it recently, it is in the tank once again, thanks to Trump, the same way it was in the tank in the first Trump administration, but it's getting even worse right now. Other polling questions from this Ipsos poll, support for pardoning, those convicted of violent crimes related to January 6th. As Trump did, 83% of Americans oppose approval of Elon Musk shutting down. Federal programs he decides are unnecessary. Only 26% of Americans approve, but has a net negative 26% rating.


76% of Americans say gas prices are too high and not good. The income of average Americans, 72% of Americans say not good or poor. 92% of Americans say food prices are too high and not good. Only 35% of Americans say that Donald Trump can be trusted at all. While all of this is going on, Donald Trump and Elon Musk are making posts like this trigger warning. Elon Musk frequently uses the R word over and over again. He posts memes like this. They always say, okay, retard. They never say, are you okay?


Retard? This is the type of person who is somehow controlling our government, who's gained access to your medical records, your social security information, your tax records, him and a bunch of 19 to 24 year olds who refer to themselves as Mr. Big Balls. They're getting your records. Others, from these 19 to 24-year-old cohorts saying all this like racist and horrific stuff, why do they have access to your stuff? Why are they firing all of these hardworking government officials dehumanizing them, lying and saying they're fi, they're firing them for cause to prevent them from even getting unemployment and some of the most despicable stuff imaginable taking place right now.


One thing to mention too is that Donald Trump's dangerousness is also matched by his incompetence and Idiocracy. Donald Trump celebrated the fact that the conservative party, the C-S-U-C-D-U won in Germany, even though Friedrich Mes, the new chancellor, hates Donald Trump and gave his acceptance speech saying that Europe is gonna break away from Trump, that Trump can't be trusted. That Trump to him is no different than Putin 'cause Trump's an idiot and he's like, oh, the conservative party. Donald Trump's preferred party was the A FD, which is the neo-Nazi party, and they were the ones that lost the election, but Donald Trump pretended that, that he was the big victor in this, that Donald Trump got the conservative party that literally ran against him to win.


It's just how stupid it is. Also, you also had Donald Trump's special envoy showing up on CNN and other networks against spouting pro-Russian propaganda. Here's Trump's special envoy to the Middle East, who for some reason now has become the special envoy to Ukraine apparently, because Donald Trump doesn't like Keith Kellogg, the original special envoy here play this clip That the, the war irrespective of who started it needs to end. Too many people's lives have been expunged as a result of it, and it just doesn't make sense to the President. He wants to be the peacemaking president. Peace through strength, and I don't blame him.


I actually concur right down the line with his thought process around this. That's one. Two, that the war didn't need to happen. It was provoked. It doesn't necessarily mean it was provoked by the Russians. There were all kinds of conversations back then about Ukraine joining nato. The president has spoken about this that didn't need to happen. It basically became a threat to the Russians, and so we have to deal with that fact and those are real facts on the ground here, but be that as it may, the Russians have indicated that they are responsive to an end to this. By the way, as Rachel Maddow posted this from the New York Times, one of Mr.


Trump's claims about Ukraine offers a case study in his myth making. He said that the United States has provided $350 billion in aid to Ukraine three times as much as Europe, but that much of money is missing and that Mr. Zelensky admits that half of the money we sent him is missing. In fact, the United States has allocated about a third of what Trump claimed, even less than Europe, and none of it is known to be missing. Literally everything Donald Trump says is a lie. Donald Trump also posting memes like this terrorizing the federal workers who he is firing and who he's treating, like absolute crap. He make he and he mocks them. He mocks our federal workers like they're not hardworking people, like they're crappy people.


These are hardworking Americans that Donald Trump and Musk and these billionaires just treat like trash dehumanize. It is despicable Trump. This is a real post from Donald Trump. I mean, could you ever imagine that the president of the of the United States would make posts like this? It's a SpongeBob meme, and then it says, got done last week, and he, and he's mocking the federal workers, cried about Trump, cried about Elon, made it into the office for once, read some emails, cried about Trump and Elon some more. I mean, it's just, it's just nasty and despicable stuff right there as well. Also, Donald Trump sending emails like this, buddy, have you seen the only official Doge shirt?


Here it is. It's the Doge shirt right here. Let me show you this one other clip from Pete Hegseth here. He says, the reason that he's firing all of the top military lawyers, in addition to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff, CQ Brown, is because he wants to make sure they, there won't be roadblocks to anything that happens. Let's play this clip Branches for people who may not know, I mean, they, they give advice to the military about what is lawful and what isn't. Not surprisingly, there's been some backlash to those who are worried about their removal. One Georgetown law professor says this, Trump also firing the Army, Navy, and Air Force Jags. In some ways, that's even more chilling than firing the four stars.


It's what you do when you're planning to break the law. You get rid of any lawyers who might try to slow you down. Your response to her, I don't know who Rosa is and her, what her hyperbole is all about. Ultimately, we want lawyers who give sound constitutional advice and don't exist to attempt to be roadblocks to anything, anything that happens in their spots. What we know about these T Jags, they're called t jags inside the military. Traditionally, they've been elected by each other or chosen by each other, which is exactly how it works often with the chairman as well. Small group of of of insulated officers who perpetuate the status quo. Well, guess what? Status quo hasn't worked very well at the Pentagon. It's time for fresh blood, so we're gonna open.


Yeah, they're not even hiding anymore. They're fascist designs. Oh, and by the way, this clip resurfaced recently as well. This is Elon Musk ignoring his human shield child prop. You can see it right here. This was from an event that he spoke. I think this was the Madison Square Garden event, but here play this clip. We don't have too many, but that one is a good one. No, I watched this rocket come down about three months ago. You're leaving a little boy and I, There you have it, folks. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.