
Over the past several days, three females have been found dead. Looks like someone's going after these girls. Then they have to know to wash their backs streaming March 13th. You really want what happen to this when it happened to you. Exactly. Why I need to keep going on this starring Emmy Award winner, Amanda Seyfried. I'm worried about what you're gonna find. So am I. Long Bright River, a limited series streaming March 13th, only on Peacock.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of a top podcast included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/a free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Donald Trump just wrapped up a press conference where he'd literally crashed the stock market based on what he was saying. Donald Trump threatened Canada and Mexico said tariffs will indeed take place tomorrow. Then Donald Trump posted on his social media platform, tariffs will be fun. He told the farmers have fun based on all of the greatness he's going to bring when he's actually going to devastate them. At the close of the day, the markets were down as such, the Dow was down 1.48%. The s and p 500 was down 1.76%. These Nasdaq was down 2.64%. You can literally see the market crashing as Donald Trump is speaking at this press conference and talking about the tariffs play.


This clip The United States has been taken advantage of for, for 40 years. The United States has been a laughing stock for years and years. That's why this gentleman is built in Taiwan instead of building here. Would've been better if he built here, if we had a president that knew what they were doing and we had a lot of 'em very bad on trade. And at one point during his speech, the Dow was almost down a thousand points. Donald Trump was then speaking about President Zelinsky. He praised Putin again. He talked about how yes, America is aligned essentially with Russian foreign policy. With Putin policy and said Zelinsky should be more appreciative of him.


Here play this clip President. He was president. What do you need to see from President Zelensky to restart these negotiations? Well, I just think he should be more appreciative because this country has stuck with them through thick and thin. We've given them much more than Europe, and Europe should have given more than us. 'cause as you know, that's right there. That's the border. This, this country really was like the fence on the border. It was, it was very important to Europe. And I'm not knocking Europe, I'm saying that just they were a lot smarter than Joe Biden. 'cause Joe Biden didn't have a clue. He just gave money hand over a fist. Yes. This press conference was an absolute disaster. Donald Trump then decides to attack our ally Taiwan.


And he says all these horrible things about them play. This clip Gonna go on for a long time and he better not be right about that. That's all I'm saying. This project, could this minimize the impact of the US with chips? Should China decide to isolate Taiwan or China decide to take Taiwan? Well, Well, it's a very interesting point. It's a great question actually. But this would certainly, I, I can't say minimize. That would be a, a catastrophic event, obviously. But it will at least give us a position where we have in this very, very important business, we would have a very big part of it in the United States. So it would have a big impact. If something should happen with Taiwan, it's Awfully suspicious a, that Donald Trump seems to always just be attacking our allies and never saying anything negative about our enemies.


What does that tell you about him? Huh? Hmm. He or Donald Trump doesn't answer a question asking him if he's bringing us policy in alignment with Moscow play this clip. Are You considering canceling military aid to Ukraine? And can we get a reaction to what the minister said that your administration is bringing us worldview in alignment with Moscow. So this is a deal that should have never happened. This is a deal that would've never happened. And it didn't happen for four years. It didn't happen. It was never even close to happening. If I were president, would not have happened. And October 7th would've hap would not have happened in Israel and inflation wouldn't have happened.


And Afghanistan disastrous the way they withdrew. Not the fact that they withdrew, but the way they withdrew would've never happened. And we would've had Bagram right now instead of China having it, it was one hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons. We would've kept Bagram, but one of the biggest air bases in the world. All of these things happened, and it's a shame, but it is what it is. And now we're here. I wanna see it end fast. I don't wanna see this go on For years and years now, president Zelinsky supposedly made a statement today in ap. I'm not a big fan of ap, so maybe it was an incorrect statement, but he said he thinks the war's gonna go on for a long time and he better not be right about that.


That's all I'm saying. To watch this also over here, you can literally watch the stock market tank in the bottom corner of Fox's broadcast as Trump keeps talking about. The tariffs play this clip. I'm a huge fan of Ronald Reagan, but he was bad on trade, very bad on trade. He allowed a lot of people, a lot of businesses to be taken. So I say that with due respect. 'cause I, I, he was so great on other things, but he was bad on trade. We are setting records right now. Records like nobody has ever seen before. When you have companies like this coming in, and almost 40% of their company in one signature is gonna be devoted to what he does, which is one of the most important important businesses in the world.


That's an unbelievable thing when Apple now is gonna start building all of their plants. Here, Here, Trump doesn't deny that his foreign policy is in line with Putin. But instead rants about O Biden. He says, O Biden here, play this clip Question from Russia saying that your foreign policy is largely in line with their vision. Should that be concerning to Americans? Said, what should that be concerning to Americans? Read the Statement that Russia, Russia says that your administration's foreign policy is quote largely in line with their vision. Well, I'll tell you what I think it takes two to tango and you're gonna have to make a deal with Russia and you're gonna have to make a deal with Ukraine. You're gonna have to have the ascent and you're gonna have to have the consent from the European nations.


'cause I think that's important. And from us, I think everybody has to get into a room, so to speak, and we have to make a deal. And the deal can be made very fast. It should not be that hard a deal to make. It could be made very fast. Now maybe somebody doesn't wanna make a deal, and if somebody doesn't wanna make a deal, I think that person won't be around very long. That person will not be listened to very long. Because I believe that Russia wants to make a deal. I believe certainly the people of Ukraine wanna make a deal. They've suffered more than anybody else. We talk about suffering, they've suffered. But If you think about it, under President Bush, they got Georgia, right? Russia got Georgia under President Obama.


They got a nice big submarine base, a nice big chunk of land where they have their submarines. You know that right? Crimea under President Trump, they got nothing. And under President Biden, they tried to get the whole thing. They tried to get the whole big, big Ukraine, the whole thing. If I didn't get in here, they would've gotten the whole thing. So As the market is tanking, Fox then reports White House will suspend or may suspend or cancel all Ukraine aid. Well, that's not really a shocker based on the fact that Donald Trump is essentially doing Putin's bidding at this point.


While that's taking place as well, you have a Melania Trump holding a press conference with Ted Cruz, who Donald Trump bullied Ted Cruz and Ted Cruz's wife. But Ted Cruz loves to take it like that. And here Melania Trump said, really, the widespread abusive behavior online is a big problem that she's working on here, play this clip. Thank you so much, Senator Cruz. I think that should be all It is on, It's not very loud. Good afternoon.


I'm here with you today with a common goal to protect our youth from online harm. The widespread presence of abusive behavior in the digital domain affects the daily lives of our children, families, and communities. Addressing this issue is essential for fostering a safe and supportive environment for our young people. I hope today's round table builds awareness of the harm cause by non-consensual intimate imagery and eventually the approval of the take it down in Congress.


In today's AI driven world, the threat of privacy breaches is alarmingly high. As organization harness the power of our data, the risk of unauthorized access and misuses of personal information escalates. We must prioritize robust security measures and uphold strict ethical standards to protect individual privacy. As First Lady, my commitment to the BBE initiative underscores the importance of online safety.


In an era where digital interactions are to daily life, it is imperative that we safeguard children from mean spirited and hurtful online behavior. Yes, as Aaron Rupert points out, she says this, while sitting next to Ted Cruz, whose wife was the target of the Trump tweet below, also Donald Trump consistently posts deep fakes of women. Like I don't like, I mean, how ridiculous is this that during the campaign, Donald Trump posted these fake AI images of Taylor Swift and fake Swifties pretending that these Swifties and Taylor Swift supported Donald Trump.


We called it out during the campaign. I know corporate media was like, oh, that's just trumping Trump everybody. Ha ha. We're like, no, he's doing deep fakes and AI of Taylor Swift, who he's mocking at the same time. I mean, it's despicable behavior. Then you have Melania there with Ted Cruz like, are you kidding me? I'm not though. Also, the crypto markets crashing as well. Crypto markets plunging right now. And this follows Donald Trump announcing that he was creating a crypto reserve with a lot of shit coins. It was his announcement that he's gonna use your taxpayer dollars while cutting your Medicaid, while cutting critical social services to buy mean coins and stuff like that.


But even after announcing that, he's now tanking the crypto market as CNN and others have reported the stocks tumble as Trump's confirms tariffs on Mexico and Canada are coming. Just hear Donald Trump is saying it again, play this clip. But so we're going April 2nd, but very importantly, tomorrow tariffs 25% on Canada and 25% on Mexico. And that'll start. So they're gonna have to have a tariffs. So what they have to do is build their car plans, frankly and other things in the United States, in which case they have no tariffs in other, More Donald Trump rambling about a deal that should never have happened. I I'm always talking about here play this clip And we and, and I wanna see it stop.


Yes. Are You considering canceling military aid to Ukraine? And can we get a reaction to what the premier said that your administration is bringing us worldview in alignment with Moscow. So this is a deal that should have never happened. This is a deal that would've never happened. And it didn't happen for four years. It didn't happen. It was never even close to happening. If I were president, it would not have happened. And October 7th would've hap would not have happened in Israel. And In then you have Donald Trump's commerce Secretary, Howard Lutnick as Shashank Josh. He says these, these Trumpers are toddlers with scissors.


Play this clip. You gotta say, we love America. We appreciate America. You know, we want you by our side. And If you think we should have peace, we should have peace, right? But instead he said, I want 300 billion in reparations from Russia. I want them off my land. I want all the land really, all the land and reparations and security guarantees. The answer was, it's just way too far. That's not a peacemaker, that's a troublemaker. And that's what the president saw. And he took it for 40 minutes before and 45 minutes in front of the camera. And then it was just enough. Already enough. All right, thank you Converse Secretary Howard Lutnick. Appreciate That. Welcome to The situation. And then finally you have Ducey on Fox here.


He's talking about how the issue is that Zelensky needs to go on TV and say how sorry he is to Donald Trump here play this Clip. I have been told by a senior official here that nothing's gonna happen with this minerals deal until Zelensky goes in front of cameras and makes an explicit public apology for the way that he behaved himself behaved in the Oval Office. With that meeting I did That Donald Trump, as I said, was posting on social media for Americans. Have fun. Everybody have fun. And by the way, this is a funny AI image that we posted here on the Midas Touch Social channels. It's JD Vance saying, have you said thank you to me once?


These people are literally screwing our economy. They're crashing our markets, they're tanking our 4 0 1 Ks. This stuff is outrageous behavior. Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made


When you get the Planet Fitness Black Card. You can bring a friend anytime you work out. And now through March 13th, get your first month free when you join. You heard that right? Conquer the stair climber with your partner and climb. Enjoy a post-workout recovery session in the hydro massage and do it all again with access to any of our 2,700 convenient locations. So you come get your first month free. And to all the perks of the PF Black card for just $1 down 24 99 a month. Cancel anytime. Deal ends. March 13th. See club for details.