
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Bael gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael Right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at babel do com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. Pt, what do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call one 800 Gambler.


Donald Trump just held a disastrous press conference in the Oval Office where he attacked members of the press for bringing up the fact that Qatar is giving Trump a $400 million private 7 47 jet. Also, Donald Trump announced his latest price controls that he wants to unilaterally impose via executive order instead of actually systemically addressing our broken healthcare system. And of course, Donald Trump needed a new distraction after completely caving and capitulating to China and the negotiations that took place over this weekend, removing his tariffs on China from 145% to 30% and essentially getting nothing in return from China.


Just unleashing a trade war against the world that has shattered consumer confidence and has harmed businesses across this country, essentially all for nothing. Let me show you what went down. Donald Trump here talks about how the European Union is now his big target. They are, in many ways, he says nastier than China. Let's play this clip right here. The European Union is in many ways nastier than China, okay? And we've just started with them. Oh, they'll come down a lot. You watch. We have all the cards. They treat it us very unfairly. They sell us 13 million cars.


We sell them none. They sell us their agricultural products. We sell them virtually none. They don't take our products. Next up, Donald Trump attacks members of the press and specifically an A, b, C reporter for bringing up anything having to do with Trump getting a $400 million, 7 47 jet from Cutter. Let's play this clip As a businessman. Some people may look at this and say, have you ever been given a gift worth millions of dollars and then not received that? It's Not a gift to me. It's a gift to the Department of Defense. And you should know better because you've been embarrassed enough and so has your network. Your network is a disaster. A B, C is a disaster.


Here is the Bill Bobby, come on over here. Donald Trump then claims that he does not intend to use the plane, but that he will just simply put it in his library. He says, he goes, it will go directly to the library. I never intend to actually use the jet that you're getting as a gift. I don't think I believe that. Let's play that clip right here. And I think this was just a gesture of good faith and I don't get it. Someday it'll be like Ronald Reagan. They decommission them. You know, they get to a certain age, they decommission them. It'll go to my library. They're talking about going to my library in years out. But I thought it was a great gesture and it's something that was done by Ronald Reagan.


They actually decommissioned the plane and he put it in his library. And it actually has made the library, I think a Boeing 7 0 7. It's actually made the library more successful. So it was good. You plan to Use. Do you plan to use the plane after you leave office? No, I don't. No, it would. It would go directly to the library after, after I leave office, Mr. President. I wouldn't, I wouldn't be using it. No. President Trump then says that it would be utterly stupid for him to reject a $400 million gift from a Middle East country. Let's play this clip And it's gonna be a while before we get 'em. And I think Qatar, who has really, we've helped them a lot over the years in terms of security and safety.


I felt they, I think they, and very, very nicely, and I have a lot of respect for the leadership and for the leader Qatar. And I think they very nice. They knew about it because they buy Boeings, they buy a lot of Boeings and they knew about it. And they said, we would like to do something. And if we can get a 7 47 as a contribution to our defense department to use during a couple of years while they're building the other ones, I think that was a very nice gesture. Now, I could be a stupid person to say, oh no, we don't want a free plane. We give free things out. We'll take one too. And it helps us out because again, we're talking about we have 40-year-old aircraft.


The money we spend, the maintenance we spend on those planes to keep 'em tippy top is astronomical. You wouldn't even believe it. So I think it's a great gesture from Qatar. I appreciate it very much. I would never be one to turn down that kind of an offer. I mean, I could be a stupid person, say, no, we don't want a free, very expensive airplane. But it was, I thought it was a great gesture. No, I think it's utterly stupid. And in fact, a crime in my opinion, to be accepting a $400 million, 7 47 jet that actually goes to your own library, which essentially means you are getting it as a gift for yourself.


Not to mention these serious security concerns that come along with it. Donald Trump is next asked about his executive order, which Trump CCRA claims will bring down the cost of healthcare and prescription drugs by 50 to 80%. Donald Trump just makes up these numbers recklessly. The Ponzi schemer, the rug pulling president, just makes up things to get people's hopes up. And people go, well, aren't you just setting price controls also? And, and why aren't you addressing the broader issue of healthcare here? Play this clip. They have to. They have, we have to equalize Mr. President. Price controls say it. How do you, how do you respond this?


It's not price control. No, no. What was price control is before, if you wanna talk about price control is what they were doing. They were making us pay. They set a price and they said, here's what we're gonna pay and anything else. Charge America. 'cause at that time, they had a very stupid president and it really went crazy during the last four years. Now folks, I've made another video about this earlier this morning. And look, I would like to see prescription drug prices go down 50 to 80%. You're not going to achieve it the way Trump is by doing it via an executive order for price controls. The way you would do it is you would actually pass legislation to lower prescription drug prices.


But you see what actually happens is, is that when Democrats want to pass that legislation, the MAGA republicans block it. The Trump supporters block it. So I think that every American should have healthcare and very cheap and affordable healthcare. That's my view of it. So why don't we actually address the issue versus doing these gimmicks that are just intended to get people's hopes up? Because what it seems the Trump regimes actually doing here is using this as a way to attack European countries and actually make the price of prescription drug prices go higher. A reporter asked Donald Trump about what do you say to people who think it's, You know, not great that you're getting a luxury jet as a gift? And Donald Trump then makes golf analogy, play this clip.


It's gonna be very interesting. Mr. President, what does it say to people who view that luxury jet as a personal gift to you? Why not leave it behind Your A, B, C fake news? Right? Why not? It's only only A, B, C. Well, a few of you would. Lemme tell you, you should be embarrassed to ask him that question. They're giving us a free jet. I could say, no, no, no, don't give us, I wanna pay you a billion or 400 million or whatever it is. Or I could say, thank you very much. You know, there was an old golfer named Sam Snead. Did you ever hear you won 82 terms. It was a great golfer. And he had a motto, when they give you a putt, you say, thank you very much. You pick up your ball and you walk to the next hole.


A lot of people are stupid. They say, no, no, I just start putting it. Then they put it, they miss it, and their partner gets angry at him. You know what? Remember that Sam Snead, when they give you a put, you pick it up and you walk to the next hole and you say Thank you very much. We're Speculative more distractions from Donald Trump here as he claims that there is a, he goes, reporters are not covering the genocide against white people in South Africa. And he accuses the South African government of doing a genocide to white people. Play this clip. I don't Know how we can go unless that situation's taken care of, but it's a genocide that's taking place that you, people don't wanna write about.


But it's a terrible thing that's taken place and farmers are being killed. They happen to be white, but whether they're white, white or black makes no difference to me. But white farmers are being brutally killed and their land is being confiscated in South Africa and the newspapers and the media, television, media doesn't even talk about it then Donald Trump claims that his executive order, which does not have the force of a law and is not a law, is going to allow the Republicans to do healthcare better than Obamacare. I dunno, why don't you actually do what's called legislation, which is the way our system works.


And if you want to expand Obamacare, which I think that we should, we should make prescription drugs more affordable, then do it through the process. You're supposed to do it, but no, actually you and the Mago Republicans block that because you want to take away people's healthcare. But then you do this gimmick, which is really just a stunt that gi that puts people's hopes up and ends up screwing them. Here, let's play this clip. So we're gonna maybe come up with something. I think this gives the Republicans a chance to actually do a healthcare that's much better than Obamacare and for less money, which if you guys would work on that.


My dogs taquito and chiquito are the happiest dogs ever. You know why? 'cause I give them Sundays for dogs, which is, let's face it, the best dog food ever. What I love about Sundays for dogs is that like unlike other fresh dog food, Sundays does not require refrigeration or preparation because of their air drying process. You just pour it and serve it and you can cancel or pause your subscription with Sundays for dogs at any time with their 14 day money back guarantee. It's fresh dog food. It's made from a short list of human grade ingredients, which I love and I know my doggies love. It was co-founded by Dr. Tori Waxman, a practicing veterinarian who tests and formulates every version of each recipe. And Sundays contains 100% all natural meat and super foods and 0% synthetic nutrients or artificial ingredients. So here's the deal. We negotiated for your puppies. 'cause I want them to be as happy as mine. Get 40% off your first order of Sundays. Go to Sundays for dogs.com/midas, or use code Midas at checkout. Go to Sundays for dogs.com/midas or use code Midas at checkout. My doggies, taquito and taquito tell me that your doggies will love Sundays.


Also, Donald Trump then claims that he knows Obamacare and healthcare better than anybody who'll play this clip. Never Had a president that had the courage to do this, and nobody knew the system like I do. I mean, I've gotten to know this system so well and I don't think it's fair that it benefits Obamacare. Obamacare is a failure. It's not a good, it's not a good healthcare. It it works. I made it work. I had an obligation to make it work or an obligation to let it die. I chose that. We had to make it work. I had to make it as good as possible, and I had AdChoices. I could have let it fail or make it as good as possible. As good as possible means it was still not very good, but it was, it survived.


Then Donald Trump says that he's going to, he just starts making up numbers. We'll, lower prescription drugs, 60, 70, 80, 90%, we'll just lower it all here, play this clip. We'll have to do that. So for the first time in many years, we'll slash the cost of prescription drugs and we will bring fairness to America, drug prices will come down by much more. Really, if you think 59, if you, if you think of a drug that is sometimes 10 times more expensive, it's much more than the 59%. You know, it depends on the way you wanna analyze it, but in one way you could analyze it that way. But between 59 and 80, and I guess even 90%, so when I worked so hard in the first term, and if I got prices down, I remember I, I was the only one to ever get prices down for a full year.


But I'd get 'em down like 2% and I thought it was like a big deal. Well, we're getting them down 60, 70, 80, 90%. But actually more than that, if you think about it in the way mathematically and farmer has, Then he just goes on this word salad about somehow if you add up all of the money that's coming in from tariffs, which by the way you just remove the tariffs that you say are so great, if they're so great, why are you removing it? It makes no sense. That's going to pay for golden domes. He says, then he just randomly starts talking about Medicare and Medicaid. You know, he doesn't know the difference between either play this clip. I just called the leader, our leader in the Senate, John Thon, the Mike Johnson spoke to both of 'em.


I said, when you score, you're gonna have to score two things. You're gonna have to number one score that hundreds of billions of dollars of tariff money is coming in. But even bigger than that, you're gonna have to score that your, your cost for Medicaid and Medicare and just basically pharmaceuticals and drugs is going down at a level that nobody is ever seen before. It'll pay for the golden dome. I see the golden dome is there. See, that'll easily pay for the golden dome and we'll have a lot of money left over. We need the golden dome. By the way, in this world, although this world's a lot safer today than it was a week ago and a lot safer than it was six months ago, we had people that had no clue what they were doing.


Donald Trump then talks about a friend who he says is very fat and a neurotic, brilliant fat businessman who takes the fat drug. And this really rich billionaire who takes the fat drug is happy about Donald Trump's executive order play. This clip. I mean, I'll tell you a story. A friend of mine who's a, a businessman, very, very, very top guy, most of you would've heard of him, a highly neurotic, brilliant businessman. Seriously overweight. And he takes the fat, the fat shot drug. And he called me up and he said, president, he calls me P. He used to call me Donald.


Now he calls me president. So that's nice respect. But he's a rough guy, smart guy, very successful, very rich. I wouldn't even know how we would know this, but 'cause he is got comments said, president, could I ask you a question? What? I'm in London and I just paid for this damn fat drug I take. I said, it's not working. He said, he said, I just paid $88 and in New York I pay $1,300. What the hell is going on? Donald Trump then says that as it relates to India and Pakistan, the way he negotiated a ceasefire, which he didn't do, is he goes, I'll do trade.


You do trade, but I'll just do trade, play this clip and The strength and the wisdom and fortitude to fully know and to understand the gravity of the situation. And we helped a lot and we helped also with trade. I said, come on, we're gonna do a lot of trade with you guys. Let's stop it. Let's stop it. If you stop it, we'll do a trade. If you don't stop it, we're not gonna do any trade. People have never really used trade the way I used it that I can tell you. And all of a sudden they said, I think we're gonna stop. And they have, and they, they did it for a lot of reasons. But trade is a big one. We're gonna do a lot of trade with Pakistan.


We're gonna do a lot of trade with India. We're negotiating with India Right now. We're gonna be soon negotiated with Pakistan. And we stopped the nuclear conflict. I think it would've, it could have been a bad nuclear war. Millions of people could have been killed. So I'm very proud of that. And by the way, India today issued a statement directed at Pakistan saying that we don't appreciate nuclear blackmail will respond to you on our own terms. Trump's had nothing to do with any of this, but let him take credit for things. Don't, but I mean that's what he does. The corporate meaning lets him take credit for things. Donald Trump then lies and claims that he has 11 committed massive car factories that are being built, which is easily verifiably false play.


This clip, We have at least 11 committed massive car factories that are gonna be built, that are gonna be, that are in the process of being built. And some are going through, some have actually started. We also have renovations of existing factories where they weren't utilizing the full factory from years gone by and now they're under full renovation. They'll be opening up full factories in a very short period of time. Our car industries, I think we're gonna have the number one industry. You know, if you look at Japan and these others, they, they do tremendously with cars and, and they can do that too. They, but You know, when they, if they wanna sell cars in the United States, they're gonna have to build factories in the United States because I'm interested in cars for the United States.


Now one other thing, I'm Gonna do a whole nother video about Donald Trump caving and blinking to China. But if you just think about it, China got all the demands it wanted. America removed the tariffs on China, that America placed on it because our bond markets and overall markets were suffering and jobs were being lost. So Trump and capitulated, and just ask yourself for all of what we've been through since Trump announced his liberation day or whatever you want to even call it, which is actually liquidation day or recession day. What did we gain from this at all, other than ships not coming to the port And wasn't Donald Trump saying that? That's a great thing.


And so if all these tariffs were great, why are you reducing them? There was no sense to this at all, other than to cause chaos. But guess what? Donald Trump takes his $400 million Qatari jet that he claims he's not going to use. Sure, Donald. We're gonna call it out every step of the way. Year in the might of September. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.