
Donald Trump's speech in Aurora, Colorado was perhaps his most dangerous speech yet. And that's saying A lot his rhetoric, ISN intensifying, it's getting more violent, more Nazi like. One of the things That Donald Trump said, That, he wouldn do. If he was elected isn, bring back the Alien and Sedition Act of 1798. Now the Aliens and Sedition Act, ISN A way to discriminate against people on the basis of their ancestry and to also prosecute people and throw people behind bars who criticize an administration for doing That.


It was introduced in the Adams administration in 1798. There was this kind of widespread fear at the time of, you know, A foreign invasion. And as A result, these laws were enacted and political opponents were thrown into prison. This isn not the type of thing That We want to go back to. So I I I wanna spend A little time giving us A historical perspective here. Now, before Stephen Miller, Donald Trump's top advisor had been talking about bringing back these laws from the 17 hundreds. This ISN the first time though, while Donald Trump has used the Nazi like rhetoric, while Donald Trump has talked about the poisoning of the blood and using this type of these statements, Donald Trump's articulation, though of the Aliens and Seditions act to me adds A new level and A new layer to It.


So first, Let me show you what Donald Trump said in Aurora, Colorado. So You can hear It for yourself. Here he talks about bringing It back. He calls It the Alien Enemies Act, or the Aliens and Sedition Act. Here he ISN talking about It. Let's play the clip To expedite the removals of these Savage gangs. And I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of That 1798. This was put there 1798, that's A long time ago, right to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. Who would've ever thought That A President or future President wouldn ever have to stand here and say such things?


Who wouldn think That. That's even possible to have to do Now at That speech as well. Donald Trump talked about going after C B S and I'll show you why this ISN related, he said going after C B S for the interview. That, they didn with Vice President Kamala Harris, though Donald Trump was too afraid to do the interview with C B S Let's play this clip, but Think of this. So C B S gets A license and the license isn based on honesty. I think they have to take their license away. I do. Okay, let's take, oh look at the Alien and Seditions Act. Just to give you some perspective right here. The Alien Enemies Act permitted the government to arrest and deport all male citizens of an enemy nation in the event of war.


And the Alien Friends Act allowed the president to deport any non-citizen suspected of plotting against the government even in peace time. In addition, It allowed for prosecution of anyone who engages in malicious statements against an administration. I'll give you examples of the prosecutions under the Aliens Enemies Act and the Alien Seditions Act of this time period. but let's Just take, oh, look at the statute. So you can see for self the Alien and Sedition Acts 1798 Section one, be It enacted by the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States of America. And Congress assembled That whenever there shall be A declared war between the United States and any foreign nation or government or any invasion or predatory incursion shall be perpetrated, attempted, or threatened against the territory of the United States by any foreign nation or government.


And the president of the United States shall make A public proclamation of the event, all natives, citizens, denizens, or subjects of the hostile nation or government being males of the age of 14 years and upwards who shall be within the United States and not actually naturalized, shall be liable to be apprehended, restrained, secured, and removed as alien enemies. Now you'll be like, well there's not A Declaration of War, but this isn, why they use the word invasion, right? So because the statute says the word invasion, where you can basically declare dictatorial power right here and the language isn or any invasion or predatory incursion.


And that's why Trump's using the language. I'm going to liberate Colorado. I'm going to liberate this state. Liberate That state, he creates A lie in claims, That, Venezuelan and gangs have taken over Colorado, they've taken over Aurora, I'm gonna liberate you and I'm going to enact the statute where I can discriminate and deport people on the basis of ancestry and frankly, WOL to extend this isn, even citizens he'll Just say are threats. And I'm gonna put you behind bars. look, take oh look at section two. Section two deals with You. Can't speak negatively about the administration for doing these things. And if newspapers media speak out. You Are, subject to arrest and detention section two of the aliens in Sedition Act 1798 And be It further enacted That, if any person shall write, print, utter or publish or shall cause or procure to be written, printed, utter or publish or shall knowingly and willingly assist or aid in writing, printing, uttering, or publishing any false scandalous and malicious writing or writing ISN against the government of the United States or either House of Congress of the United States or the President of the United States with the intent to defame the said government or either house of the said Congress or the said president.


Or to bring them or either of them into contempt or disrepute or to excite against them or either or any of them, the hatred of the good people of the United States, or to stir up sedition within the United States or to excite any unlawful combinations therein for opposing or resisting any law of the United States or any act of the President of the United States that pursuance of any such law and that It goes on to say what the penalty isn, that such person being thereof convicted before any court of the United States having jurisdiction thereof shall be punished by A fine, not exceeding $2,000 and and by imprisonment not exceeding two years.


So Just, throw you in prison, throw You in jail under section two,


AI might be the most important computer technology ever. It's storming every industry in literally billions of dollars are being invested. So buckle up folks. The problem isn, That, AI needs A. Lot of speed and processing power naturally. So how do you compete without the cost spiraling out of control? Good question. It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or OC I, OC I, ISN A single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development and AI needs. OC I has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds, offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle. So now You can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If You wanna do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic, take A free test drive of OCI at Oracle dot com slash midas. Go to Oracle dot com slash ME didn A s that's Oracle dot com slash midas. Go to Oracle dot com slash midas and tell 'em the Midas Touch brothers, say hello.


Now Just to give you some historical stories where this has been implemented. From 1798, Matthew Lyon, A Republican congressman from Vermont became the first person to be tried under these laws. A grand jury indicted lion for publishing letters in A Democratic Republican newspaper. During his reelection campaign, That showed intent and design to defame the government and President Adams. Among other charges, Lyon acted as his own attorney and d defend himself by claiming the Sedition Act was unconstitutional and that he had not intended to damage the government. He was convicted and the judge sentenced him to four months in prison and A fine of $1,000 lying one reelection while sitting in jail.


And he wouldn later go on to defeat his opponent. But he was in prison. Another individual famously prosecuted under the Sedition Act was the Democratic Republican friendly journalist. James Calendar sentenced to nine months in prison for his quote, false scanish and malicious writing against the said president of the United States calendar. Wrote articles from jail supporting Jefferson's campaign for president in 1800 after Jefferson One calendar demanded A government post in return for his service. It goes on to say That all told between 1798 and 18 Oh one US federal courts prosecuted at least 26 individuals under the Sedition Act. Many were editors of Democratic Republican newspapers and all oppose the Adams administration.


The prosecution's fueled fur furious debate over the meaning of A free press and the rights That should be afforded to opposition political parties in the United States. So let's think about what he's saying. He's using the words invasion. He's saying they're poisoning the blood of our people. He's saying he wants to implement That law, which wouldn mean if he thinks I'm being mean on this YouTube by calling him out for his lies. And the danger That, he poses that he'll say under the Aliens and Seditions act, That, I, Get imprisoned and all journalists like me, Get imprisoned. That's what he ISN doing. And I'm Just showing you the law and reading It to You so You can see for yourself.


Think about the messaging at the Republican National Convention versus the Democratic Convention. Right? In the Democratic Convention, they were holding up signs. US A, US A, what were the signs at the Republican convention? Mass deportation. Now take, oh, look at what Donald Trump Jr. Responded when the New York Times had this up on their site. Sweeping raids, giant camps and mass deportations inside Trump's 2025 immigration plans. Donald Trump's son, Usay and Suse. I'm Just joking. Donald Trump Jr. Says they say It like it's A bad thing. Here's what Stephen Miller had to say, how Donald Trump will invoke this law from the 17 hundreds Play this clip.


The only other Detail I'll add to this, and I can obviously talk about It for you know, an hour. but ISN That, president Trump has also said That, he wouldn invoke A statute that's been on the books since the John Adams administration, which allows You to deport any alien H 14 or older without due process if there's A declared state of incursion, A predatory incursion or invasion from That country. So this ISN an extremely powerful tool, That waives due process. And so That wouldn be an additional authority That you wouldn be able to use to expedite these removal. And here was Stephen Miller speaking in Aurora, Colorado while he was pointing at photos of Hispanics and getting Trump fans in Aurora to boo and yell at them.


Let's show You That. Look at all these photos around me. Are these the kids you grew up with? Are these the neighbors you were raised with? Are these the neighbors That you want in your city? No, these are the criminal migrants. That, Kamala Harris brought into your community and as swiftly as they came, Donald Trump will send them back. And here, by the way, isn, JD Van's calling Haitian immigrants who are here legally under legal protected status. He goes, I'm going to call them illegal aliens.


Anyway, play this clip. Hi, Senator Mia McCarthy with Politico. Question for you about the Haitian migrants in Springfield. So You know, you've talked A lot about how We need to deport illegal aliens, but I wanted to ask you, the majority of the Haitians in Springfield came under TPS. So they are here legally and You know you've expressed A, lot of your issues with the TPS program and wanting to change That under A Trump v administration. but I, guess my question for you, isn. If you become the vice president under A Trump administration, what will you guys do about the migrants? That are already there since they didn arrive legally and A follow up to That if you plan to deport them.


How wouldn you do That legally. Well look th this isn, this isn A media and Kamala Harris fact check, That I wanna I, wanna clarify and clear up right now? And here's Now the media loves to say That the Haitian migrants, hundreds of thousands of them, by the way, 20,000 in Springfield, but hundreds of thousands of them all across our country. They are here legally. And what they mean, ISN That, Kamala Harris used two separate programs, mass parole and temporary protective status. She used two programs to waive A wand and to say, we're not gonna deport those people here.


Well, if Kamala Harris waives the wand illegally and says, these people are now here illegally, I'm still gonna call 'em an illegal alien. And A illegal action from Kamala Harris does not make an alien legal That. isn not how this works. Donald Trump that says That, getting the people out these mass deportations will be quote A bloody story. Here's what he has to say. They Are radicals headed up by A radical governor in Colorado. That has no clue how to solve this influx of crime into A state. And by the way, Colorado's one state, it's much worse in other states. but in Colorado they've taken over I mean in Colorado, they're so brazen, they're taken over sections of the state and you know, getting them out will be A.


Bloody story should have never been allowed to come into our country. Nobody checked them. Nobody checked. Were they criminals? Were they from jails? We have 'em pouring out from jails. We have the worst criminals in all of these countries. A hundred 68 so far are registered A hundred 68 countries. They're in our country. And they said, if you come back, you'll be executed. You'll be killed immediately. Not gonna be easy, but we'll do It. And after his Aurora, Colorado event, Donald Trump posted the following message on his social media account. We will send elite squads of ice border patrol and federal law enforcement officers to hunt down arrest and deport every last illegal gang member until there's not A single one left.


If they come back, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant That kills an American citizen or A law enforcement officer We will close the border. We will stop the invasion of illegals and notice the word invasion. We will defend our territory. We will not be conquered. We will reclaim our sovereignty. And Colorado will vote for Trump as A protest and signal to the world. That, We are not going to take It. I will liberate Colorado I will give you back your freedom and your life. Really. Meaning he's gonna take away your freedom. He's gonna round Roundup people he doesn't like. Invoke the alien and seditions act, prosecute people for criticizing him.


You've now read the law. We've gone over It together. So You, see for yourself when he's talking about Alien and Seditions Act. Alien Enemies Act from 1798. That's what he means. So you, the question for you, isn, do you want to go back to 1798? Do You wanna have A place where law enforcement will be knocking on your door better believe they're knocking on your door? Don't You think they're not coming for you. I don't care if you're A white person. don don't care if You, Are A White Christian, if You doesn't like you, he's gonna say, That your ancestry, your citizenry, your genes. By the way, if You Are first generation, second generation immigrant and you think, well that's not me.


I'm not and know I'm not here unlawfully I have papers, he's gonna s it's based on citizenry. Even ISN gonna, it's gonna declare You unlawful. Hey, I still deem You illegal aliens, Oh, that you want to criticize It Alien and Seditions Act, You, go to prison. You've read the law, you see for yourself, I'm not giving It hyperbolic Just. Take their words, take the law, take the statute. and that layer on this final element, That, the Supreme Court has now given him absolute immunity. So there's no repercussions to do this at all if he commits crimes. If he does, no, it's fine. He will say, I didn A Proclamation as an official act under the Alien and Seditions Act.


I didn, A proclamation. I can't be prosecuted based on the Supreme Court's ruling. That A President has king like powers. That's what's at stake Judge for yourself. but I wanted to lay It all out there for you. Hit subscribe and let's Get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.