
At 6:34 AM in the morning, this is what Donald Trump's campaign was sending to its listserv. I subscribe to it so you don't have to, this is what it said. The subject line is, this is the MAGA cutoff Hulk Hogan. Hey brother. It says, and then you open up this email. This is what they are campaigning on right now at the Trump campaign. You open up the email, it says, Trump fans 2024. And it goes, Hey there, brother. This is the MAGA cutoff Hulk Hogan war on stage. Do you want one claim your MAGA cutoff? And it's the photo of Hulk Hogan ripping off his shirt on stage as he went up there.


And he's like, this is the Hulk mania and all my Trump maniacs. You need to, I'm sitting there watching this and I'm like, people's lives are on the line right now, okay, under President Biden with the CHIPS ACT Pact, act, infrastructure Act, inflation Reduction Act, what President Biden's done to reduce the cost of insulin. These are serious issues. And you have Hulk Hogan ripping off his shirt off stage as the media fawns over it, and the corporate media's like, that's the best speech that was ever given. What world are you talking about then at 4:45 AM So actually before that email, Donald Trump sent this other email. He goes, Biden could drop out tomorrow. No, he is not President Biden stated, he's not dropping out despite the corporate media loving Hulk Hogan speeches or Donald Trump talking about Hannibal Lecter.


Biden says he's not dropping out and he's gonna show the differences between himself and Donald Trump, which are obvious. Donald Trump goes, here's an emergency memo. Biden could be dropping out tomorrow. So I need your response today. And this is how the corporate media narratives are just kind of furthering Donald Trump's agenda, By the way you know what was just released right now in information that you're probably not hearing in many other places, though, you know that the, those polls, a lot of the, the betting market polling that you're seeing out there that Donald Trump posts all the time, that poll market, guess who they just hired? Nate Silver. Remember the guy who used to run 5 38, who, you know, is basically like one of the most antibi guys out there who just speaks negative about Biden all the time and tries to act like he's using statistics but is wrong about everything.


So after taking 265 million bets in the US election, know who their biggest funder is? It's Peter Thiel. You know who Peter Thiel is? He's the person who JD Vance worked for and they've been basically funded by Peter Thiel. So all those connections are lining up right now. By the way, the Biden campaigns out with, I think a pitch perfect video after last night's debacle by Donald Trump that the corporate media doesn't wanna, just wants to ignore claim. Oh, it was all about unity. Here's what President Biden posted moments ago. For all the talk about Donald Trump's new tone last night. I thought it served as a good reminder.


Don't believe everything you see in the press here. Play the clip. Donald Trump's acceptance speech, his promise message of unity before prime time. Crazy. Nancy Pelosi, the whole thing, just boom, boom, boom. He's not gonna mention Biden. Biden's not gonna be mentioned. There's no need to mention it. Biden has done Biden. President Trump tore up the speech that he had and said, I need to redo this. Asked to have a different tone. I have to lay out the pathway forward how we unite the country and give Us your vote. I am trying to buy your vote. Ripped Up his speech to focus more on unity. The late great Hannibal Ter President Trump's speech will be focused on unity. The United Auto workers ought to be ashamed.


President Biden just put out the following statement on Trump's RNC speech quote last night. The American people saw the same Donald Trump they rejected four years ago for over 90 minutes, he focused on his own grievances with no plan to unite us and no plan to make life better for working people. He avoided mentioning his project 2025 agenda, but still proudly flaunt the worst MAGA extremism. Americans know exactly where he wants to take this country. They know that he inflicted pain and cruelty on women of America by overturning Roe v. Wade. They know that he destroyed our economy once and will afflict pain on the middle class, that he wants to gut the checks and balances of our constitution and rule as a dictator on day one.


Donald Trump's dark vision for the future is not who we are as Americans, together as a party and as a country. We can and will defeat him at the ballot box. I look forward to getting back on the campaign trail next week to continue exposing the threat of Donald Trump's Project 2025 agenda while making the case for my own record and the vision that I have for America. One where we save our democracy, protect our rights and freedoms, and create opportunity for everyone. The stakes are high and the choice is clear. Together we will win. And By the way, as I reflect on the kind of speech that Donald Trump gave last night, where he talks about, oh, invasion Invasion, and they have the mass deportation signs.


Send them back, send them back. You know, it was notable, right? The media was like, oh, this is all about unity and bringing people together. Okay? George W. Bush wasn't there. Dick Cheney wasn't there. Liz Cheney wasn't there. Mitt Romney wasn't there. Paul Ryan wasn't there. Mike Pence wasn't there. You know, all these other Republicans weren't there 'cause they've gone full MAGA right now. So you're talking about a tone change. I mean, here was Donald Trump again. This is where he's praising Victor Orban, an authoritarian leader and the who, who destroys the free press. And the American Press is like, oh, this is all about unity here. Remember when Trump said this? Play the clip.


And you, you saw this hungry, strong country run by a very powerful, tough leader, tough guy. Press doesn't like him 'cause he's tough. And he came out recently. They were asking him at an interview. The whole world is exploding. What's happening? What's going on? Victor Orban, prime Minister of Hungry, very tough man. He said, I don't want people coming into my country and blowing up our shopping centers and killing.


Have you heard of NAD plus? It's a molecule in every cell of your body, and it's critical to aging. Well, NAD plus helps keep us feeling youthful by promoting cellular energy, maintaining healthy DNA, using nutrient sufficiently and supporting detoxification by age 50. Most people's NAD plus levels are only half of what they were at age 20. Falling. NAD plus levels is a major reason that signs of aging start to accelerate. Luckily, science has discovered a way to boost your NAD plus levels up to 50%. It's called quaia, NAD plus, a groundbreaking supplement from Qualia. Many doctors and health experts over age 30 use Qualia NAD plus themselves, and I'm proud to have them sponsor this episode. NAD plus is a large molecule that struggles to be bioavailable if you supplement it directly. That's why Qualia and d plus supports NAD plus the right way by including ingredients called NAD plus precursors that your body can convert into NAD plus to boost your body's own NAD plus production up to 50%. That's great. These are vegan non GMO gluten-free ingredients like niacin, niacinamide, nigen, also known as nr. These are three of the most, well-researched, NAD plus precursors and all three are in Qualia n nad plus to maximize your bodies, NAD plus production. Qualia n nad plus is clinically tested and naturopathic doctor formulated. Look, I want to feel decades younger than my actual age. That's why I'm staying at the cutting edge of aging research and boosting my NAD plus levels. With quality NAD plus after just a month of quality NA ad. Plus I'm feeling energy support and vitality return that I haven't felt in years. So to boost your N Ad plus levels up to 50%, go to quality of life.com/ Jordy. I love that for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life spelled Q-U-A-L-I-A-L-I-F e.com/ Jordy. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy and use code Jordy spelled J-O-R-D-Y for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks Koya for sponsoring this episode.


Or Trump ragged about Kim Jong-un and his relationship with Kim Jong-Un and say, Kim Jong-un misses me. Play the clip. I got along very well. North Korea, Kim Jong-un, I got along very well with him. The press hated when I said that. How could you get along with him? Well, you know, it's nice to get along with somebody that has a lot of nuclear weapons or otherwise, isn't it? See the old days, you'd say, that's a wonderful thing. Now they say, how could you possibly do that? But now I got along with him and we stopped the missile launches from North Korea. Now North Korea is acting up again, but when we get back, I get along with him.


He'd like to see me back too. I think he misses me. If you wanna know the truth Or here, when Donald Trump brags about Hannibal Lecter and his fake relationship with his fantasy relationship with them, fictional cannibal here play the clip. They're coming from prisons, they're coming from jails, they're coming from mental institutions and insane asylums. I, you know, the press is always on me. 'cause I say this. Has anyone seen Silence of the Lambs? The late great Hannibal Lecter, he'd love to have you for dinner.


By the way, I'm not sure if you saw this deadline, interviewed Anthony Hopkins, who played the character Hannibal Lecter deadline. Asked them. I have to mention, you are one of your greatest characters. Hannibal Lecter, Anthony Hopkins. Why deadline? Because he's come up a lot during this election campaign here in America with Donald Trump speaking about him at rallies as if he's a real person. Anthony Hopkins, as if he's real deadline. Yes. Anthony Hopkins. I didn't know that. Hannibal, that's a long time ago. That movie, God, that was over 30 years ago. I'm shocked and appalled what you've told me about Donald Trump. And then deadline says, really? And I'm sorry about that, by the way. Here's this meme going around the mind of a toddler, Donald Trump sleeping during his son Don Jr's speech.


Donald Trump clapping during the Hulk Hogan speech. And By the way with all this stuff here. Here's some news that, by the way, like you could actually look at data. As Steve Ratner reports, immigrants are not stealing American jobs. There are currently more jobs than workers in the us. Like we could actually look at underlying data as as, as Mr. Rashid says, Trump says there's an invasion of immigrants killing hundreds of thousands of people a year. Fact check. There's no invasion. All murders in America combined is 21,500. America's murder rates are at historic lows, much lower than when Trump was in office. Immigrants have a lower crime rate than US citizens like We can actually talk about data.


How about Trump's violent crime rates were higher than Biden's 2024 is on track for a 26% decrease in crime relative to Trump's. This also seems notable. As Clark Quinton says, household debt as a share of household net worth is hovering around lows not seen since the mid 1970s. But by the way, you look at all these media headlines right here, the Boston Globe, in a departure, Trump calls for unity healing in America. The Dallas Morning News, Trump emphasizes Unity. USA today after attempts on life can Trump unite the USA Detroit News? Trump, we must heal discord. That's quite literally not what happened in the speech. It was Donald Trump whining and complaining, saying racist things like calling Covid the China virus.


Play this clip. But I don't even talk about it because of Covid. I don't even mention it frankly, because of what happened with the China virus Or Donald Trump bragging that the Taliban called him your Excellency play the clip. And he said, I understand your Excellency. He called me your Excellency. I wonder if he calls the other guy your Excellency. I doubt it. The other guy gave him everything. I mean, what kind of a deal was that? He walked out, gave him everything. So Judge, judge for yourself, we're gonna report on the facts here. And By the way, going to what we showed at the outset, Donald Trump sending Hulk Hogan ripping off his shirt.


First thing in the morning ain't normal. That's not normal behavior. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.