
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel any anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations


You 'cause. You're no position to dictate that. Remember this, I'm not, you're in no position to dictate what we are gonna feel. You we're gonna feel very good. You'll feel influenced. We are gonna feel very good and very strong. I'm telling you'll feel influenced. You're right now not in a very good position. You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position, and it happens to be right about from the very beginning of the war. You're not in a good position. I was. You don't have the cards right now. A shameful moment in American history, a day that will live in infamy where Donald Trump and JD Vance laundered Russian propaganda directly into the Oval Office, where Ukrainian President Zelinsky was a guest, and Donald Trump and JD Vance started yelling at zelensky.


With Putin's talking points, president Zelensky stood up for himself, for his country, for democracies around the world and powerfully pushed back at Donald Trump and JD Vance. Let me show, show you more of what unfolded in the Oval Office. Here is another angle where JD Vance starts spreading Putin propaganda and then President Zelensky pushes back. Then Donald Trump starts yelling at Zelensky. Watch from this angle. Let's play it. Thank you. Even today, If you went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October, offer some words of appreciation. The United States of America and the President who's trying to save your country.


Please, you think that If you will speak very loudly about the war, he's not speaking loudly, he's not speaking loudly. Your country is in big trouble. Can I ask? No, no. You've done a lot of talking. Your country is in big trouble. I know you're not winning. I know you're not winning. This. I You have a damn good chance of coming out. Okay. Because of us, Mr. Brener, we are staying in our country, staying strong from the very beginning of the war. We've been alone and we are thankful. I said thanks. You haven't been this cabinet. In this cabinet. We gave you through this said, stupid president, $350 billion you military equipment and you met a British, but they had used our military.


If you didn't have our military equipment, If you invited me, If you didn't have our military equipment, this war would've been over in two weeks in three days. I heard it from Putin in three days. This is something maybe less in two weeks. Of course, yes. It's gonna be a very hard thing to do business like this. Say thank you. I said a lot of time to American people except that there are disagreements and let's go litigate those disagreements rather than trying to fight it out of the American media when you are wrong. We know that you're wrong, but you see, I think it's good for the American people to see what's going on. I understand, sir. I think it's very important. That's why I kept this story so long. You have to be thankful you don't have the cards.


I was thankful you're buried there. You people are dying. I can't tell you you're running low in, in soldiers. Listen, don't, you're running low in soldiers. It would be a damn good thing. Then you then you tell us, I don't want to cease fire. I don't want to cease fire. I want to go and I wanted this on. Look, If you could get a ceasefire right now, I tell you, you take it so the bullets stop flying and you min stop. Of course we want to stop the war, but you're saying you don't want a ceasefire. But I said to you, I want a ceasefire. We guarantees because you get a ceasefire faster than agreement. Ask our people about ceasefire what they think. There wasn't that nothing for you. What? That wasn't with me that a guy named Biden who was not a smart person.


This is your, that was Obama. This is your president. It was your president, excuse me. That was with Obama who gave you sheets and I gave you Javelins. Yes. I gave you the Javelins to take out all those things. Obama gave you sheets. In fact, the statement is Obama gave sheets and Trump gave Javelins. You gotta be more thankful because let me tell you, you don't have the cards with us. You have the cards, but without us, you don't have any cards. Here's another clip from that first interaction that I showed at the start of the video. Let's play it. I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's gonna end the destruction of your country. Yes. But If you, Mr. Mr. President, Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media.


Right now. You guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems. You should be thanking the President for trying to bring it into this conflict. Have You ever been to Ukraine? That you say what problems we have. I have been to you come once. I have actually. I've actually watched and seen the stories and I know what happens is you bring people, you bring them on a propaganda tour. Mr. President are, do you disagree that you've had problems? What? Bringing people into your military, we have problems. And do you think that it's respectful? I'll answer to come to the Oval Office, the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to, trying to prevent the destruction of your country. A lot of, a lot of questions. Let's start from the beginning.


Sure. First of all, during the war, everybody has problems. Even you. But you have nice ocean and don't feel now, but you'll feel it in the future. God bless you don't know that. God bless. God bless. You'll not have war gotta don't tell us what we're gonna feel. We're trying to solve a problem. Don't tell us what we're gonna feel. I'm not Telling you I'm Not because you're in no position to dictate that. Remember this, I'm not. You're in no position to dictate what we are gonna feel. You we're gonna feel very good. Good. You'll feel influenced. We are gonna feel very good and very strong. I'm telling You'll feel Influenced. You're right now not in a very good position. You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad from position of the, and it happens to be right about From the very beginning of The war.


You're not in a good position. I was You don't have the cards right now with us. You start having cards. I'm playing cards right now. You don't. You're playing cards, Mr. I'm serious. You're gambling with the lives of millions of people. You think you're gambling with world wari. What you, you're gambling with world wari and what you're doing is very disre disrespectful to the country. This country. I'm respect to your far more than a lot of people said I'm respect should have Have you said thank you once. Lot of times. No. In this, you said thank you. Even to today. You went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October. Offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America and the President who's trying to save your country.


Here's more from that Oval office interaction. Let's play it. Yes. But after that, he broken this cease fire. He killed our people and he didn't exchange prisoners. We signed the exchange of prisoners, but he didn't do it. What kind of diplomacy, jd, you are speaking about what? What you, what you, what do you mean? I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's gonna end the destruction of your country. Yes. But If you, Mr. President, Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media. Right now, you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems. You should be thanking the president for fraud to bring it into this conflict.


Been to Ukraine. Did you say what problems we have? I have been to come once. I've actually, I've actually watched and seen the stories and I know what happens is you bring people, you bring them on a propaganda tour. Mr. President are, do you disagree that you've had problems bringing people into your military? We have problems. And do you think that it's respectful, Hold, hold on. To Come to the Oval Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to, trying to prevent the destruction of your country. A lot of, a lot of questions. Let's start from the beginning. Sure. First of all, during the war, everybody has problems. Even you. But you have nice ocean and don't feel now, but you'll feel it in the fusion.


God bless you don't know that. God bless you. God bless you. Not don't tell us what Here. Trump doesn't even know what year the Russia, Ukraine War started. Let's play it. What makes America a good country is America engaging in diplomacy. That's what President Trump is doing. Can I ask you? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So he occupied it. Our parts, big parts of Ukraine, parts of East and Crimea. So he occupied it on 2014. So during a lot of years, I'm not speaking about just Biden, but those time was Obama, then President Obama, then President Trump, then President Biden, now President Trump.


And God bless now President Trump will stop him. But during 2014, nobody stopped him. He just occupied and took, he killed people. You know what the contact, 20 15, 20 14. 2014 To 20 20 14. So PQ is not here. Yeah, but That's exactly right. Yes. And by the way, this follows the meeting that Donald Trump had yesterday with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Care Starmer, where Donald Trump did not even know what the cus alliance is here at play. This clip, this We've Discussing With the Australians and, and the Brits. Were you discussing, you discussing orus with the Prime Minister? Sir.


What does that mean? Orus? The Australia US Defense Line? Yeah. Well, we'll be discussing that. We've had a another great relationship and you have too with Australia. Yeah. We've had a very good relationship with Australia President, Mr. President. Now today started with the way Diplomacy's supposed to go down. You had President Zelensky visiting with a bipartisan delegation from the United States Senate. Here's what Zelinsky wrote Earlier in the day before that debacle in the Oval Office, Zelinsky wrote an important visit to the United States in Washington. I met with a bipartisan delegation from the United States Senate. Our discussion focused on the continued military assistance for Ukraine relevant legislative initiatives.


My meeting with President Trump efforts to achieve a just and lasting piece, our vision for ending the war and importance of robust security guarantees. We take pride in having strategic partners and friends like the United States. We are grateful for the unwavering bicameral and bipartisan support for Ukraine throughout all the years of Russia's full scale aggression. Let me play this for you right here. Morning. Thank You so much, team. Very good to see you. Thank you very much.


Thank you so much. Happy to see you. We, we know each other. It's not the first meeting and I'm very proud that Ukraine has such big strategic, even not partner, not only partner friends like the United States. So we are very thankful for this. We're, We're here today as a show of support. Show of support. We have committee chairs. We have, That was a video that President Zelinsky posted. And just so you can see here the, the contrast. Well let, let me show you this clip as well here though, where a reporter asks, what if Russia breaks the ceasefire?


Let's play this clip. Let's play it. She's asking, What if Russia breaks the ceasefire cease Fire? Well, what if they what, if anything, what if a bomb drops on your head right now? But they have. Okay. Why have they broke it? I don't know. They broke it with Biden because Biden, they didn't respect him. They didn't respect Obama. They respect me. Let me tell you, Putin went through a hell of a lot with me. He went through a phony witch hunt where they used him and Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. You ever hear of that deal? That was a phony. That was a phony. Hunter. Biden, Joe Biden scam, Hillary Clinton Schiffy, Adam Schiff. It was a Democrat scam and he had to go through that and he did go through it.


We didn't end up in a war and he went through it. He was accused of all that stuff. He had nothing to do with it. It came outta Hunter Biden's bathroom. It came out of Hunter Biden's bedroom. It was disgusting. And then they said, oh, oh, the laptop from hell was made by Russia. The 51 agents. The whole thing was a scam. And he had to put up with that. He was being accused of all that stuff. All I can say is this. He might have broken deals with Obama and Bush and he might have broken 'em with Biden. He did. Maybe. Maybe he didn't. I don't know what happened, but he didn't break 'em with me. He wants to make a deal.


I don't know If you can make a deal. The problem is I've empowered you to be a tough guy and I don't think you'd be a tough guy without the United States and your people are very brave. But you're either gonna make a deal or we're out. And if we're out, you'll fight it out. I don't think it's gonna be pretty, but you'll fight it out. But you don't have the cards. But once we sign that deal, you're in a much better position. But you're not acting at all thankful. And that's not a nice thing. I'll be honest, that's not a nice thing. Alright, I think we've seen enough. What do you think? Huh? This is, This is gonna be great television. I'll say that.


We'll see what we can do about, I mean, again, it is quite literally Russian propaganda. I wanted to show you this. This is what previously Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in his meeting with Zelensky. So you can just see the difference. Let's play it. Ukrainians have been fighting and dying, not just to protect their sovereignty, their territorial integrity. They're also fighting to protect the rules-based order that keeps us all safe around the world and has for close to 80 years now. This period of peace, stability, prosperity for the world happens because we had rules around borders, around not invading your neighbors that Russia chose deliberately to violate a number of years ago.


That is why Canada and our allies are unequivocal on standing up against Vladimir Putin's illegal, immoral, unjust violations of the international order. And why I'm looking forward to sit sitting down with my European partners in a couple of hours to talk about how we will continue to stand unequivocally in defense of Ukraine, but also in defense of the rules that keep us all safe. Well, there you have it. Tell me what you think. Folks, again, a day that will live in infamy in American history.


Shocking that I'm even reporting on what just went down. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Let's grow this. Let's rise up people right now. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.