
Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, honestly, when I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Feel your max with Brooks running and the all new Ghost Max too. They're the shoes you deserve. Designed to streamline your stride and help protect your body. Treat yourself to feel good landings on an ultra high stack of super comfy nitrogen infused cushion that takes the edge off every step, every day. The Brooks Ghost Max too. You know, technically they're a form of self-care. Brooks, let's run there. Head to brooks running.com to learn more.


18 years from tonight, grant Gill will become a comedy legend when he totally kills it at his improv class's graduation performance. Knees will be slapped, hilarity will ensue. That's why he's already keeping himself in shape and razor sharp today with wellness tips and tools from A A RP to help make sure his health lives as long as he does because the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/healthy living


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


I pride myself in this network on delivering news to you that you're not getting anywhere else. So I wanna share with you right now some of the things that the healthcare industry is doing to subtly and almost secretly try to implement Project 2025, while everybody's distracted and looking away at all of Donald Trump's cabinet picks and their child sex trafficking allegations and drunken behavior allegations and rape of unconscious women accusations and cuddling up to Vladimir Putin accusations. I can't believe I even gotta say that. Let's take a look at what some big pharma, big healthcare industries rather what they are doing.


My friend Eric Feigel. Dr. Eric says the following, holy shit. In an unprecedented move, Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield has unilaterally declared it will no longer pay for anesthesia care if the surgery or procedure goes beyond an arbitrary time limit, regardless of how long the surgical procedure takes. In a very strongly worded letter from the American Society of Anesthesiologists, they call this out that this is just the latest in a long line of appalling behavior by commercial health insurers looking to drive their profits up at the expense of patients and physicians providing essential care.


It is a cynical money grab by Anthem and frankly other healthcare providers. And as I take a look at the money being made by Anthem, its parent company is now called Elance Health. That used to be Anthem Strong fourth quarter revenue. Elance reported strong fourth quarter, 2023 profits, $856 million and strong fourth quarter revenue of $2.6 billion in revenue. You take a look even at 2022, Anthem doubled its profits to 1.1 billion then, and it continues to grow. Anthem's, CEO.


The CEO of Elance Health earned nearly $21.9 million in total compensation, which comes out to about, I don't know, 60, $70,000 a day or such. You have also an executive chairman making $16.4 million a year a chief administrative officer making about 4.2 million a year an executive VP level positions making $4.5 million a year. And as you look at the revenue being made by all these large healthcare companies, 200 billion, 133 billion, 126 billion, they're talking about huge amounts of money.


And meanwhile, they are, they now feel emboldened because of the Project 2025 section on taking away the Affordable Care Act and with Biden no longer going to be in office. 'cause let's remember what Biden would do all the time. Almost every day Biden would post about healthcare, right? I mean, not a day went by that he really didn't. He would say on the, this is from pick any day, July 30th, 2024 on the anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid. More Americans have health insurance that under any president in history, it matters. Despite Republican attempts in Congress to put these programs on the chopping block, Kamala And I will always fight to protect and strengthen them.


Here he is, September 9th, 2024. Mental health care is healthcare and today's new rules ensure mental healthcare will be covered at the same level as other healthcare, improving access for 175 million Americans with private health insurance. And there's a lot more he talks about today. My administration took major steps to expand contraception coverage. And by the way, as Armand Dusky explains, this was back from January in 2024. Nobody talks about this, but the boosted Obamacare subsidies in the 2021 America Rescue Plan signed by President Joe Biden pushed healthcare unin insurance rates to their lowest levels in US history to 8.6%.


And the point, folks, is that this isn't just some accident. This is actual policy in action. So you can have President Biden saying things like this, I'll never forget at 14 years old, my mother telling me that my dad's company was no longer going to pay his health insurance. The Affordable Care Act is for families that know that feeling. The fear and uncertainty, I'll always fight like hell to protect it. That was Biden's priorities, right? That probably matters more to you than this Donald Trump posting yesterday. A photo, an AI photo of him and Elvis. That's what Donald Trump's out clownish behavior.


Donald Trump posting photos of him in Switzerland and saying, oh, Canada to mock Canada that he wants the United States what to go to war or to Annex Canada. That's what Donald Trump is doing. You see the difference in priorities there.


Let's face it, I'm kind of a target. And so If you ever worry about the safety of your home and family, take it from me. There's no better time to act now. Right now, SimpliSafe is extending its massive Black Friday deal for our listeners, get 50% off a new SimpliSafe security system. SimpliSafe is the home security system that I trust. I've been using it for years, And I love the peace of mind it brings me knowing my home is protected 24 7 and you know I need to get 50% off today just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash Midas. Spell it right though. S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. This is your last chance to protect your home at SimpliSafe lowest price of the year. Look, old school systems only take action once someone is already inside your home. That's too late. Simply Safe's got this active guard outdoor protection changes and it changes the game by preventing crime before it happens. So if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see them in real time, talking to them directly, set off some spotlights and even call the police. It's really good stuff. So do me a favor, SimpliSafe is extending its massive Black Friday deal for our listeners this week only you can get 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Last chance to claim their best offer of the year. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash midas. That's SimpliSafe. Spell it right. S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E SimpliSafe dot com slash midas. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


May I, just for a second, just so you can educate people on the on these topics. This is what the American Society of Anesthesiologists put out. Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield won't pay for the complete duration of anesthesia for patient surgical procedures In an unprecedented moon Anthem, blue Cross Blue Shield plans representing Connecticut, New York and Missouri have unilaterally declared it will no longer pay for anesthesia care if the surgery or procedure goes beyond an arbitrary time limit, regardless of how long the surgical procedure takes, the American Society of Anesthesiologist calls on Anthem to reverse this proposal immediately.


Anesthesiologists provide individualized care to every patient, carefully assessing the patient's health prior to the surgery, looking at existing diseases and medical conditions to determine the resources and medical expertise needed, attending to the patient during the entire procedure, resolving unexpected complications that may arise and or extend the duration of the surgery and working to ensure that the patient is comfortable during recovery. Payments for anesthesia services is based on several factors, including the exact amount of time for anesthesiologists to deliver care preoperatively during the operation. And when transitioning the PA patient to recovery unit afterwards with this new policy, anthem will arbitrarily predetermine the time allowed for anesthesia care during a surgery or procedure.


If an anesthesiologist submits a bill where the actual time of care is longer than Anthem's time limit, Anthem will deny payment for the anesthesiologist's care. With this new policy. Anthem will not pay anesthesiologists for delivering safe and effective anesthesia care to patients who may need extra attention because their surgery is difficult, unusual, or because a complication arises. And as I mentioned before, Dr. Donald Arnold says, this is just the latest in a long line of appalling behavior by commercial health insurers looking to drive their profits up at the expense of patients and physicians providing essential care.


So who does Donald Trump appoint to oversee? We know HHS is RFK Junior, by the way, I did a whole report on this, but go and look at what RFK Junior did to Samoa. Look at the 2019 Samoa measles outbreak and how the neighboring islands didn't have measles outbreak, but where they used RFK to tell them not to take vaccines in Samoa. They had a massive measles outbreak there, which disproportionately affects children. That's the legacy of RFK in Samoa. And of course we know all of his conspiracies about vaccines.


We'll hear about those during his confirmation hearing, but it has real world impact where he screwed Samoa. Now, who did Donald Trump appoint to lead Medicare and Medicaid services? A TV doctor, Dr. Oz. Now let me show you what Dr. Oz has had to say. Now, Dr. Oz, let me show you this clip right here, Dr. Oz sent rather than comprehensive healthcare. What Dr. Oz says, we need people to go to festival like health screenings because they don't have the right to health I what do, what is he saying here? Play this clip. Now, when you go home today, what should you do?


I think you ought to think about 15 minute physicals. Your local hospitals will fund these. They're incredibly inexpensive to run. You can screen thousands of people for almost nothing, and you allow a conversation to take place in more of a festival like setting. It's not scary. And I mentioned earlier that almost everybody who comes to our, our 50 minute physicals has a job, but a lot don't have insurance. Give them a way of crawling back out of the abyss of darkness, of fear over not having the health they need and give them an opportunity. 'cause they don't have the right to health, but they have the right to access to our chance to get that health Or, or, or this one right here, you have Dr. Oz promoting implanting microchips into people.


I mean, this was from his show back in the day. We're talking about what Elon Musk wants to put microchips into people's heads. You know, it is so fascinating to me that MAGA were, how dare you make me wear a mask? How dare you microchips. Oh, plant a micro, let the government implant microchips. Seriously, here's Doc, there's Dr. Oz saying it. Just show the first 15 seconds or so play of the clip, the latest Breakthroughs. Turns out one of the biggest discoveries is actually this tiny, see how small that is? This little chip may be the next big thing. And it sounds like it's right from a sci-fi movie, but people all over the world are implanting these into their rest.


And look, folks, as I said, I, I am focusing our coverage here on the Midas Touch Network on areas that I think matter most to your life. And I want you to provide this information just to others. Let's educate people. You know, I'm not showing Mar-a-Lago video. I'm not. I'm showing you things that I think matter and will impact your day-to-day life. So let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers, And I hope you appreciate the way we're handling this coverage now on these types of issues. Let me know what you think in the comments. Please put a comment below. Check out midas plus.com as well.


Thanks. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.