
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50, 15, 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


How do you feel? Great on vacation. Like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip at Aruba dot com.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Hey, it's Bill Simmons from the Bill Simmons podcast here to tell you about Michelob Ultra Courtside. It's getting fans closer to the NBA with a chance to win prizes like Courtside seats. A trip to Star weekend and much more. Check it out at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michelob ultra superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 and up begins on October 1st, 2024 ends July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher com slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply. Void, wear prohibited.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


So I hope you've been enjoying a bit of the deeper dives we've been doing here at the Midas Touch Network. A little bit of a pivot to the type of content that I think you've been seeing. And as I've said before, I'm not showing Donald Trump videos and I'm not playing his audio, but the threat he poses is very real. And I want to talk about an attack that he is currently engaged in attacking the veteran community. And I want to talk very specifically about what he's doing, And I don't wanna speak in kind of broad language. I wanna really get into the nooks and crannies here. So Fred Wellman, who's on the Midas Touch Network and a veteran himself, here's what he writes.


He goes, I'm concerned that this chatter like Wall Street Journal, op-Eds, Sean Hannity pieces, the Economist article all talking about cutting veterans affairs and cutting veterans benefits are really just trial balloons to what Donald Trump and Elon Musk and the VA Ramis Swami are going to do to veterans in the veteran community. They're shaping the discussion. So anything short of cutting all of our benefits, healthcare and closing the VA is a compromise. And Fred Wellman says what this really means is that millions of veterans are going to be losing life-saving benefits, being thrown into an unready civilian healthcare network and homelessness spiking.


I've been in politics long enough to see how this plays out. It's not good. A lot of the current homelessness problems comes from Ronald Reagan's policies as well, like this basically throwing people onto the streets. Fred Wellman then says, look, to be perfectly clear, what I'm concerned about is all of this chatter from these op-eds that are basically conditioning people. Now here's an example of this. Here's the economist headline. This is how they are framing it in kind of an academic way. I refer to it last night on the Midas Touch Podcast as the banality of evil. A term that was used to describe what took place during the Nazi era.


Here's what the economist writes. American veterans now receive absurdly generous benefits, an enormous rise in disability payments may complicate debt reduction efforts. The penality of evil right there. Oh, veterans getting rich off of healthcare benefits, absurdly generous healthcare benefits. Oh, they're, they're living, are they living in in palaces with the golden toilet bowls? Oh no, that's Mar-a-Lago. That's Donald Trump. That's Elon Musk. That's them. Adam Kininger veteran writes, this is an insane article.


The vast majority of this increase is because we were exposed to burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan. It's our generation's Agent Orange as a burn pit veteran. Myself, the economist is absolutely wrong here. My guess is there were no burn pit vets on the board that wrote this exactly. You know, I just don't get who these people are. The audacity these people have to go after and attack our veterans to attack communities like this. And then it's just intellectualize through this banality of evil lens.


Just to remind you over here, Trump's project 2025 plan to dismantle veterans healthcare has different tiers for main ones that we should discuss. One, push veterans to a for-profit system. Veterans get pushed out of the VA into for-profit care and they will receive worse care, increase the strain on VA facilities, VA care consistently outranks private care cut disability benefits, millions of disabled veterans could lose critical benefits. Project 2025 seeks to lower the disability ratings to save money. Gut specialized care for veterans and specialized care like reproductive healthcare for women.


That's gonna be day one, threaten to end all non-service connected care from the va, which could affect millions of seniors and women veterans. And then the other category, as you hear my dog barking in the background, loyalty over expertise. Trump loyalists will replace experienced VA workers, politicization will weaken veterans healthcare. And we've already seen, for example, with respect to the Navy, Donald Trump has appointed as the Secretary of Navy, someone who's never been in the Navy. A hedge fund guy who's donated like close to $2 million to Donald Trump is now the Secretary of the Navy without any naval experience at all.


Alright, I want to take a look at the follow. I just want you to see this article from The Economist. So you see in my view the banality and evil that's taking place and the type of conditioning that Trump and the media is doing to execute this plan. I want you to be knowledgeable so you can share this with veterans in your family. 'cause we need to push back against this. So this is the article from the Economist. It's called American Veterans Now receive absurdly generous benefits. An enormous rise in disability payments may complicate debt reduction efforts. Now, I just wonder, do you ever see headlines like this from the Economist or the Wall Street Journal about billionaires getting corporate welfare that then allows them to buy 10 extra personal private jets for themselves?


Is that absurdly beneficial benefits that the billionaires are getting? Are they getting absurd benefits? That's what's kind of absurd. And again, look, I'm a capitalist. I think that, you know, people can get wealthy, there could be rich people. I, you know, I'm not a I, I just think it is important to not forget that 99% of Americans need to be looked after. I think it's important that we reflect upon the fact that housing is unaffordable for people and meanwhile, you've got these billionaires getting tax cuts to allow them to buy up more beach houses, more million dollar, whatever, and they already have enough.


It's enough, you know, and they're getting the handouts to let them do it when we could be helping workers out. But that's just me,


As you know. I'm a dad and well, I've just been having the greatest time ever. Here's the thing, I never knew just how important it was. What we give our children. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals and other gummy junk that growing kids should never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved superpower chewable vitamin. Now, while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, Haya is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and is perfect for picky eaters. Haya fills in the most important common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated With the help of nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones and more. It's non GMO, vegan, dairy free, allergy free, gelatin free nut free and everything else you can imagine. HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door so parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad And I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins and that's why I'm so happy to have come across HIA Health. The ingredients are amazing And I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because HIA Health is made without that stuff and it's able to keep the great taste. Now, we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their best selling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order now to claim this deal, you must go to Hiya Health dot com slash midas. Now, this deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E-A lt.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


Here's what it says. This is how the article frames it. It's through such a fascist language. Donald Trump delights in projecting strength, meaning he loves America's armed forces. The hell kind of introduction is that during his first term, the president-elect sign legislation to spend more on defense before proclaiming that he had accomplished the military on the campaign trail, he doubled down, vowing further increases in defense spending and promising to tackle a recruitment shortfall. Okay, well, their first act is gonna be to get rid of transgender service members and what to like ban gay people from the military. Yet he also wants to cut government waste and has hired Elon Musk to lead a department of government efficiency.


Again, it's a fake government agency that doesn't exist, but just take a look at that paragraph right there. Every sentence is like Kim Jong-un style propaganda right there. It goes on to say, when it comes to the Department of Veterans Affairs, these two instincts may be intention. The department's budget has surged over the past two decades, rising from 86 billion in today's dollars, then equivalent to 2.6 of the federal budget in 2000 to 336000000005% of today's budget this year and now receives almost three times as much as the Department of Transportation. Remarkably, this boom has occurred despite nearly a one third decline in veteran population, which has fallen from 26 million to 18 million annual spending per veteran as a consequence has risen.


Sixfold then goes on to say, Mr. Musk is zeroing on discretionary spending, right? That's how we refer to healthcare for veterans. It's discre, just discretionary. It's an entitlement. You're so lucky that you get no, it should be what's viewed as mandatory spending. Our veterans deserve the best care it goes, which includes programs such as the department's medical services, but the main driver of its spending surge is mandatory outlays for disability compensation between 2020 24. Such payments balloon from 26 billion in today's prices to 159 billion last year alone saw 17% jump and the department's latest budget request forecast that compensation will soar to $185 billion over the next two years.


You notice how they frame it too, as compensation, you are getting all of this money. You are rich, you are rich for toxic burn pit exposure. Now you are getting rich. Again, the economists, they don't write this about their billionaires who they focus on. The current system was introduced during the First World War, and it goes on to describe the modern program bears little resemblance to its original form. This year, 6 million veterans or a third of the total qualified for payments with an average monthly benefit of 2200 veterans may file claims for an unlimited number of disabilities and appeal against decisions as often as they wish. Oh my God, they get to apply for all of the disabilities that they have.


What? And they get to appeal it an unlimited amount of times if they're suffering from disabilities for fighting for our troops, for fighting and wars. Oh my God, let's clutch our pearls. The average rating has climbed above 60% and one in four disabled veterans now receives the once rare 100% rate. Maybe if you're exposed to toxic burn pits. That's why such a designation ensures a generous 4,000 monthly payment for life with no conditions attached, no conditions attached to everybody. They're rich. Starting at the age of 2025, a former soldier could earn well over $2 million in present value terms over the course of their career.


Wow. Oh my gosh. Someone who can't walk or talk or speak or who could be dying, they get that amount of money so that they could freaking live. That's how they cover that. By the way, it should also be noted too, in terms of how they want to treat our troops. I just want you to think about this. Pete, I, I covered this before, but I think I deserve to cover it in this context. Now we all know Donald Trump's Secretary of Defense pick Pete Heif, the Fox Weekend news host who doesn't have any experience commanding a military company. We all know, I mean, just think about that sentence that I just said there. We all know that he's also been, that he has sexual assault allegations against him.


Rape of an unconscious woman, which he denies at a Republican event is where he met this lady who accuses him. He denies the accusations. In addition to that, though, his only leadership, I can even believe I have to go in addition to the rape accusation. Yeah. But in addition to that, his only leadership of like veterans was two veterans organizations. And here's the article from the New Yorker. So I just want you to think this is the guy Trump picked to look after the military. It's defense secretary Pete EF faces, new booze, strippers, debt and NDA claims and veteran groups.


He rans it goes on to talk about him having a drunken history of mismanaging veterans organizations. Two of them that left the staff so disgusted by his allegedly lecherous behavior that they pushed him out. One group, the Veterans for Freedom and concerned Veterans for America was the other group Veterans for Freedom and concerned Veterans for America. They described financial mismanagement, inappropriate sexual advances. And at one point, hegseth drunkenly yelling kill all Muslims at a bar while on an official tour in Ohio. Heif denies it as lawyers call these accusations outlandish and being spread by a disgruntled former worker at the organizations.


But let's not forget that Pete, he's own mother sent him a letter in 2018 calling him an abuser of woman who needs to get help immediately. This is who Trump picked to lead the defense department. It goes on to talk about this whistleblower report on Hsif at the organization concerned veterans from Americans from 2013 to 2016 and accuses him of being repeatedly drunk while on the clock. It talks about while he was married at that time, by the way, he had a baby with his third wife while he was married to his second wife. And during that time period is also accused of rape.


It goes on to say that he would divide the women who worked for him into two camps, party girls and not party girls. Then he would try to sexually pursue all of the female employees who worked under him. It talks about another NDA for one of the women who worked there after a strip club incident that took place. And then it talks about this kill all Muslims incident where he said that at a, at a bar very loudly, one person who worked there said, I've seen him dragged away not a few times, but multiple times. To have him bleed the Pentagon would be scary. So I just want you to reflect on this. All we can say, we support our troops.


We can say we support our veterans, but we do that with our actions, with our behavior, with our conduct. And I'm so sick and tired of hearing Donald Trump and the media just go, oh, the troops. The troops. You heard what he said in The Economist. He says he loves the troops. Well, his actions show the exact opposite. And by the way, what the Economist describes right there and how they describe it and how they normalize it is absolutely disgusting. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe.


I hope you've been liking the new format of these videos. Sometimes a lot of me talking bless Trump videos. But let me know what you're thinking in the comments. And occasionally you hear my dog barking and my little girl in the background. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.