
During their primaries and then she were running against her. It's, it's actually not fair to him. It's really not fair to him. It's, it's, that's no way. He's got the right, who cares? Who, who said that? That's a, that's our great line. Who the hell said that? That's, he goes, I'm going. You know, I've become such a nice guy all of a sudden I say it's not fair to him. And this guy shouts out. Who cares? Who the hell care? Who cares about him? Except I guess he happens to be right.


He, that's very good. Thank you for adding so much spice. That was a good line of stuff. You see, Donald Trump was there in war in Michigan and he was just rambling and rambling and then someone in the crowd was just like, shut up. Just stop talking about Biden. Just talk about something. Something else. It was a great moment right there. And then Donald Trump was kind of caught off guard. Donald Trump was also caught off guard because he didn't know the football team that plays in Michigan and someone had to bail him out in the crowd and say, the Detroit Lions Play the clip. And we have nobody to compete with them. We have people that it's not even, it's like, it's like your high school football team playing.


What's a good team today? Let's see. What's a good thing? What's a good team? Oh, the Detroit Lions. I couldn't have said that two years ago. Good. I got bailed out. I'm trying to say what the hell. The worst thing you can do is mention some team that's not from the area and I'm saying, oh shit, I'm in Michigan. What the hell am I gonna do? I'm stuck out here. Yeah. Donald Trump did not know the Detroit Lions is the football team from Michigan. I Donald Trump's just going around offending every state, every demographic one by one.


Did you see this poll, by the way, that was taken in Puerto Ricans in Florida. Donald Trump's like lost all support. It was like 85, 90% Puerto Ricans not voting for Donald Trump. Now there we'll see if that's a nationwide trend here. Donald Trump then says to the crowd, I am not going to pay the vendors at this venue because I don't like how my voice sounds. Here. Watch this. That's better with a mic. That's better. Thank you backstage. These mic guys. I'm telling you, I'm having a lot of problems with mics lately. I'm not happy. Get yourself a new contractor, please. And don't pay the bill for this contractor.


And then they'll write a story. Trump doesn't pay bills. I pay bills. You know what I do? I pay more than I'm supposed to when they can do a good job. But when they don't do a good job, don't pay your damn bill. That's my first. Then Donald Trump just lies and says, we're currently in a depression right now. No, we're not. America's the number one economy in the world, but this is the deranged stuff. He says, here, play this clip. We're not depression. You better hope you vote for me 'cause I'm gonna get you out of it fast. But under these losers, Speaking of deranged stuff that he says, he starts then talking about his beautiful white skin. He goes, do you like my beautiful white skin here?


Play this clip. Somebody said to me, are you glad you did it? I said, absolutely. But I could have been on the best beaches in the world. I own the best beaches in the world. I could have had such, I could have been at the great Turnberry in Scotland. I could have been anywhere I wanted to be. I could have had those waves smacking me in the face. I could have said that white uniform, white skin that I have would be nice and I got the whiter skin. 'cause I never have time to go out in the sun. But I have that beautiful white, and you know what? It could have been beautiful tan, Beautiful. Donald Trump then says that if he was in office, that we would not provide aid to you Ukraine or words that effect.


Tell me what you think he means there. That's how I interpret what he says. But you tell me how you interpret it. Play this clip. She will melt down and millions of people will die with her stupidity. They got us into Ukraine. We should have never gone into Ukraine. If I was president, you would've never gone into Ukraine. Then Donald Trump threatens the audience with a 1929 style economic depression. If he's not elected, this is what he says at all of his stops. Just fear. Play the clip. We're Gonna, we're gonna get it straightened out fast. It's gonna be we'll have the best economy you've ever had. You know the, the stock market's going up. Scott Bessant, some of the smartest analysts on Wall Street said, it's only going up for one reason.


Because Trump's leading in the polls and everyone thinks Trump's gonna be president. They think Trump's gonna win the election. That's why it's going up. Now here's the bad news. They say, if he doesn't, when you end up in a depression, his quo, well, you see that it'll be a 1929 style economic depression that will absolutely crush your incomes and all that stuff, but we're not gonna talk about that. Then he goes on and says, all I'm the greatest president ever on better than George Washington. I mean, this is usually the time in a campaign where candidates are talking to people about what they can do for the American people. No, not Donald Trump here play this clip.


We're The strongest endorsement they've ever done. They actually said, I'm the greatest president in the history of our country. I said, are you talking about the border? They said, no, the border too. You're the best we ever had in the border, but you're the best president in the history of our country. And then I said, does that include Abraham Lincoln, George Washington? Does that include everybody? How about Lincoln, Washington? You know, we had some pretty good ones. We had some pretty bad ones too. The couple of that we just had, here's the good thing. Jimmy Carter's just turned a hundred. He's going to be a happy man. He's so thrilled because his administration looks totally brilliant compared to the Biden Kamala administration.


So Jimmy is a happy man. Today's, he's led a brilliant administration by comparison, Speaking of which Donald Trump's top surrogates are saying they will terminate the Affordable Care Act. They're saying that they will also terminate the CHIPS Act, which provides a number of, well so many jobs in swing states like in Michigan and in Detroit. That's bringing the semiconductor jobs back to America. Here's MAGA Mike saying that. I don't wanna give a shout out to Luke Raydell of Citrus TV at Syracuse University for breaking this story. Take a look at this video. Let's play it. The Former president has said that he doesn't support the Chips and Science Act. You voted against it.


If you have a Republican majority in Congress and Trump and the White House, will you guys try to repeal that law? I expect that we probably will, but we haven't developed that part of the agenda yet. We gotta get over the election First.


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits. Includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal ships so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen LU me, me slash Midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUME n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time. Go to lumen.me/midas, L-U-M-E-N, dot me slash Midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Back to Donald Trump's event right here. Donald Trump just then kind of rambles about garbage or so play this clip. These Are terrible people. I'm telling you they're terrible people, but let's bring it all together. We love everybody, right? No, we don't actually. How about her? She's always talking about, no, I wanna bring the country together. Trump is Hitler. Excuse me. I shouldn't have said that. No, she's always saying, I want to go on peace and we want to get together as a country. And you know, the Trump people are our garbage, total garbage.


Oh, but we want to get together and Trump is Hitler and they're all racist and they're all this and they're all that. But we wanna have peace, so we wanna get along. I don't even know if she knows what the hell she's saying, but it's, it's pathetic. So then Donald Trump says that Michigan is another type of border town. Play this clip to New Mexico. You know, it's sort of in play. 'cause the people can't take it anymore. The people are pouring through the border. That's a real border state, but you're a border state in a different sense. Everybody is a border. Every state is a border state. Next, Donald Trump brings attention to his age by saying he doesn't feel like a senior.


Play the clip Senior to me. Let me tell you, you look like a good senior, but I don't feel like a senior. Does anybody feel like a senior? I don't feel, I feel better now. I think I'm sharper and better now than I was 25, 30 years ago. You, I do. I swear I'll let you know when I don't. In fact, you'll probably know before me. All you have to do is watch. He then says, we love everybody. No, we don't. What the hell is we talking about? Play the clip People. But let's bring it all together. We love everybody, right? No, we don't actually. He then tells everybody that he's gonna put RFK Junior in charge of women's health and your children's health.


RFK doesn't believe in vaccine. And RF K's, some of the most misogynistic stuff imaginable play this clip. And he's so into health and all he is gonna take care of women's health and men's health and your children's health. I said, you could do anything. You just go ahead and enjoy yourself up. Then Donald Trump gets distracted from his teleprompter speech and starts talking about his hair. Play the clip. I'm studying my hair. It looks not so good today. It's not a good hair day, but who cares? Not a good hair day for me. Ay, yay.


I don't wanna look. Then Donald Trump says that our allies are worse than our enemies. Play the clip Because we're being taken advantage of by every country all over the world, including our allies. And in many cases, our allies are worse than our So-called enemies, okay? And then he just calls Vice President Kamala Harris. Stupid Play the clip Come to mind. Another thing, nothing comes to her mind, lemme tell you. It wasn't so much that she, nothing comes to her mind because she's stupid. Now, can you imagine? You know the Worst? And by the way, if you, as James Singer says, Donald Trump and Mike Johnson apparently want to lose Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, and North Carolina jobs.


You take a look at this map here. This is where the investments from the CHIPS Act have gone to. You could actually see the thousands and thousands of jobs that would be lost on day one if the chips act were repealed. Also, we're getting breaking news as well that W-W-U-R-D Pennsylvania's only black-owned talk radio station, they've never endorsed a political candidate until today. And their words, Donald Trump is a clear and present threat to black Americans, and we must defeat him and elect Kamala Harris based on this strong and powerful endorsement right there. Take a look at what Vice President Kamala Harris is saying in Wisconsin.


Detailed plans about the economy, manufacturing plants. Watch what he has to say. Play this clip Well, and so as president, he promised that the auto industry would not quote, lose one plant during his presidency. Then American Auto Manufacturers announced the closure of six auto plants when he was President. Jamesville, you know what those closures mean for communities? Thousands of union jobs lost factory sites sitting empty for years. Other businesses in town then forced to close. Yes. So Wisconsin, you know all about Donald Trump's big empty promises.


He promised to stop offshoring, then he cut taxes. He cut taxes for corporations that shipped 200,000 American jobs overseas during his presidency. And he promised to bring jobs back to the United States like his promise that Foxconn was going to invest was going to invest $10 billion and create 13,000 manufacturing jobs in Mount Pleasant. You remember that? He said Wisconsin would soon be home to a manufacturing plant that he called again, Donald Trump language, the eighth wonder of the world.


Yet another empty promise typical for a person that is all talk, no walk. Meanwhile, Donald Trump's previously been dressing up a like a garbage man. His son Don Jr. Is dressing up like garbage. And so it's not a shocker that we're seeing a report out of Politico that Donald Trump is now lagging Kamala Harris in the early vote in Pennsylvania amongst a once very reliable Republican constituency. Seniors are not voting for Donald Trump there. Puerto Ricans are not voting for Donald Trump. Women are not voting for Donald Trump.


But I guess Donald Trump's saying, look at my beautiful white skin Now, who's he trying to appeal to? What's what, what? What in the world were we even watching there? Even the audience was yelling at him like, dude, just shut up and stop whining and talk about something else. But this is Donald Trump's closing message, his surrogate Elon Musk saying, you will suffer hardship on day one. Does other surrogate Magna Mike Johnson saying, repeal the Affordable Care Act and now repeal the Chips Act? And Donald Trump up there doesn't even know that the Detroit Lions play in Michigan doesn't even know what the Detroit Lions are. I'm Ben Mycells. Hit subscribe.


Let's get to 4 million together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.