
Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also only apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day. Experience our newest AI that's tailored to you by downloading the Meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


Bed Rivers Sports book is your home for chance and our exclusive Bed Rivers basketball squares where you could win up to $10,000 in bonus money. Just place a qualifying same game parlay, and you get a square at no extra cost. It's fun, it's exciting. It's your chance to win up to $10,000 in bonus money. Bed Rivers basketball squares take a chance. Must be 21 plus available in Virginia only void or prohibited. Lower bonus money Awards are more likely full terms and conditions available@bedriversquares.com. Gambling problem Call one 8 8 8 5 3 2 3500.


Your burger is served and this is our finest Pepsi Zero Sugar. It's sweet profile. Perfectly balances the savory notes of your burger. That is one perfect combination. Ah, burgers deserve Pepsi.


Home means something different to everyone, but with Rocket Mortgage Home can mean even more. It can mean a college education taming your high interest debt. Even a renovation, we've made it easier than ever to use your home equity. That home you work so hard for now, it can work hard for you. Call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com to find out more. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in all 50 states and MLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


With EA Sports College Football, 26. You can rise from high school recruit to Heisman Legend or submit your legacy as a coach by leading your program to Glory. Pre-order the deluxe edition of the game today as part of the MVP bundle at go.ea.com/mvp-bundle to start playing three days early and more EA sports college football. 26 is rated E for everyone. Includes endgame purchases, including random items


Throughout the night. Donald Trump was having a meltdown posting away on social media that trust him. The strikes on Iran were perfect. You know how he does the perfect phone call? These were the perfect strikes. So perfect. He needs to post over and over again just to make sure you know that. 'cause that's what presidents do. Here's what Donald Trump posted. I'm being sarcastic. He posts monumental damage was done to all nuclear sites in Iran, as shown by satellite images. Obliteration is an accurate term.


The white structure shown is deeply embedded into the rock with even its roof well below ground level and completely shielded from flame. What the hell does that even mean? The biggest damage took place far below ground level. Bullseye, exclamation point, exclamation point bullseye is what he writes. You know, New York Times is reporting. While Iran's four dough nuclear site took damages, it was not fully destroyed. You have Donald Trump's vice president, JD Vance signaling that Iran can still enrich uranium, that it still controls enrich uranium stockpiles.


You have Netanyahu saying the extent of damage is still to be seen. So Israel is starting to hedge. And then you had Kaylee McEnany, Donald Trump's former press secretary on Fox say, not only is Donald Trump thinking about regime change in Iran last night, she goes all dictators, you should be worried that Donald Trump's gonna do regime change against you. Play this clip. Precisely every dictator in the world is on notice now, Folks. Donald Trump is feeling so strong right now that he is begging, you know, Donald Trump's expression begging like a dog.


He's begging China Xi Jinping to prevent Iran from closing the strait of Herms and disrupting global oil flows. So I'm just trying to get this straight. Donald Trump declares trade war against the world and China. Donald Trump bombs Iran. Donald Trump begs China to speak with Iran. That doesn't sound like someone who's supremely confident. Forget supremely confident Donald Trump is just outright insane. Here were the emails that he was sending yesterday, sending emails like this during war with Iran.


He's sending emails like this, Ben, before the 4th of July comes. I just want you to have my golf balls, Trump's signature golf balls. I want you to have these. I've signed collectible golf balls just for you, but we'll only have a few of these left in stock. So if you want them, you've got to order before midnight. You know, 'cause I remember what is FDR and Truman and Eisenhower or JFK or Clinton or Obama, I remember that after military action, they would say, you need my golf balls.


You, you, you'll want some golf balls, everybody. $5. If you donate $5, you could could be entered into golf ball competition. Or here's another offer from Trump. Ben, you want to go to the fair with Donald Trump? Nah, I I I really don't wanna do any of those things. Let's see how Americans feel about Donald Trump's conduct. The latest u gov poll from yesterday, June 22nd. Do you want America to be at war with Iran? 85% of Americans say no. Only 5% of Americans say yes. How about Trump's approval on Iran? Only 35% of Americans approve.


53% disapprove. So I guess the plan then must be pretend that we're actually not at war with Iran, right? So maybe bring on Marco Rubio and have Marco Rubio say, we're not, no, no, no, no. There's no war with Iran. Play this clip. Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here. Are we now at war with Iran? With Iran? No, we're not. This is not a war against Iran. This is, this is very simple. You know, 67 days ago, the president of the United States sent the Iranians a letter and it said, you're not gonna have nuclear weapons. You're not gonna have a militarized nuclear program.


Let's negotiate. I want to do this diplomatically. I wanna do this peacefully. They played, they tried to play him along the way. They've played every American president for the last 35 years. And you know, the president told them, if we don't get a deal, which is what we wanted, then I'll have to handle it differently. And that's, or Or maybe you have JD Vance. I mean jd JD says, well, no, we're at war with the nuclear facilities. This isn't a real war. Oh, oh, oh, it isn't. Did you tell Iran that? Play this clip Question. Mr. Vice President is the United States now at war with Iran? No, Kristen, we're not at war with Iran.


We're at war with Iran's nuclear program. And let me just say, Kristen, that we're incredibly grateful and proud of the American Air Force pilots who did an incredible job last night. That the, So now one of the things that Trump's propagandists are doing is they are preemptively blaming terrorist attacks in the United States and against American assets abroad. On, you guessed it. Former President Biden, Charlie Kirk, one of Donald Trump's top propagandists post stay armed, stay vigilant. We have no idea how many sleeper cells are inside the United States.


It's an unforgivable weakness that Biden left the country with. Stay alert, pray. Well, let's blame former President Biden for what Donald Trump did. Bill Mulligan on Fox. Same thing. He goes, here are the numbers of Iranians who came in through the border under Biden. We don't know how many of them are terrorists, but stay vigilant. Meanwhile, the State Department has issued a worldwide caution for all United States citizens here and abroad to exercise extreme care. Because as a result of Donald Trump, you are a target. Now, as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, apparently MAGA voted to occupy Gaza and develop it after displacing the populate, displacing the population, run mineral companies in Ukraine, make Iran great again by installing a pro-Trump regime.


Sell, selling scenic federal land to developers, trump crypto scams, record deficits and trade wars. We've been covering this on a lot of our social media accounts and@midasplus.com, so check it out. But one of the things in Donald Trump's disastrous budget bill, in addition to taking away healthcare from 15 million Americans, taking away food stamps, taking away housing benefits, giving billionaires trillions of dollars in tax cuts, it also sells off 250 million acres of federal land to Donald Trump's billionaire friends.


Wow. Wow, wow. Okay. You have Iran's foreign minister meeting with Putin and Moscow today because there's an alliance there that Donald Trump didn't realize. As I mentioned, you had Donald Trump begging China. You have that internationally. Oh, and you had Donald Trump making posts like this yesterday as well. It's not politically correct to use the term regime change, but if the current Iranian regime is unable to make Iran great again, why wouldn't there be regime change? Make Iran great again, or Trump posted this. The great B two pilots have just landed safely in Missouri. Thank you for a job well done.


Donk j Trump, he spells, he can't spell his own name. He spells Donald D-O-N-A-K-D, president of the U United States. Wow. Wow, wow. And again, you had Heif saying the mission was not regime change during a press conference in the morning. Play this clip. Yeah. So is regime change off the table, Mr. Secretary and to the chairman? You know, you, you, you said the battle damage assessment is still ongoing, but do you believe that some nuclear capability in Iran remains This mission was not and has not been about regime change?


The president authorized a precision operation to neutralize the threats to our national interests posed by the Iranian nuclear program and the collective self-defense of our troops and our ally Israel. And you had JD Vance saying that our view is that there is no regime change. You heard Vance saying that early yesterday morning as well. Well, look, that's up to the Israelis, but our view has been very clear that we don't want a regime change. We do not want to protract this or build this out any more than it's already been built out. We want to end their nuclear program and then we want to talk to the Iranians about a long-term settlement here.


Well folks, we will keep you posted every step of the way here on the Midas Touch Network. As always, by the way, check out midas plus.com. Oh and lots of people ask. Become a member. You could become a member of our YouTube page also. That helps grow this channel. Become a member. Thanks for watching. Get subscribed. Let's get to 6 million New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.