
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down, so to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT mobile unlimited premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid to get 2020. Maybe get 15 15, 15 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront for three months plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slows full terms at mint mobile do com. I mean, seriously, can we talk about what went down on day three of the Republican National Convention? Look, you had Matt Gates walking out with the most ridiculous Botox job. You had everybody in the audience holding up signs that said mass deportation, and then there were chance that were breaking out.


Send them out, send them out, send them out, get rid of them. You had Donald Trump falling asleep during the speech of Don Jr. You had multiple felons and criminals throughout. You had Paul Manafort showed back up. Who? Donald Trump. Pardon? Who was found guilty in two separate cases for his links with Russia, right? You had Peter Navarro who had just returned from prison. You have Donald Trump, a convicted felon. By the way. You had everybody in the audience, or a ton of people in the audience now wearing bandages on their ear to show solidarity with Donald Trump.


Previously, they were wearing diapers at the Trump events. Again, that was fact checked by Snopes and they were saying diapers over Dems and it was reported how Donald Trump was apparently wearing diapers, so they were wearing diaper. Now they wear the bandages over their ears. This is an overall very, very bizarre event. I want to break it down now, I'm sure if you're watching corporate media, but you don't anymore. They said, look, it was such a different tone. This was about unity. They didn't even mention some of the things. What are you talking? They had mass deportation signs and send them back where the chance that we're breaking out as they had felons walking in and giving speeches like, what in the world are you talking about?


Corporate media. Alright, here's Matt Gaetz with the weird facelift Botox giving a speech. Let me show you this play. The clip Inflation has gotten so bad. You can no longer bribe Democrat senators with cash alone. You have to use gold bars just so the bribes Open. Look, here you have felon Paul Manafort, who Donald Trump had to pardon, who had his links with Russia exposed, and he was criminally charged. He was literally an advisor to the Russian oligarchs who was running Donald Trump's campaign. Here he is, right here, played the clip. Mr. Madam, how is it to be back? Great to be back. Have you talked with the, the former president?


I don't tell people that. Then you had the MAGA Republic or MAGA Republican governor of Texas, Abbott, governor Abbott. As he was chanting xenophobic things or saying xenophobic things, the crowd then erupts in a chant to send them back with their mass deportation signs, play the clip. He will enforce the immigration laws. He will fight the Mexican drug cartels, and he will arrest the criminal illegal immigrants and put them behind bars or send them back.


Then they played the video of the University of Mississippi student who was making the monkey gestures to an African-American woman, and that's what they displayed. Play the clip has Some hope there that not all college students have gone woke. They should be celebrated for And what be, I'm gonna show you in a little bit what the corporate media was saying about how this was a tone change and how this brought people together. What in the world are you talking about? You propaganda machines for Donald Trump. Here we have the VP picked JD Vance, who previously called Donald Trump America's Hitler and called Donald Trump noxious and called Donald Trump. A terrible person.


Said Donald Trump was disgusting. I can go through the litany of things that JD Vance said about Donald Trump. Also, JD Vance supports an IVF ban. JD Vance supports a federal abortion ban. JD Vance believes that women who were in violent marriages should not be allowed to have divorces. I can go on with JD Vance. Oh, and JD Vance believes that America should do nothing to help Ukraine. Oh, And By. the way you haven't heard this reported in another network, although we wrote about it on midas news.com, you had Serge Lavrov of Russia, congratulated Vance, and spoke on Russia TV about how this was so great for Russia that Donald Trump had picked JD Vance and showed that Donald Trump and Vance were going to help Russia win the war against Ukraine after the unlawful invasion.


Here's JD Vance's Leader. He's the man who is feared by America's adversaries. But two nights ago, and I'll share a moment, said goodnight to his two boys. Told them he loved them and made sure to give each of them a kiss on the cheek. And I will say Don and Eric Squirmed the same way my 4-year-old does when his daddy tries to give him a kiss on the cheek. Sorry guys. As I mentioned before, you have Donald Trump falling asleep. When Don Jr was speaking, he Don Jr. Talks about how his dad really loved the construction workers, but like, oh really? The ones that he stiffed as Donald Trump bankrupted all of his companies and would not pay any of his contractors and literally screwed them over and left a devastation in his wake.


But okay, here's the propaganda fest here. Play this clip. In fact, you are the ones who matter most of all. My father has always said that the people he gets along with best are the people who really work for a living. It's because of his background as a builder in construction, right? In construction, it doesn't matter how smart your architect is, if you don't have the best guys laying the bricks people with, Then you have Doug Bergham, who was supposed to be, who was on the short list of Donald Trump's VP picks.


And here he is saying that actually the real dictator is President Biden play the clip At whom Biden is acting like a dictator. He's using mandates to shut down reliable base load electricity. That's why your electric bills have sorted upwards as our nation's electric grid reliability spirals downward. Four more years of Joe will usher an era of Biden brownouts and blackouts. Imagine no electricity for your fridge, your lights or air conditioning. President Trump will ensure that there is power for you and importantly that we have the power as the United States to beat China in the AI arms race.


And you know, we actually have videos of Donald Trump saying that he wants to be a dictator for a day or he will be a dictator for a day. I know. Big tone shift everyone. Big tone shift. Alright, and then we have Donald Trump making posts throughout the day. You have Donald Trump selling assassination sneakers, assassination attempt $299. Sneakers not making this up. It's the fight, fight, fight, assassination attempt, sneaker 5,000 limited edition. Everybody. Big tone change here. This is what he's doing. He put this up for sale before he even called the widow, who is the wife of a MAGA supporter who got killed at the event. But I guess just spend your time grifting by selling assassination attempt shoes.


Like, are you kidding me? Donald Trump also posted that January 6th is a hoax. He attacked his sexual assault victim. He posted a horrific meme about President Biden and he tried to take credit for the stock market under President Biden. Speaking of which, here is the Fox propaganda machine crediting Donald Trump for the stock market right now under President Biden. I mean, this is such clownish stuff here play the clip. But the Momentum is so strong right now. So many people get it. Investors look at the market, Jesse the other day Dow industrials up 740 points today, another 200 plus points.


Investors are betting that Donald Trump returns to to the White House and implements those economic policies that get a growth trajectory back in place for this economy. So I think he's gonna talk about policy, you know, unleashing energy, securing the border tax, extending those tax cuts, all of the things that will in fact get this economy back on track. But he's also gotta have that strength and that fight that Donald Trump has as well.


Speaking of, hey folks, lemme tell you a quick story and let's keep this between us. Okay? So I was on date night trying to impress my wife. We were walking in town. I bent down to pick up some trash and my old jeans may have slid just a little bit and gave everybody a view they didn't ask for. Needless to say I was made fun of for a a bit of time after that, but that's when I discovered the perfect gene. No more embarrassing moments, just comfort and style that moves with you. Today's sponsor, the Perfect Gene, has truly nailed the solution to all our denim dilemmas. They were tired of the same old, stiff, uncomfortable pants, so they created the comfiest jeans from UltraSoft stretchy denim fabric. So whether you're squatting, doing yoga, or just sitting through a dinner date, these jeans move with you. These jeans hug your assets in all the right places, making sure you look and feel great. and they cater to everyone with possibly the most sizes available online. From skinny to thick. Thick waist sizes from 26 to 50 and lengths from 26 to 38, they have you covered. And for a limited time, our listeners get 15% off their first order plus free shipping at the perfect Gene N yc. Just use code Midas one five at checkout for 15% off. I've been wearing the perfect gene for a while now, and I have to say they are incredibly comfortable and stretchy. I can move around freely and they fit perfectly. I've even received quite a few compliments on how great they look. Whether you're an athlete or have a larger or smaller body, finding good fitting comfortable jeans has never been easier. And the perfect gene doesn't just stop at jeans. They've revolutionized T-shirts as well. The Perfect Tee has just enough stretch to hide that beer belly while accentuating your arms and chest for that flawless look. It's soft as butter and doesn't shrink in the wash like all your other tees. It's just perfect. Plus, the perfect gene always offers free shipping exchanges and returns. You could have peace of mind knowing that your order is completely risk free. It's finally time to stop crushing your parts in uncomfortable jeans by going to the perfect Gene nyc. Our listeners get 15% off their first order, plus free shipping, free returns and free exchanges when you use that code. Midas 15 at checkout. That's 15% off for new customers@theperfectgene.nyc with promo code M-E-I-D-A-S 15. After you purchase, they're gonna ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell 'em that we sent you. Forget your khakis and get the perfect gene.


Then you have Nancy Mace speak. She says, my name is Nancy, I'm not Pelosi Mace like these are a bunch of not funny, like weirdo dangerous grifters who just change their personality and do whatever they cared about, anything they want for power. You play this clip. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Congresswoman Nancy Mace of South Carolina. Good evening America. My name is Nancy.


Don't call me Pelosi Mace. Then you had Peter Navarro just released from prison. He was held in contempt for not showing up to a deposition. He could have just invoked the fifth, but he refused to show up at the deposition. He was convicted by a jury, served time in jail, and here he is saying that there's an army of illegal immigrants and of of illiterate illegal immigrants. Really a very subtle message here. There's really about unity. And as people have their mass deportation signs and they're screaming, send them back, play this clip And, and a whole army of illiterate eagle illegal. A aliens stealing the jobs of black, brown and blue collar Americans.


Hey, put 'em right on your front doorstep. I mean, as you're watching this, this looks like, like a Nazi rally. I don't, how would you describe to send them back mass deportation, like how is this the United States of America? Like what in the world are we talking about? Then you have alternative facts, lady Kellyann Conway, and she says, you know, look, Donald Trump could be playing golf all day. That's what he could be doing, but he's, you know, he cares about the people. That's what he's playing golf all day. All he does is golf. He spent one year while in office golfing. Here was Kellyanne Conway played the clip. Now, eight years later, he and his family have made the sacrifice again for him to run and serve as president.


Donald Trump could be the envy of former presidents. He's a billionaire who could play golf every day at his own golf courses. He can enjoy a magnificent life with his incredible five children, his 10 amazing grandchildren, and that extraordinary, elegant, beautiful, brilliant wife, the former and future First Lady Melania Truck, And here with the icing on top.


Let me just show you, I'm I'm, I'm gonna play you 30 seconds of this because you can't even watch the rest of this, but this is NBC as part of their coverage saying, oh, this was a major, this was bad. This was really a knight of unity and bringing people together. This is very notable here. Play this clip Biography because I've been so struck not just by what we've heard, Kristen, but why what we have not heard this whole week. All the, the, the, the rally favorites, the greatest hits about the 2020 election being stolen. No one's mentioning it, political grievances, weaponizing government, nobody's mentioning it, nobody's calling the January 6th rioters, patriots or hostages. All of that seems to have been excised from what the Republican party is trying to portray here on this stage.


It is notable. It's very notable. And Look, I don't know how you watch that to not say they're rooting for fascism. I mean, by the way, while their narratives are all antibi, can we just talk very briefly about a few things. Number one, just take a look at some of these facts we have the United. States has the best economy in the world. Best covid economic recovery in the world, record infrastructure and green investment, 40,000 infrastructure projects, E energy independent for the first time most drilling ever, most progressive and most progressive and worker friendly president in our lifetime record, clean energy investment, massive manufacturing, boom, nato, stronger than ever.


We added two new members to nato, helped with crushing student debt, avoided a recession, expanded veteran protections with the PACT Act. Go on and on and on, but I guess that's not enough for the media and lots of people as well. And By the way even where the data like the 5 38 poll shows President Biden's best polling yet under the 5 38 model, and even where you have Professor Allen Lichtman, who's basically predicted every correct presidential election saying you can't give up the incumbency, you realize that President Biden's the best chance of winning anyway. You have corporate media pushing their own narrative, but with all the things that you saw today at the RNC I, think it is worthwhile that we show you the video we created at the Midas Touch Network.


We call it the Real Trump House, and we took the trailer from like the Real Housewives of Orange County and Beverly Hills, and we just showed you what season two's gonna look like in a Trump administration. Play this clip, Donald Trump reacting to reports about what a second term would look like. He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no, other than day one, Before I get chased out of town with my Trump. Pardon? We're gonna deport 10 million people in growing, but kids in cages is gonna be glorious. This is why we're tyrannical. This is why we're dictators. We will go out and find the conspirators, not just in government, but in the media. Yes, we're gonna come after you, The elephant in the room, which is pornography.


Whenever America bans that which will be happening at some point, everyone will be much better off. For people who know their Bible, this is exactly what the prophets told us. Transgender Black Marxists are seeking the overthrow of the United States and the dissolution of the traditional family. Neutral laws will be used to crush us. Write the law so it protects your friends and harms the bad guys. When Democrats break the law, you bring it smashing down on them. I think you can only serve an office if you were actually born in this country. Not a birthright citizen anchor baby like Nikki Haley. But I don't want people like that in our country, let alone in our Congress.


If you want to save this country, there is going to have to be a third grade awakening. We are in the process of the second American Revolution, which will remain bloodless if the left allows it to be. Alright, thank you all for watching. Tell me what you think in the comments below. Hit subscribe. We're on our way to 3 million subscribers. We really appreciate you watching. Have a good day. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.