
Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You Insane Hollywood? So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes. C Details.


Be honest, when's the last time you had a homemade meal? We get it between meetings, workout classes, and the kids after school sports. Who's got time to cook? That's where HelloFresh comes in. No matter how busy you get, HelloFresh has everything you need to get an easy home-cooked meal on the table with flavor packed recipes like Parmesan, herb crusted salmon. You'll be filling your kitchen with the cozy aromas of a homemade meal in no time. So go ahead, try HelloFresh. It's homemade made easy. Learn more@hellofresh.com.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, Guaranteed Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's S goals with LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


If you've had that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babble is the Science-Backed Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at babel do com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This is a sign that William McGinley probably felt very, very uncomfortable about the things he was seeing happen there. And this is a kind of guy who would want to protect himself. That's my opinion why he left. This is a guy who's been at big law firms his whole career. His name is again, William McGinley. Donald Trump sent this message saying, this guy's gonna be the main lawyer of Doge. Well, he's gone. He lasted, what, half of a half of a scaramucci look better than Vivek Ramas Swami, who got forced out of Doge, the other supposed leader.


It was Elon Musk and Vivek. Vivek got pushed out. Vivek lasted negative Scaramucci. He didn't even make it through inauguration before Elon Musk pushed him out. But McGinley at least lasted two days or three days. And then he left. He quit, he resigned, he left. And he said, I'll make some announcements about what I'm doing in the private sector soon, but I, I'm not dealing with this. I'm going into the private sector. Now, this was first reported by the Wall Street Journal, then others like the Independent and us picked it up, getting out of Doge Government Efficiency Agency sees another top leader, bolt as lawyer follows Ramis Swami's exit.


Bill McGinley, who was appointed as dozers legal counsel by the president in December, announced his decision on Thursday. Right. So he lasted, what, three days maybe. Now, I just want you to think about this. This is not normal, right? Imagine if President Biden appointed somebody to an agency or a cabinet position. I get Doge is not really a agency, although Donald Trump's trying to rebrand some existing digital administrative thing as Doge. I, you know, he is trying to do that. But could you imagine if President Biden appointed somebody to a top position and they quit right away, or they were forced out or fired before inauguration, or they left three days after?


You know why that didn't happen? Because President Biden was a leader. Former President Biden picked people who would last and then they behaved normally. But all you have to do is go back through Donald Trump's various failed businesses, his current failed businesses, his current crypto grips, his meme, coin grips. Everything is a grif. He is an awful business leader. People left all the time. It was always chaos. That's how he ran things into the ground. It was one of my biggest complaints. His moral character is solo. Yes, he's a fe, he's a sexual assaulter. The worst of the worst. But he sucks as a business, but he's the worst.


He can't lead things 'cause real leaders wouldn't let this happen. And so we previously reported as well that Vivek Ramis Swami was fired and he was forced out again before day one. Think about the chaos within this Doge thing, but what are they focused on? Elon Musk came up with the plan, everybody about how he's gonna cut the $2 trillion. You wanna know what his plan is? He's going to kill the penny. Yeah, you heard that, right? This is dojo's big, brilliant idea. They're gonna get rid of the ellant, the, the penny. But you see what that would actually do is maybe that would cut 0.02% of Musk's trillion dollar goal.


I should mention they're no longer talking about 2 trillion, although the MAGA in the House of Representatives haven't got that memo, they still are lying to the American people on saying it's 2 trillion. Elon Musk is now saying 1 trillion and eliminating the penny would be 0.02% of that. Now, this is real. They wanna eliminate the penny. Doge said on X that, I mean, just think about this, this sentence. Doge said on X, that penny costs over 3 cents to make and cost US taxpayers over $179 million. In the 2023 fiscal year quote, the mint produced over 4.5 billion pennies.


In 2023, around 40% of the 11.4 billion coins for circulation produced. They post read in part the US mint in 2023 reported it circulated around 4.1 billion pennies. In fiscal year 2024, the US mint said its annual report that the US penny cost about 3.70 cents to produce and distribute up more than 20% from the previous year. So we're talking about one. I I'm, I'm not like a lover of the penny. Okay? I don't know one way or the other. I don't have like strong feelings, but $179 million doesn't even make a dent in a trillion dollars. But they promised $2 trillion. But as I've said before, this is WMD weapon of mass distraction.


And I think when it came to Vivek and others, they just didn't get that memo. I mean, Vivek said the quiet part out loud. Vivek said, the American culture is a mediocre culture. Remember when Vivek said that? And by the way, Elon agreed with Vivek, although Elon just got a lot more money than Vivek, so for Donald Trump, and he basically paid for Donald Trump's campaign. So Donald Trump's not doing anything with his puppet master Elon Musk. But remember what Vivek said a few weeks back, American culture is mediocre. We focus so much on Boy meets world, or Zach and Slater over screech, and the culture is dumb. And therefore, because Americans are too dumb to do STEM jobs, science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, that we need labor from India to fill the STEM jobs.


And therefore, the H one B Visa program needs to be expanded. By the way Donald Trump has said over and over again, he goes, I love H one B. H one B is the greatest. My waiters, my maer, DS H one B, there's some great staff. Okay? That's not what H one B is Donald Trump, number one. But number two, your whole campaign promise was to do the opposite was was having these jobs spilled by Americans. But with Donald Trump, it's always promise broken. Donald Trump's staff is furious at Elon Musk as well for further fueling this oligarch war taking place. Remember one of Donald Trump's first announcements that he had in the Oval Office?


He brought in Sam Altman, he brought in Larry Ellison, he brought in Mai son, these three big oligarch AI people. And they said, we're gonna announce Stargate and we're gonna do this $500 billion that we're gonna put into ai. And then Elon Musk started reposting crack pipes and crack and saying, okay, Altman and all these people, you don't have $500 billion. This is a made up number. You may as well say $1 trillion because you are just standing in the Oval Office and lying about investments that are being made in ai.


You just don't have that money. So then Altman then tried to show that these investments were being made. So he posted, you know, he is trying to appeal to Donald Trump Altman posts, look at this big beautiful building. This is what we're building right now. Okay? And as I, I posted this in response to the response to this guy, I am like, okay, that factory was probably built three years ago. A factory doesn't get built in 24 hours. So you're just, what you're doing is you built this thing when President Biden was in office, and now you're trying to pretend that you somehow are investing this money now for Donald Trump. I mean, it's utterly, utterly pathetic. And then you have the Steve Bannon crew And that contingency within MAGA world saying that Elon needs to go and Elon's undermining Trump's agenda by attacking the AI program.


And then Donald Trump said, you know, Elon can say whatever Elon wants to, wants to say, but I mean, who would've predicted this? I mean, this video right here, I'm, I'm, I'm being sarcastic. Of course, this video right here is Anne Coulter and Vive Ram Swami. And do you remember what Anne Coulter said to him, here, play this clip. And that's why I brought on today somebody who I think has some thoughtful perspectives on the future direction of our country, of our conservative movement. And on this question of nationalism and national identity, somebody who've been fascinated for by, for a long time and have interacted with on social media. But for the first time, we're having a at least live form conversation in the offline sense of it, Anne Coulter.


So Anne, thanks for coming on and I'm looking forward to our conversation today. Me too. Thanks for having me. That was a fantastic opening monologue. I too am a fan of yours. I'm going to make a point of disagreeing with you so that it will be fun. Yeah. You are so bright and articulate, and I guess I can call you articulate since you're not an American black. Can't, can't say that about them. That's, that's derogatory. And that was a great opening segment. Lots of things to talk about there. Oh, and I agreed with many, many things. You said during, in fact, probably more than, than most other candidates when you were running for president. But I still would not have voted for you because you're an Indian.


We'll get back to that.


We geek out for a minute on something. I think it's gonna be helpful for you. It's called Fatty 15. It's co-founder Dr. Stephanie Vin Watson discovered C 15 as the first essential fatty acid to be found in 90 years while working with the US Navy to improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep ourselves healthy, which keeps us healthy. So if you wanna get sciencey about it, studies show that C 15, it works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial function, and protecting us against damaging free radicals. So if you feel like, how could I stop aging faster or I'm sleeping poorly or feeling sluggish? The bottom line is that many of us are deficient in C 15, which results in weaker cells, which results in those things. So Fatty 15 is the Science Fact award-winning vegan and pure C 15 supplement that steps in and helps. It works in multiple ways. It repairs age, age-related damage to cells. It protects them from future breakdowns. It boosts mitochondrial energy output and activates pathways in the body that help regulate sleep, mood, natural repair mechanisms that support our overall help. So deeper sleep, smoother functioning joints, healthier hair, skin and nails. That's essential. And the C 15 helps here and fatty 15 deliver. So it comes in these gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jars and refill capsules that are shipped to your door quarterly and pouches made from recycled materials. I love that. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your se, your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/midas and using the code Midas at checkout. That's fatty fifteen.com/midas, F-A-T-T-Y fifteen.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Use that code Midas at checkout. M-E-I-D-A-S.


Folks, this is what MAGA is. This is what MAGA is about. And while all of that's happening, Donald Trump's out there selling his scammy meme coins from the White House. I mean, which is just, which is just utterly pathetic. The Patriots account, the Patriot Takes account though, posted this, and I think it's important, it goes, Trump promised to rapidly drive prices down starting day one to make America affordable again. But egg prices are now skyrocketing. Look at the side by side image that Patriot takes posted here. Play this clip Starting the day, I take the oath of office, I will rapidly drive prices down and we will make America affordable again. We're gonna make it affordable again.


So left and right, people quitting, people getting fired. Total disarray. This is not what's supposed, this isn't normal stuff, but let's not forget Trump promised to lower prices. That's not happening. He promised to make housing more affordable. That's not happening. None of the things he's said are happening are happening. He is A-L-I-A-R, but you all know that. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 4 million subscribers. Please love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash Newsletter.