
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today


To the people in the country of Georgia, rising up against the Putin backed regime called the Dream Party in Georgia. I want all the people to know who are there in the streets of Tbilisi. We support you here in the United States of America. We hear you, and we're going to be sharing your stories here. And what we're seeing in Tbilisi is the nightmare of fascists. It's the nightmare of authoritarians and want to be authoritarians. And Donald Trump better realize that if his cabinet picks and his agenda that he wants to be rolling out is going to be taking away the rights of we, the people destroying our democracy, doing mass deportations.


Let me be very clear. The streets of Washington DC will look like the streets of Tbilisi. And let me also be very clear that the tactics and things that we are seeing being used by the brave and courageous people of Tbilisi who want to move their country closer, the people of Georgia who wanna move their country closer to the European Union, their voices are a guiding post right now to us all here is Marika, Marsha Lee. And here's what she says. They threw tear gas and endless crowds. And as the people rushed to the side streets to breathe, the police ran up from those streets and began beating them and detaining them.


Those people suffer torture and detention cars, heavy beating pepper spray, no air rape threats. Previously, the police tactic was to crack down later into the night with fewer people. Now it seems like they simply want to catch and torture as many people as they can, hashtag Georgia protests. But the pro-democracy protest in Tbilisi, Georgia continue, the people endure. As the Putin backed dream coalition regime there continues to try to turn Georgia into a complete Putin autocracy. And just to refresh your recollection, If you haven't seen the past videos that I've been doing on the country of Georgia, what's been going on there is that since 2012, the governing party is a group called the Dream Party.


They aligned very dystopian name. I know they align themselves with Vladimir Putin. They want to move the country closer to Putin. The people. Overwhelmingly it seems want to move the country to the European Union in the Georgia Constitution itself, since Georgia became free. It's to, it says in the Constitution that they will become part of the European Union and to take steps to do that. So what happened was, in the past month or so, there was an election that was held in Georgia that most observers believed was completely riddled by fraud and kind of the Putin types of tactics to suppress people's votes and to manipulate the vote count, most honest observers say it was not a free and fair election.


Then also, the governing party in Georgia, the Putin back party said they will not be moving the country in the direction of Europe. Then these massive protests from the people of Georgia started. Now we're on day after day of these protests, and now the regime backed police forces. We see them in the street trying to intimidate people, rounding up the leaders of youth movements. Just take a look at this yet. Another arrest today, youth movement, Dani founder and the leader Zi, was also detained searches and arrests also of opposition offices and leaders.


Today, the regime is repressing with lightning speed sanctions. Right now, just in another co-founder of one of these group de a Facebook self organized group, Nancy Oland is also having her home searched from this morning on activists political parties two Coalition for Change offices, Ali Gushi, DRA and UNM Youth are being raided or hearing is going on there as well, is that the regime backed police is planting Molotov cocktails in the opposition headquarters. Then saying that they found him to arrest people and lock them up without their rights.


Just in the police's searching the home of IA gti, one of the founders of the self-organized Facebook community, an activist, as Marika says, from what I hear, he will be charged with organizing group violence, but she will be providing more updates just in yet another search. Today, they came after activist Saba GenZ. Previously they broke into the home of his wife's mother pretending to be gas inspectors wife Anna confidentially reports her mother has a heart attack. Her children were present. We're also seeing in Georgia though defections from people associated with the Dream Party. Here's a major police defection right here.


A senior instructor of vocational training from the Ministry of Eternal Affairs has resigned citing inner convictions. He stepped down in protest. Maka also reports out of the 320 who have been detained, 256 have been brutally beaten to date right now after an absolutely horrifying day of arrests, searches, and intimidation. There are even more people though, who are now out tonight than before, as if the capacity of protesting mobilization to population ratio could even be higher. And again, folks, this is why I say this is Donald Trump's worst nightmare right here.


To see that the people power is ultimately what will prevail.


A large part of managing a business's finances is tedious, repetitive work to ensure accurate bookkeeping. You know what I'm talking about? Ramp helps streamline this work giving business operators like yours truly and you more time to focus on what matters the most Ramp is the corporate card and spend management software designed to help you save time and put money back in your pocket. With Ramp spend policies are built into the card so you can prevent wasteful spending before it happens. You can customize spending limits and restrictions, so employees are empowered to purchase what your business needs. And you can have the peace of mind. Ram plays bad cop, so you don't have to, you'd be good cop detecting policy violations, chasing missing documentation, requesting repayment and locking cards of noncompliant employees and get this Ram's accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time. So you don't have to say bye-bye to manual expense reports. You'll never have to chase down a receipt ever again and your employees will no longer spend hours on expenses. The time you'll save each month on employee expenses will allow you to close your books eight times faster. And now get $250. When you join Ramp. Just go to Ramp dot com slash midas. That's Ramp RAMP Ramp dot com slash midas, RA mp.com/midas. Cards issued by Sutton Bank member, FDIC, terms and conditions apply.


We also learned that the Georgia Dream Party rated opposition party activist houses, which I was reporting, and again, as as as this account says, but this is not a reaction to the unfolding developments. This was the plan articulated before the election campaign to go after the enemy from within. Does that sound familiar to you? And now, one of the things that we're seeing as well being developed there, and again, I think this needs to be developed a little further, are some apps that actually track some police dislocation and ambulances live on this website to show where the police locations are.


So as all of that's going on and the people are saying, whoa, what is going on in Georgia? You're taking us to a Putin style oligarchy. We, the people will not stand for it. Well now Donald Trump has chosen yet a, another billionaire to join his administration. He has nine billionaires on his cabinet or close in his administration, eight billionaires for top positions. He's now chosen a ninth billionaire to serve as deputy defense secretary. And this one enjoys lucrative contracts with the Pentagon. So the person who does deals with the Pentagon now gets to do deals with themselves.


I guess that's that, that that's what you thought. You were you, but no tax on tips. Right? Come on. Okay. I wanna show you this clip right here though, because this shows you, and this will look very similar to the MAGA brainwashing. So this right here is a group of Russian, and by the way, on X and Twitter, they've removed this video multiple times. So here's a group of Russian pensioners. Listen to a lecture about the difference between Putin and Trump. But they ultimately say Trump is a clown. A little, a little younger than the last one. But notice their language that they use. How well Trump's gonna go after the trans.


Trump's gonna go after. Just take a look at this. 'cause you'll see a group of people here in Russia, they're in a decrepit house. They're wearing coats inside. They're listening to a lecture on the decadent West, while they quite literally are in a tiny room with no heating, with no heat. Just watch this though, 'cause this sounds so similar to the type of rhetoric used by MAGA politicians play this clip.


And the thing about that that I want to, I, I wanna share with you is when we talk about the laboratories of autocracy that the magos want to create, and you wonder, how can people accept, like in Oklahoma, for example, right? They're like the worst in education, income, quality of life, like every category. They're like the worst, but they vote red all of the time when compared to all of the states. And then you compare that to a state like Massachusetts, which is, you know, top in education, top in wealth, top in health, the exact opposite of Oklahoma. They vote totally blue. So the question is, and I've, I've addressed this in a lot of the posts that I've done on midas plus.com, how is it that these authoritarian regimes get people like in that room you saw in Russia, to like accept that, accept that that's their life and that's what they want to create here now in the United States.


'cause they figure that people would just blame the trans and gay people and all of these other things. Which brings me to this point that the word of the year from Oxford is brain rott. Brain rott is defined as these supposed deteriorations of a person's mental or intellectual state, especially viewed as the result of overconsumption of material. Now, particularly online content considered to be trivial or unchallenging also something characterized as likely to lead to such deterioration. They're fed this over and over and over again and told to blame this, blame this person, blame that person for your condition. But it's the person who's in that room with them who's doing it to them.


It's the, it's Trump who's doing it to you. It's the billionaires who he is now appointing in his cabinet who are doing it to you. So let me be very clear and tie this all together as we watch what's happening in Georgia and you see the people fed up with that. We must be inspired by that. We need to make sure we acknowledge the heroism of what's taking place by the pro-democracy people who are standing up against repression in Georgia. But that should also draw, we should also draw inspiration internationally that we, the people will not want to be subjugated by Putin and Putin style puppets like Trump and others. It's my just my view, just my opinion. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers.


Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.