
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gouge, a URI Collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Donald Trump got stunned yesterday during a press conference in the Oval Office when he was asked this very simple question. Let's play the clip, Mr. President, you said, when can we expect the Epstein documents to release the rest Of them? Which documents the Epstein files? I don't know. I'll speak to the attorney general about that. I really don't know Mr. I know that we've done, we've done the RFK, the Kennedy Martin Luther King is out there very shortly, so we'll find out. But we've, and we've, we've really, really announced we're doing them in full transparency. You know, when we did JFK, people were saying, oh, maybe it wasn't all, it was all Yeah, Donald, the question was not about the other files out there, which by the way, you didn't even release them.


You just released files that were already released. Where are the Epstein files? Donald? Oh, wait a minute. You were very close friends with Epstein. You said he was a great guy who likes women on the younger side. You partied with him in Palm Beach. You flew with him on his Lolita Express at least seven times. You're on his flight logs. The documents from the Epstein criminal cases in civil cases that were released, Donald, they have your name all over it on the depositions. I see your name of victims that Epstein traffic saying that Epstein said he was on the phone with you and they landed in Atlantic City to stop at one of your casinos in the criminal case involving Ghislaine Maxwell, one of Epstein's traffickers, a woman who was 14 years old at the time, said that she was introduced to you by Epstein, a 14-year-old girl.


Donald, we also know your statements as well. We know that you've said that you would use your beauty pageants to inspect women naked without their consent. We've heard you talk about and brag about sexually assaulting women, grabbing them by their genitals without their consent. We knew you were never going to release the Epstein files, but y'all continued with this farce. Remember when Pam Bondi said that the files were gonna be released? Remember that was that a month ago, Pam Bondi said, there are truckloads of evidence relating to the Epstein case that has been delivered to the FBI headquarters.


And she said that she was going through them. Remember when she went on Hannity a few weeks back and she said this play, this Glip, Let me start with the Epstein case. 'cause there was an expectation that this was gonna be bigger. You had the same expectation We all did. And the FBI handed over a couple hundred of PA pages of documents. But you know, Sean, I gave them a deadline of Friday at 8:00 AM to get us everything. And a source had told me where the documents were being kept. Southern District of New York shock. So we got them all by hopefully all of them. Friday at 8:00 AM thousands of pages of documents. I have the FBI going through them and cash is also now that we have cash here, it's a game changer.


Of course. And cash is going to, director Patel is going to get us a detailed report as to why the FBI withheld all of those documents. Okay? You know, with everything involving Donald Trump, he is a complete and utter fraud, right? They threw that event at the White House. When was that event at the White House. Now was that two months ago where they brought in all these right wing influencers? They gave them a binder that said the Epstein files on the binder. And then inside the binder were just Epstein's call list, which had previously been released. And by the way, Trump's name was on that too.


Not just Trump names, but like all of Donald Trump's contacts were all over there. Did, did you, have you ever seen this graphic right here of the cycle of Trump and Epstein Trump was best friends with Epstein? True Trump does something that helps pedophiles. Trump was best friends with Epstein. Trump does something that helps pedophiles. It's a pattern that repeats over and over again. Let me just show you all one of the exhibits why Donald Trump is not releasing these Epstein files and why he's going to try to distract. Oh, I released these other files that everybody cared about. No Donald release the freaking Epstein files. Now, here play this clip. We're Gonna get great ratings in your show. Trump is surrounded by women as music flares in the background.


After a while, Trump goes to greet three new guests. Among them, the financier Jeffrey Epstein. More than a decade before his guilty plea on state prostitution charges. Later in the footage Trump is seen talking to Epstein and another man as women are dancing in front of him. Trump alternates between dancing and pointing out women to Epstein and the other men, and telling Epstein about the cameras, though exactly what they say is difficult to understand as they discuss the women and their appearances, Trump gestures to one and appears to say to Epstein, look at her back there, she's hot.


And then Trump says something else into Epstein's ear that makes him double over with laughter. But as the President says now, he never liked Epstein. I was not a, It's it's absolutely ridiculous that, that people think that Donald Trump is somehow trying to stop Epstein or stop his behavior. It's, it's, it's, it's absurd. Remember when Donald Trump during the campaign went on Fox and he was asked by Fox, oh, and by the way, is one of those hosts, Pete Exit, who's their Secretary of Defense, Donald Trump was asked about releasing the Epstein files. You can literally see the fear and panic during the campaign when Trump was asked about it.


Play this clip. Would you declassify the nine 11 files? Yeah. Would you declassify JFK files? Yeah. Would you? I did. I did a lot of it. Would you declassify the Epstein files? Yeah. Yeah, I would. All right. I guess I would. I think that less so because, you know, you don't know it, you don't wanna affect people's lives if it's phony stuff in there. 'cause it's a lot of phony stuff with that whole world. But I think I would,


You know, what's really getting under my skin these days? The price of everything. I mean, seriously, gas prices are high. Food shopping feels like I'm emptying my bank account with every trip. And don't even get me started on how expensive hearing aids can be. Now, I've looked into them before for my family members and the price tag, it's just insane. It's like they think that we all have money growing from money trees or something in our backyards, but I have some good news. Did you know MD Hearing has actually cut their prices in half despite everything getting more expensive? I'm not kidding. This podcast has sponsored by MD Hearing and they are changing the game when it comes to hearing aids. They make high quality, easy to use, rechargeable hearing aids with exceptional sound quality, all personalized to your hearing profile. And guess what? MD Hearing neo rechargeable digital hearing aids are now only $297 for a pair that's more than 90% less than what you'd pay at a clinic. What's even better? The neo fits right inside your ear, so it's practically invisible. And if that's not enough, MD Hearing just launched the Neo Xs their smallest hearing aid yet now, my uncle has been using MD Hearing for a while, and let me tell you, he could hear so much better. The quality is just a game changer for him, and he absolutely loves them at just $297 for a pair. You're getting something that's as good as those other brand names, but way more affordable. And here's what other people are saying too. Edward s called MD Hearing the best hearing aid that I've used at any price. And Robert p from Texas said, these are the best hearing aids that you can buy. MD Hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many people needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. So he made it his mission to create affordable high quality hearing aids. They've sold over 2 million devices and they offer a 45 day risk free trial with a 100% money backed guarantee. So you can buy with total confidence. Still not convinced MD Hearing was just selected to be hearing aid supplier for top Medicare advantage plans. So you know, they're a brand that you can trust, get the high quality affordable hearing aids you deserve with MD Hearing. Go to shop MD Hearing dot com and use promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus, you'll get a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast. That's shop MD Hearing dot com and use our promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


And again, let me just show you the other receipts right here. I mean, I, I have Donald Trump's, I have the, the, the flight log from Epstein, Trump's name is on it seven times. We have Epstein's call log Trump's on that deposition. Transcripts Trump's on that. Trump's direct quote was Epstein. I've known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy. This was a quote in 2002. He's a lot of fun to be with. Has even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do. Many of them on the younger side. Donald Trump held these beauty pageants like the look of the year competition in 1991, where he had like little girls like model and bathing suits in front of him. And then the girls went on this, this boat, this yacht, and Trump was on the yacht.


And there were men old enough to be these like 13, 14-year-old girls grandparents. And like, they'd have the girls grind on the grandparent. I mean like d disgusting stuff. And there's like videos and photos of this thing. I mean, how about this? Let me give you this data point. This is Donald Trump from about 18 months ago or so. He was speaking at the young Republican Club in New York. Young Republican, so Republican teenagers, high school students, college students. What Donald Trump said was that he, he was told by a general, the most courageous thing he ever did was when he called sexually assaulting women, grabbing women by their genitals.


When he called the locker room talk, this is Trump's advice to kids that this was the most courageous thing he did play this clip. But I went onto that stage just a few days later and a general who's a fantastic general actually said to me, sir, I've been on the battlefield. Men have gone down on my left. And on my right I stood on hills where soldiers were killed. But I believe the bravest thing I've ever seen was the night you went onto that stage with Hillary Clinton after what happened. And then that woman asked you the first question about it and I said, locker room talk. It's locker room talk. What the hell?


Whatcha talking locker room talk? That was not a great, You know, and then there's the clip of Donald Trump saying that he would inspect the girls at the beauty pageant or women at the beauty pageant. You play this clip, What you could also say is the owner of the pageant. It's your obligation to do that. So, so you have done that now tell me what Well, I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show. Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else. And you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspect, inspecting. I wanna make sure that everything is good. You're like, doctor, you're there. Yeah. The dress is everyone okay. You know, they standing there with no, is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women.


And so I sort of get away with things like that. And this is what Donald Trump said about Lindsay Lohan. I think she was 18 years older, just turned 18 years old at this time. Play this clip. What do you think of Lindsay Lohan now? I think she's hot. There's something there, right? Yes. Do you But you have to like freckles. I've seen a, you know, a closeup of her chest. Yes. And a lot of freckles. Are you into freckles If the father's a wreck, like the way he is, right? You imagine the sex with his troubled Yeah, you're probably right. She's probably deeply troubled and therefore great in bed back in the day when, how come the deeply troubled women? Yes. You know, deeply, deeply troubled. Right? They're always the best in bed. If for some reason what I said is true. I mean, they, they're just unbelievable.


I could tell from the you don't wanna be with 'em for the long term, but for the short term, there's not, You know, not to mention that Epstein would recruit victims from Mar-a-Lago like Virginia Giuffre when she was a minor. Ghislaine Maxwell was at Mar-a-Lago, Virginia Giuffre was one of the victims of Epstein. She was homeless, she was working at Mar-a-Lago as a job after being homeless. Apparently her dad helped her get her job. Her family member helped her get this job while being on the streets and homeless. Ghislaine Maxwell found her working in Mar-a-Lago, brought her to Epstein, Epstein trafficked her, you know? And so there, there, there's all these data points.


Epstein was on Trump's jet with a girl. Could have been 15, could have been 20 according to one of the witnesses. It's not clear. So re-released the files. Donald released the freaking Epstein files already. You know, I know corporate news doesn't want to talk about it. I mean, I'm glad whoever asked that question. Remember Anna Pauline, a Luna, the Magar republican congresswoman who created a whole subcommittee on this topic. This is what you said back on February 27th, 2025. I nor the task force were given or review the Epstein documents being released today. And New York Post story just revealed that the documents will simply be Epstein's phone book. This is not what we or the American people ask for in a complete disappointment. Give us the information that we ask for.


Give us the information. It's that simple. What, what, where, where are you talking about it now? Anna Pauline Luna. You tell me. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.