
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel any anytime terms apply.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Donald Trump has just abruptly canceled the press conference that was supposed to take place with President Zelinsky after that Oval Office debacle and even more, Donald Trump has canceled all peace talks with Ukraine. Donald Trump says he will be abandoning the peace talks after Donald Trump's meltdown in the Oval Office. We reported earlier today about the horrific behavior by Donald Trump and JD Vance, where they were attacking President Zelensky in the Oval Office, like kind of petulant third grade schoolyard bullies. It was so odd to watch as they laundered Russian propaganda and talking points to attack Zelensky who was standing his ground in the Oval Office, and it was all there for the world press to see.


As I said in the previous video I made, it is a date that will live in infamy forever. A site will never be able to unsee in American history. One of the most shameful moments, if not the most shameful moment perhaps in American history. Certainly in recent American history, you saw the moments of what went down in the Oval Office. By the way, here's Marco Rubio. While this was all taking place and here was the ambassador from Ukraine, the Ukrainian ambassador had her head in her hand by this point as well. Here's the statement from Donald Trump. Moments ago, quote. We had a very meaningful meeting in the White House today.


Much was learned that can never be understood without conversation under such fire and pressure. It's amazing what comes out through emotion, and I have determined that President Zelinsky is not ready for peace if America is involved because he feels our involvement gives him a big advantage in negotiations. I don't want advantage, I want peace. He disrespected the United States of America in its cherished oval office. He can come back when he is ready for peace. Let me say something because I know corporate media is not going to say this. Donald Trump, you shamed the United States in the Oval Office today.


It is a shameful day right now in the United States of America. For what you and JD Vanston, your behavior. Behavior was traitorous, and in my opinion, it was treasonous laundering, those talking points of our sworn enemy, Vladimir Putin into the White House. Let me be very clear and let me not mince words on the Midas Touch Network. Oh, and by the way, wasn't it you who said that you would be able to bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours because you were such a good negotiator. You're the worst negotiator ever. You are emotional, you are disrespectful. You have no command of the issues.


You set timelines that can't be met, and you break them consistently. You've shown that you're not an honest arbiter or mediator of anything but that you were just Putin's freaking puppet. By the way, let me show some receipts where you said that you would've resolved this war in 24 hours or even before that here play this clip could end The war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I do. How would you do that? I know Zelensky very well. I I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. I will get the war ended. I'll stop all of those lives from being wasted and lost and there'll be no more bombing of Ukraine.


There'll be no more bombing of Russia and everybody will be happy. It can be negotiated, I think within 24 hours. It really has to be done from the office of the President and you have to get 'em both in a room and there are things you can say to each one of them, which I won't reveal now, which will guarantee that this war will end immediately Can on that to get itself. I can do it in 24 hours. I know both players and I can do that in 24 hours, but you can only do it from the office of the President. You need that. You need that seat. Yeah, you need what's tailed in that seat, and I would have that done in 24 hours.


It wouldn't even be tough. I know what to say to each of them and there's no way they would reject it. Do this. I will end that war in one day. It'll take 24 hours. I would have a deal done in 24 hours from the time we started and I would tell Zelinsky something and I would tell Putin something and I'd get him into a room and I'd tell him again and again. I would have a deal done very quickly. Now, here is where I think Fox learned that the, you know, or, or, or I think it was learned maybe on CNN or Fox that the inter, that the press conference was going to be canceled. Here's where they learned that the, yeah, I think it's the CNN. The press conference was canceled. Let's play it, And we just confirmed, actually, Nick, we just confirmed from the White House.


A producer just got in our ear. The press conference between President Zelensky and President Trump has officially been canceled again. That press conference was set, set to take place about 20 minutes ago. We watched what happened in the Oval Office and everything sort of flew off the rails from there, and here Was Zelinsky leaving the White House. Let's play it. Hang On with a song, but If you look to your left, you're gonna see him. Let's watch President Neil off Crazy. President Zelinski, tell us what Happened. Let's be real.


Doing laundry kind of sucks, but you know it doesn't smelling amazing. That's why I'm obsessed with Laundry Sauce. The world's best smelling laundry pods. No more clothes that smell stale and gross. Now I step out in Australian sandalwood. Let me tell you, people notice compliments on my laundry. Never thought that would happen, and it's not just about the scent. These pods are four times concentrated with serious cleaning power. They tackle stains or vibe fabrics and leave everything smelling like a high-end cologne. Oh, and if you're into fresh, clean vibes, their new Oregon mint scent is a game changer. I literally just started a load of wash right before I recorded this with that one. It's so convenient and such high quality. What else can you ask for? Well, actually, how about this? If you put your new luxury laundry obsession on autopilot, you save an extra 15 to 20% off every order when you subscribe, and you could start right now with your first one because right now you get 20% off your entire order at Laundry Sauce dot com with code Midas 20. That's Laundry Sauce dot com. Code Midas 20 M-E-I-D-A-S two zero. And after you order, tell them we sent you smell good, look good, feel good with Laundry Sauce.


Now, the White House is trying to frame this as some massive victory. They want to act like this was some grand gesture of patriotism. They're posting the American flag on the official White House account America first with the American flag. Do not use our flag to spread hateful Russian propaganda. You despicable people in the White House, Marjorie Taylor Greene, always with the American flag. What pathetic individuals? These people are Caroline Levitt, the White House Propagandist who calls herself a press secretary goes, president Trump and Vice President Vance are standing up for the American people.


No, you're standing up for Vladimir Putin is who you're standing up for. IA Poco from the Kyiv Independent rights. This will go down in history as one of the most unnecessarily shameful moments in the history of the White House. War always forces people to reveal their true nature. It has always been this way and it always will be at every level from the ordinary citizen to the powerful figures in high offices today. We once again witnessed exactly how that works. Brian Caram, who's covered presidential politics as a White House press correspondent for over 40 years said this was the most juvenile display by a president and vice president I have ever seen other presidents treated their enemies with more respect.


This is a low point and dark day for the us. Julia Davis, great reporter who covers all things Russia. She runs Russian monitor. She writes, Trump already made it obvious he has no intention of supporting Ukraine with additional aid while blatantly siding with Russia an offering unwarranted concessions in advance. I'm glad Zelinsky spoke out and didn't take Trump's and vance's abuse. There was nothing left to lose. Democratic Congress member Eric Swalwell writes absolute admiration for President Zelinsky. The guy has balls. He went into the Oval Office and stood up to Russia's best negotiators.


I couldn't agree more. Ben Rhodes writes, these are not political news cycle issues. Trump is transforming what the United States is as a country in the world into a far right authoritarian, transactional, valueless oligarchy aligned with the world's autocracies. Back to Ilia Poco here. Who goes, Panco goes, and so dear Europe, we are on our own way too much time and opportunities have been wasted on false solutions and self deceit, but we have to deal with what we have. There's always a way to go for those who don't give up and never accept surrender and death as an option. Ukraine has been more than a vivid illustration of the fact that we can do it.


The heart of the free world gets back to the eastern side of the Atlantic and we'll pull through this together as America. Unfortunately, abandons reason for madness. Just to remind you, let me share with you what went down in the Oval Office. I did a whole longer video on this. This video is of course the follow up that because of what went down Donald Trump's emotional, reckless, malicious behavior. Donald Trump called off the press conference that was supposed to take place and canceled all peace talks 'cause he's a little petulant child who should be nowhere near positions of power yet alone in that Oval office.


But here's what went down in the Oval Office. Let's play it. Tell Us what we're gonna feel. We're trying to solve a problem. Don't tell us what we're gonna feel. I'm not telling you I'm not because you're in no position to dictate that. Remember this honor, you're in no position to dictate what we are gonna feel. We're gonna feel very good. You'll feel influenced. We're gonna feel very good and very strong. You'll feel influenced. You're right now not in a very good position. You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position, and it happens to be right about from the very beginning of the war. You're not in a good position. I was You don't have the cards right now with us. You start having cards. I'm playing cards right now. You don't. You're playing cards serious, Mr. You're playing serious. You're gambling with the lives of millions of people.


You think you're gambling with World War ii. You're gambling with world wari and what you're doing is very dis disrespectful to the country. This country that back Yout said far more than a lot of people said they should have. Have you said thank you once? This entire meeting times? No. In this entire meeting, you said thank you. Even today you went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October. Offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America and the President who's trying to save your country. Please. You're saying that If you will speak very loudly about the war, you can. He's not speaking loudly, he's not speaking loudly.


Your country is in big trouble. Can I wait a minute? No, no. You've done a lot of talking. Your country is in big trouble. I know you're not winning. I know you're not winning. This. I You have a damn good chance of coming out. Okay. Because of us, Mr. President, we're staying in our country staying strong from the very beginning of the war. We've been alone and we are thankful. I said, thanks. You haven't been alone in this cabinet. We gave you this stupid president, $350 billion you it for your, we gave military equipment. You and you met brave, but they had to use our military. If you didn't have our military equipment you invited, If you didn't have our military equipment, this war would've been over in two weeks in three days.


I heard it from Putin in three days. This is something maybe less in two weeks. Of course he has. It's gonna be a very hard thing to do business like this. I tell you, say thank you. I said a lot of to American people except that there are Disagreements and let's go litigate those disagreements rather than trying to fight it out in the American media. When you're wrong, we know that you're wrong, But then you now have at the Oval Office as Donald Trump has banned a lot of the press from being there, but you have his right wing propagandist minions like Brian Glen, who is an individual who is with Marjorie Taylor Green is in a relationship with her after she, I, I dunno if they were with each other when she was with her husband, but Marjorie Taylor, Greene's boyfriend Brian Glenn asked this question.


Let's play it. Second question. My second question for President Linsky, no. Do you ever, why don't you wear a suit the highest? Why don't you wear a suit? You're at the highest level in this country's office and you refuse to wear a suit. Just wanna see If you do you own a suit? Yeah. You have problems. I, I, A lot of Americans have problems with you not respecting. I don't have size. I will wear costume after this war will finish. Okay? Yes. Maybe one. Maybe something like this. Maybe something like yours. Yes. That'd be great. Maybe some, something better. I don't, I don't know. We'll see. Maybe something cheaper than, yeah. Thank. Thank you. Thank So, there you have it, folks.


And let me send this message to the world as an American. There are more Americans right now who disapprove of Donald Trump than approve of that behavior. On behalf of our country to the international community that watches this network, we are deeply sorry. This is horrible. And we are kind of stuck in this horrible authoritarian regime led by Donald Trump, Elon Musk, and JD Vance. I am confident that we will get out of this. I am confident that we will prevail to the Americans who watch this. It is time, as I've said before, that we rise up and make our voices heard peacefully, of course.


But this is a time where we stand up to this utter nonsense as this evil malicious regime continues to poke and prod and take away the America that we all knew and loved so dearly. A shameful day in American history. Shameful, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com All 100%. USA Union made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.