
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, Guaranteed, Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's S goals with LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Be honest, when's the last time you had a homemade meal? We get it between meetings, workout classes, and the kids after school sports. Who's got time to cook? That's where HelloFresh comes in. No matter how busy you get, HelloFresh has everything you need to get an easy home-cooked meal on the table with flavor packed recipes like Parmesan, herb crusted salmon. You'll be filling your kitchen with the cozy aromas of a homemade meal in no time. So go ahead, try HelloFresh. It's homemade made easy. Learn more@hellofresh.com.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science-backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. From streaming to shopping Prime helps you get more out of your passions. So whether you are a fan of True Crime or prefer a nail biting novel from time to time with services like Prime Video, Amazon Music, and fast Free Delivery Prime makes it easy to get more out of whatever you're into or getting into. Visit amazon.com/prime to learn more.


Donald Trump's first press conference in the Oval Office went off the rails very quickly. This was supposed to be a press conference with leaders in artificial intelligence to have them kiss the ring. It quickly devolved into Donald Trump talking about how rich they are and how he thinks it's okay for him to continue to sell meme coins because the other billionaires with him in the Oval Office there, very rich Donald Trump went on to make a bunch of other attacks on Canada. Let, let's just go through what went down. Again, I'm not going to show any video or audio of Donald Trump. We don't do that here, but I will describe what went down.


We'll show some graphics and we'll take you through this disastrous press conference. So Donald Trump was saying, was asked, look, you've made all of this money on crypto and selling meme coins. Are you gonna stop doing it? And Donald Trump said, no. Why would I, how much did I make To which the reporter then respond, you've made several billion dollars selling these meme coins already in, in the event leading up to the inauguration. And then Donald Trump looked at the other oligarch billionaires in the Oval Office and said, that's peanuts for these guys, pointing at the tech billionaires. Then Donald Trump was asked, well, you didn't bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours like you promised.


What are you going to do? To which Trump said, I've asked President Xi Jingping to get it settled. Huh? Donald Trump saying that he's now delegating the deal to bring peace to Ukraine, to Xi Jinping in China. That's as weak and pathetic as you get. And I guess that's how Donald Trump and MAGA is tough on China. Donald Trump then talks about the spending bill that he wants the House of Representatives to pass. And he said before it was gonna be difficult, but now we're going to use Los Angeles as a bargaining tool.


We will deprive. This is what he says, we're gonna deprive Los Angeles of aid unless Democrats agree to everything we want in the spending bill so we can get rid of the dead ceiling and we can push through all of our priorities for the billionaires than the oligarch. So when Trump was asked about the spending bill, he goes, it has now been made much easier, much simpler by Los Angeles because they are going to need a lot of money, and you'll find a lot of Democrats are going to be asking for help. So I think maybe that makes it more one sided. Now, if that isn't treasonous, traitorous pathetic, I don't know what is because, well, I guess I'll tell you what is perhaps allowing American foreign policy to be led by Xi Jinping.


So I digress. I I want to correct myself right there, but here Donald Trump saying again, this is unprecedented in American history. We always would say, okay, natural disasters, catastrophe relief, disaster relief. That's not a political wedge issue. Well, Donald Trump's just saying it out loud. Donald Trump was then asked about Taring Canada or Annex in Canada and Mexico, and Donald Trump responds regarding the tariffs. Trump responds I, I'm gonna tariff both of them. He says, both Canada and Mexico are very dangerous. He positions them as enemies of the United States.


He goes Canada, very much so. They have allowed millions and millions of people to come into our country. They referring to Canada, they've killed 300,000 people last year. My opinion have been destroyed by drugs, by Fentanyl. And Donald Trump will say, I didn't mean Canada, I meant Fentanyl. He's saying they though, as though Canada is shipping fentanyl to kill Americans, which is absolutely false. You wanna know where most fentanyl comes from? It comes from China. By the way, Canadian citizens and Mexican citizens, by and large, are not consumers of synthetic drugs.


99% are Americans. And in terms of also who's bringing synthetic drugs into America, it is mostly Americans as well. When you hear Donald Trump say things like this, it is very reminiscent of when Vladimir Putin talked about the pretext for invading. Ukraine is deification where President Zelensky of Ukraine is Jewish. And you're like, that's just the craziest thing. Putin's saying deification, and he's saying that the Ukrainians are Nazis, and it sounded like a, like a crazy thing. Well, Donald Trump's basically doing the same thing and saying that Canada is killing Americans by intentionally sending Fentanyl here.


Again, that is false. Donald Trump is then asked, do you have TikTok on your phone? Donald Trump says, no, but I think I might put it there to be clear, TikTok is currently not available in the Google Play or App store, and that's because of the ban that Donald Trump started. And by the way, Donald Trump shortened the deal period from 90 days to 75 days. The extension within which time TikTok will be shut down. And then also Donald Trump talked about the United States government, like the actual government buying TikTok or owning 50% of TikTok or TikTok, turning over 50% of the United States government.


And again, for all of the MAGA Republicans out there who talk about socialism or, you know, all this needs to be done in private by private business, I what in the world is he even talking about? But then Donald Trump was also asked, would you want Elon in the same press conference? Do you think it would be great or okay if Elon Musk bought TikTok and Donald Trump said, I'd be okay if Elon Musk bought TikTok.


This episode of The Minus Touch Podcast is brought to you by Graza. Everyone knows I love food and what's been taking my meals to the next level lately is Graza. It's my olive oil of choice because it's top-notch, extra virgin olive oil at an affordable everyday price. Graza is super fresh, never blended and made from one kind of olive, the Piqua olive from Haan, Spain, where over half the world's olive oil is produced. Graza has two incredible olive oils, both in a convenient squeeze bottle for ridiculously easy cooking. And finishing sizzle is their everyday cooking oil with a smoke point of 410 degrees Fahrenheit, perfect for baking, sauteing, or really anything you cook. Then there's drizzle, a punchy, vibrant finishing oil. Use it for salads, dipping bread, or even drizzling over ice cream. It's seriously the best olive oil you'll ever taste. I'm a big home cook, and Graza has become essential in my kitchen. I love how sizzles clean, rich flavor elevates my cooking while drizzles bright grassy notes and a final touch of flavor that makes my dishes shine. And the squeeze bottles total cane changers, no mess, no stress, just amazing olive oil, right where you need it. Seriously, like a no other olive oil on the planet. And I was using Graza even before they came on as a sponsor, so I was thrilled to welcome them to the show. Here's the deal. You could get 10% off your first order of any olive oil on their site, but I highly recommend the Graza Starter kit. It comes with two squeeze bottles sizzle for cooking and drizzle for finishing plus two refill cans so you could keep your bottles full without buying new ones. You could also find Graza at Whole Foods or Target, but don't miss this online offer. So head to Graza dot co and use code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to get 10% off your Graza starter kit and get to cooking your next chef quality meal.


Then Donald Trump is asked about HB one visas, and so he's asked about these visas, H one B visas rather, and Donald Trump is asked, well, what's your perspective on H one B? Because you previously said you were going to phase H one B out, and you said you were gonna give all of these STEM related job science, technology, engineering, and mathematic jobs to Americans. That's what your position was. But now, Elon Musk and Vivek Ramas Swami, and by the way, Vivek's no longer part of dos, he overstay his welcome sources close to Elon Musk and dos that he lasted negative Scaramucci. But what Musk and Vivek Ramez Swami said was that Americans are just dumber than people from India, and that's why we need H one B visas because Americans can't handle these jobs.


Americans can handle stem jobs, and by the way, wasn't that Donald Trump's promise? All these jobs we're gonna get Americans, but now Donald Trump says, oh, I know the H one B program very well. I use the program Maer D'S wine experts, even waiters, high quality waiters. You got to get the best people and you get them from H one B. As we wrote on the Midas touch account, that's not what H one B visas are. They're not for waiters. That's a different type of visas. Either way, Maga Trump thinks that immigrants should take your jobs, waiters, what's he even talking about right there? Then Donald Trump is asked about pardoning, all of the January 6th insurrectionist and commuting the sentences of some of the most violent ones, meaning they're all getting released, including the oath keepers and the proud boys, people who tried to kill police officers.


People convicted of seditious conspiracy with terroristic enhancements, the worst of the worst, violent, despicable people. Trump sa. He goes, well, look, JD Vance, your vice president, had been previously saying that if you committed violence on January 6th, you should not be pardoned. So was your VP wrong? And Donald Trump said, yeah, he was wrong, and here's why. He said the January 6th insurrectionist, who he calls hostages, he said, they serve their time. They've been treated unfairly, unbelievably unwell, and that's why they need to be released right now. Donald Trump then spreads lies about the Los Angeles fires again, just so vile to play with our lives here in Los Angeles.


He goes, people living in Beverly Hills, a lot of them are wiped out. Let me just fact check that. The fires didn't reach Beverly Hills. They wiped out the Palisades, they wiped out Altadena. You had the Palisades fire. You had the Eaton fire, which wiped out Altadena, not Beverly Hills. That was not impacted. And then Donald Trump lies and says, Beverly Hills is wiped out. They wanted to restrict you to 38 gallons a day. That's just false. Donald Trump then does further lies or makes further lies on the LA fires. He goes, they're sprinklers in there like these. None of them had water in them. The sprinklers on the lawns weren't allowed to be used.


That's false. And then he says that millions of gallons of water are weakened a day. Even pour into California, goes all through California down to Los Angeles, and they turned it off. The valve turns towards the Pacific Ocean. Again, that is false. Donald Trump's asked about, I don't know, giving political positions to Oath Keepers and Proud Boys and other Insurrectionists. He goes, we'll have to see about that again, when asked about why he pardoned these violent people, he goes, lots of murderers have not been charged by Joe Biden. And he pardoned them, which is just 100% false right there.


And then you can just see the oligarchs there, Sam Altman and others kind of just kissing Donald Trump's ass, Larry Ellison and others. I mean, just so utterly pathetic. And again, we don't show the video clips our or the audio if you want to go and see him, I hope I've developed enough, enough trust where you know I'm saying what's in those videos. Again, I don't wanna hear his annoying voice or see the videos. That's just the editorial decision I've made. If others wanna show it, you can watch it elsewhere. But our producer, Ason, he posts it on Blue Sky and X and our other social media platforms. If you want to see it, I just don't do it on my YouTube videos.


Well hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 500,000 followers.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.