
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detectors, spots, threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


We are hearing from a lot of Trump supporters who are now having their lives destroyed by Trump's policies. Many actually even worked for the federal government and they said they were trying to help the government become more efficient, but Donald Trump fired them and made everything less efficient. I want to give a hat tip to NBC 10 Philadelphia support your local news. Here's a former IRS worker who supported Donald Trump speaking out to NBC 10 Philadelphia after being fired by Donald Trump, while working at the IRS. I want you to watch this. Do You make of the Trump administration's actions?


I I thought that he was, I I I did support him. I I was a Trump supporter. You know, when he talks about government waste and all that, yes, I'm, I'm behind it. I, I believe there is a lot of stuff in the government that, that needs fixing and, and that's part of the reason why I actually wanted to work for the government actually to, to help change, help change the things that are wrong in the world, you know, and it, I thought that, I thought that someone with like his business acumen would have come in with a fine tooth comb and actually found it instead of coming in with a wrecking ball and, and destroying people's lives for no reason Right now, this individual, you heard him say that he thought that because Donald Trump's a good businessman, that Donald Trump would go in there with a scalpel and not a chainsaw and fix things.


Donald Trump was never a good businessman. We tried to tell you that here, over and over again on the Midas Touch Network, he bankrupted his casinos, he bankrupted most of the companies. He touched and owned bankruptcy after bankruptcy, and then companies that he lent his name to did horrible and many of them went out of business. Now, just look at his most recent company. Just take the most recent company, Trump Media, which lost $400 million last year and only earned $3.6 million in revenue. So in terms of that guy in Philadelphia, you know, a Philly cheese steak restaurant probably does more revenue than Trump Media in a year.


I'd be willing to take a bet on that. And Trump lost $400 million last year. And by the way, when you go through Donald Trump's financials, you take a look at it. This is what he filed. This isn't me saying this, this is what Trump filed. There's a section because when you're a public company, you have to list all of your bankruptcies and you have to list all of your businesses that went out of business and failed. It's a requirement If you have a publicly traded company. So here it is, February 14th, 2025. Just take a read at this. I'll, I'll show you the screenshot. I'm not gonna go through the whole thing now, but it lists Trump Plaza, Trump Hotels and casinos, TMTG, chapter 11.


Chapter 11, chapter 11 bankruptcy. Then it lists all of his businesses that failed right here. This is his filing. Trump shuttles, Trump vodka, Trump mortgages, Trump University, Trump Stakes, just go through it. He failed in everything. All right, back to this guy right here. Here's the Trump supporter, now former IRS worker here. He talks about how he got fired and what went down here. Play this clip. Tell me What, what happened today. So, I mean, I went in at my normal time when I arrived there, you know, everybody was in a very downtrodden mood, and when I went to my computer, you know, everybody was having some technical issues, like none of our computers were really loading up either the programs that we needed to, to operate or like teams.


My, my story is the teams, you know, that's kind of how I figured out that, that we were getting fired today was when I went in, I logged into teams and I sent you the photo of, of what I saw when I went to log in, and that's when I left my cubicle and I went around to everybody else I work with and I'm like, Hey, what's, what's your teams look like? Some were having trouble, some were able to log in. It was very, very chaotic. I mean, there was no organization to it at all. And basically we just sat around for the rest of the day. I mean, talk about government efficiency.


We literally sat there and did nothing all day long while we waited for our fate. So again, we, we got our, we got our email saying that we were fired after sitting around all day knowing we were fired, and then we turned in our equipment about an hour or so later, and then we were escorted out of the building.


You ever check your bank statement and realized you've been paying for something you don't even use? Yeah, that was me. Sign up for a free trial, forgot about it, and boom, I was getting charged. Every month. Turns out 85% of people have at least one subscription they're not using. That's where Rocket Money comes in. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. And lemme tell you, Rocket Money found a few sneaky charges. I had no idea still active and canceled them for me. No customer service calls, no hassle. It's all right there in one easy to use dashboard that shows your spending habits, subscriptions, and even alerts you if a bill goes up. You could even set savings goals, whether it's paying off debt, saving for a big purchase, or just building a cushion. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and a saved people a total of $500 million by canceling unnecessary subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all the premium features. So take control of your finances, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch. Okay, one more time. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash M-E-I-D-A-S-T-O-U-C-H and cancel your unwanted subscriptions today.


You Know it's interesting how you know these spineless Republicans also, like when they try to stand up to Trump, they then like get like threatened and then they like go back on what they say. Like this guy right here, Republican congressman, Troy Balderson, who reps an R plus 18 district in Ohio, so plus 18 Republican, he says that Trump's executive orders are getting out of control. Congress has to be the one to decide whether or not some of these agencies and departments get abolished, like the Department of Education, not the president, not Elon Musk. Congress must decide. Then obviously somebody got to his ear after the Columbus dispatch, again, support your local journalism.


For this reason, the Columbus dispatch wrote about it, and then Congressman Troy Balderson responded to the Columbus Dispatch, I fully support Trump's agenda to reign in bloated federal government and put America first. Now it's time for Congress to act. It's up to us on Capitol Hill to make permanent his executive actions ensuring continuity and public policy from what administration to the next continuity. He's literally ripping apart America. America hates this right now. Donald Trump's approval is plummeting Democrats, generic Democrats versus generic Republicans in Congress. Democrats are up like plus 12, plus 15 right now if an election were to be held.


Elon Musk's approval is in like the low thirties. When you go to Republican districts, by the way, people at these town halls, Republicans are letting their legislators, their representatives know, what the hell are you doing? You're giving Elon Musk access to our private data. You're letting Elon Musk and these billionaires gain access to our medical files and our tax records and our social security information and have access to the Treasury Department's transaction payment system, and you're fire firing all these veterans and you're like destroying the lives of of veterans. I'm doing a whole other video of disabled veterans who have just had their lives gutted by the Trump administration.


People are pissed. Here's a Trump voter, realizing that Trump is pro-Russia and regretting the decision to vote for Donald Trump. This guy goes supporting Trump was not a popular thing that many of my friends and family members when I told my friends and family members, but I did it. Nevertheless, if Trump really said that Ukraine started the war, I feel deeply ashamed for my naivety. I strongly assume that most dis decent people feel the same way. Yes, he really did say that Ukraine was responsible and he said that he trusts Vladimir Putin and he called Zelensky a dictator this past week. Here's another one from WTOP News.


This FEMA civil servant and disabled veteran voted for Trump. Now he's out of a job. Quote, this American veteran told WTOP care of Steve Inskeep. I voted for Donald Trump, but this is not what I was expecting. We didn't think they were going to take a chainsaw to a silk rug. The man said he was a Trump voter. He was fired by a White House whose officials have assumed and said in TV interviews that federal employees are almost all far left. He was dismissed as part of a widespread purge. Yet the forum email reads, the agency finds based on your performance that you have not demonstrated that your further employment at the agency would be in the public interest.


The government blames his firing on him. WTOP says it reviewed his positive evaluations as a leader. The man and his wife accepted that the US needs to save money, but assumed that as a veteran of long service, he would be safe. They're calling their reps in Congress, so he thought it would happen to other people, not him. By the way, military veterans make up, I mean 25% of the newly hired workforce in the government. As of 2023 veterans make up somewhere between 30 plus percent of people who are in the government. Let me show you this. This is from Georgia's seventh congressional district right here.


This is MAGA Republican representative Rich McCormick comparing his own constituents who asked him tough and fair questions. He calls them January 6th insurrections. These are Republicans in a Republican district saying, why are you giving Mascar stuff here? Play this clip. Tyranny is rising in the White House and a man has declared himself our king. So I would like to know, rather, the people would like to know what you congressmen and your fellow congressmen are going to do to reign in the megalomaniac in the White House.


Thank you. I'm not gonna give you my best foghorn lakehorn in response to that, but what I, so you can go ahead and sit down. Thank you. The, when you talk about tyranny, when you talk about presidential power, I remember having the same discussion with Republicans when Biden was elected. The funny thing is, the funny thing is, the funny thing is you're sitting here in com. A lot of you would probably say those January sixes who are yelling just as loud as you, who are upset just like you.


More stories again, of leopards eating faces supporting Trump was not, oh, here's another one, sorry, another day, another MAGA voter betrayed by the felons. She voted for MAGA federal worker from North Virginia, shocked that the fat felonious leopard ate his face. He's also a disabled veteran. That didn't mean shit whatsoever. I'll say it again, we told you so. Trump voter, disabled military veteran value member at fema fired and Herb. How about this one? I didn't know my daughter-in-law would be targeted. A Missouri woman who voted for Trump now says she is ashamed to be an American after her daughter-in-law. Mexican immigrant who had been in the US for nearly 20 years was deported.


Shirley Stegel told Associated Press that while she supported Trump's campaign promises to deport more criminal immigrants, she did not think her son's wife fell into that category. We told you so. Here's someone else who says, I voted for Trump. I don't like what's happening. My aunt also voted for Trump, but lost her government job. I'm on social security and I am now nervous about that being taken away. I want a better America, but my groceries are still high and people are losing their jobs. I didn't sign up for this and I did not vote for Musk. I feel my freedom is being taken away. I'm not happy. A lot of Americans are not happy. It's why Donald Trump's approval rating is sinking.


It's why people are pissed right now. America is a pressure cooker as a result of what Donald Trump has done and what a con artist and utter fraud he is. I want you to make sure you're subscribed to this network though, because I think in the coming weeks and months especially, I think you're gonna see big, growing, peaceful protests and we'll be with you there every step of the way. So hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers. We appreciate you so much, Midas mighty. We appreciate all that local journalism as well. They did a great job digging up some of those stories, so thanks to them too. Hit subscribe here. We appreciate you Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.