
Donald Trump's audience started immediately leaving the speech that he was giving in Walker, Michigan. And as they were leaving Donald, Trump said this, play the clip. I wanna explain something. The people that you see leaving, 'cause nobody ever leaves and when they do, I finish up quick, believe me. But I couldn't take pictures at the beginning. So I take 'em at the end. Sometimes if I'm late, the plane gets late, you get delayed, lots of things happen. There's a little hurricane going on in Florida as you know. And so what they do is they say, oh please come up now at the end of my speech I said, don't do that 'cause it looks like they're leaving like your husband who owns this place.


And just so you can see the people leaving, while Donald Trump was giving this disastrous speech in Walker, Michigan, let me show you. The people leaving here played this clip. Now Mr. He's a successful guy, he's been to 290 during this horrific speech. Donald Trump complained that people would get overtime pay. He doesn't like the concept of overtime. Play this clip. And boy this is good for you because I know exactly where you'd make your money. I used to have to pay that damn overtime it would cost a fortune.


While Donald Trump is reading from a teleprompter, he says, isn't it great that he doesn't read from a teleprompter or play this clip Guarantee of your own nation? And that's what she's done. She's ruined our nation. She's ruined our nation. And you know, I've always talked about this and I've talked about it strongly, but I'm just realizing as I'm talking right now and not even going off a teleprompter because the teleprompter's not tough enough. I'm saying, and by the way, isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter?


Donald Trump is setting up his next attempt to lead an insurrection by saying the only way he can lose as if Democrats cheat play this clip. If I lose, I'll tell you what it's possible because they cheat. That's the only way we're gonna lose. Because they cheat. They cheat like Al, He then instructs Republican attorney generals to start investigating Nancy Pelosi here play this clip. So I'm not much into this stuff, but Visa crashed because the government went after the government filed a big suit against Visa. Nancy and her husband sold their stock the day before it was announced.


Nancy Pelosi. So why don't we get some ag somewhere like in a Republican territory and why don't we get them to do a little investigation? Sold the Visa stock. Are you listening? They're probably turning off the cameras now. He then says that people are doing good. He hears with Hurricane Helene when there have actually been reports of people dying tragically play this clip Alabama and all of the other states who have been really hit hard by that very large hurricane. That was that big one. A very large hurricane this week where with you all the way and if we were there we'd be helping you and you'll be okay.


Donald Trump then praises President Xi and attacks President Biden play this clip. You know who? Who the hell is president? Is he president? This is not, this is not exactly President Xi. He runs his country a little differently, although they do go after their political opponents pretty violently. I will say that.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode


and it should be known. While all of this is going on, you know, another record breaking day in our stock market, even Fox had to cut away from the Trump speech to report on the records here. Play this clip Periods like this where we've, you know, we have a high component of treasuries and we're also looking at other asset classes as well. Tim, thank you for sharing your thoughts with us. And there it, it goes, the fireworks are cute. It's the 32nd record close for the Dow this year. That's gonna do it for us. Have a wonderful weekend. Culo Next.


Hello folks, welcome to cudlow. I'm Larry Kudlow. Horrible, illegal immigrant crime numbers Cover also, president Biden now has a net positive favorability rating and consumer sentiment right now is reaching significant positive territory. Donald Trump goes on to say that Vice President Kamala Harris should resign here, play this clip And now we have a problem. And you can't have her as your president. She doesn't know what the hell she's doing. She should resign and disgrace for what she's done to our country, not run for president. Then Donald Trump claims the reason that there have been attempted assassinations on him.


Which one was done by a MAGA person, white male from Pennsylvania Republican. The other was a 2016 Trump voter. But Donald Trump says that this was because of his tariff policy. And so that's why there are these attempts here. Play this clip Pat in this state, your car industry will be as big relatively as it was 60 years ago when you were like dominant. It's not dominant anymore. This is why people in countries are all after Trump. This is why, you know, the only one that has shots fired at them.


That throbbing feeling, right? The only one are consequential presidents. When I do these things, I got a lot of enemies out there. I've Got a Donald. Trump then lies and says, vice president Kamala Harris is trying to confiscate your car. If you ever play this clip, If Kamala wins, she will take your cars, take your money, take your gun. She wants to confiscate all guns. You know that. She just changed. One of the things too to reflect upon is in the right wing media today, you know, as I show you these types of clips, let me show you the big one. That right wing media is spreading to attack Vice President Kamala Harris. So you can see this here she is talking to Jessica Alba and, and all of the right wing accounts are saying like, look how bad this is here.


Watch, watch for yourself. Play this clip. First of all, Latina small businesses are the fastest growing in the country. Yes they are. Right? Right. Yes, they're, but included in that is that we don't lack for people who have ambition and have aspirations and dreams and a, and an idea that is it a great idea and work ethic, but not everybody has access to the capital. It's so true. And I believe strongly that our small businesses are the backbone of America's economy. So when we grow and strengthen small businesses, we all benefit. Yeah. So it seems that Donald Trump has just primed his audience for n not liking complete sentences and actual articulations of ideas.


'cause I that look pretty freaking normal to me. If yes, by the way, you wanna know what I'm wearing here? It's my I love Jimena shirt. We're we just got home from the hospital. Want to thank everybody for all of your wishes. We are officially back in action here. So that's what was going on in the Trump speech today. Let me know your thoughts, hit subscribe, and let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks For watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.