
Stop, stop, stop. Had enough kick out, mucus and quiet the cough with Mucinex 12 hour DM for long lasting cough and chest congestion relief by Mucinex. 12 hour DM at your local retailer. Uses directed


Feel your max with Brooks running and the all new Ghost Max too. They're the shoes you deserve. Designed to streamline your stride and help protect your body. Treat yourself to feel good Landings on an ultra high stack of super comfy nitrogen infused cushion that takes the edge off every step, every day. The Brooks Ghost Max too. You know, technically they're a form of self-care. Brooks, let's run there. Head to brooks running.com to learn more.


This episode is brought to you by Financial Times. When. It comes to voicing or acting on our opinions. Why are some people more confident than others. With the financial Times You form your own opinions with conviction. Based on unbiased and trusted reporting. Ft Journalists. tackle global issues with an impartial and rigorous mindset, providing the facts and analysis that you need to make up your own mind. Make up your own mind with Financial Times. Visit ft.com/the journal to read free articles and subscribe.


Another Donald Trump scam gets exposed. So Fox News claimed it was holding a town hall for Donald Trump in Georgia that was gonna be just all women who hadn't made up their minds in the election, who had lots of questions that they wanted to ask Donald Trump at this town hall. Well, it turns out that the town hall was actually hosted by the Republican Party in Georgia. That's right. The Georgia Federation of Republican Women. Oopsie. They had posted on their Facebook site that they were hosting the event right here in Georgia with Fox News.


And when CNN reached out to the Georgia Federation of Republican Women, guess what they did? They immediately edited the Facebook post so that it now read. Super excited for the opportunity of attending this event right here in Georgia. It previously said, super excited for the opportunity of hosting this event right here in Georgia. You see the photographs of the women from this Georgia Federation of Republican women there, a kind of far right MAGA Trump supporting group. And they presented this as, oh, they were just having, you know, just all different types of women from Georgia asking questions.


Now, the president of this group, well actually the president of another Republican group was there, the Fulton County Republican woman. This was all filled with professional operatives just to give Donald Trump the appearance of having support of women who are fleeing the Republican party or the new Republican Party, the MAGA party, I should say in droves. Lisa Cauley. Take a look right there. You can look at the Fulton County Republican Woman website. 'cause where did that look familiar? I thought I saw her before. Oh, there she is. She was the first lady to ask Donald Trump a question. As Matthew Gertz writes the first question at the Fox Town Hall, we should just call it a So-called Town Hall, went to a Lisa who looks a lot like Lisa Cauley, president of the Fulton County Republican Woman.


Even the necklace matches wearing the same necklace and the photo for her professional Republican party operative photo. Do you also notice if you zoom in on Lisa Cauley asking the first question, there is another woman right there who's looking at Lisa Cauley. She is wearing an RNC NC Delegate cap. They're not even good at covering up their scams. So Fox tried to present this as a room full of independence or just a, a broad cross section of all women from Georgia, but they actually all work for the Republican Party in Georgia and Donald Trump. And they're either being paid to be there, or this is just part of their organization's missions to try To, get Donald Trump elected.


You know, CNN did a great report as well, 'cause they actually got the audio from inside this. So-called Town Hall, we shouldn't even call it a town hall. And Fox manipulated, they made lots of edits and they manipulated a lot of the footage because a lot of the women, when they were asking questions, they would say things like, Hey, I'm a Trump voter. I'm gonna vote for you. Here's my question. Fox would edit that out when the woman would say that. That's why Fox did this town hall a day or two before so they could edit it all. And don't you read all of the stuff that like Donald Trump accuses, what 60 Minutes of, and everybody else, while Donald Trump's too afraid to do interviews with anyone other than Fox for reasons like this, they fill the audience with his own supporters.


This is precisely the conduct that Donald Trump is engaged in. Like, just think about the past week alone, the scams that we've had to call out here on the Midas Touch Network. Should we just go through some of 'em very briefly. So now, in addition to this scam right here of Donald Trump filling this fake town hall with his own supporters with the, with Fox Aiding and Abetting, when Donald Trump was in Michigan and JD Vance was in Michigan. What'd they do? Well, Donald Trump spoke at a non-union shop. He paid the non-Union shop $20,000 to decorate their store to pretend it was a union shop.


He then printed out shirts that said union workers for Donald Trump. And then he pretended to speak in front of union workers who were scabs, non-union workers who were dressing up in union workers for Trump shirts. And then he paid the non-Union shop $20,000 to use their venue to fake being a union shop. Okay. And how do we know that? Because we actually have the FEC filings and lots of great local reporters looked at the shop and said, that's they're not union. They, they, they don't have any unions there. So that was that. Then JD Vance spoke this past week and you see the people behind him, auto workers for Trump. Guess what?


They ain't auto workers for Trump. They ain't auto workers. They're just people wearing T-shirts that say auto workers for Trump. And that was called out by our friends at the Detroit News. Then you had an event that Donald Trump did in Scranton, Pennsylvania, where he had people dressed up as firefighters who were not firefighters. So people actually in firefighter gear, which frankly is illegal to pretend to be a public servant or pretend to be a first responder as a violation of the law. Lemme be very clear with that. And then other people were wearing shirts that said firefighters for Trump.


And as the Times Tribune and Scranton pointed out, the Scranton firefighters were not holding pro-Trump signs because they were not actually firefighters. Neither the International Association of Firefighters Union nor Scranton Firefighters, IAFF. Both unions don't know who these people are. They're not firefighters, they're not part of the union. They, they, they, they're, they're strangers to Scranton. No one even knows who these people are. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, union workers for Trump weren't unions. Auto workers for Trump weren't auto workers. Firefighters for Trump weren't firefighters.


People at the Harlem Bo the Harlem Bodega event weren't from Harlem. You know, the Midas touch and local media were breaking all of these stories. Remember, Trump did the bodega event, but it was filled with all of the young Republicans, the young Republican Club of New York, and they were there like dressed up, like they're from that neighborhood and they were the ones cheering. How'd we find it? Because we go on their social media and we find the photos of themselves, and then we see that they're the ones actually in the audience there. So you can compare 'em also, like when Donald Trump goes and he goes to the Chick-fil-A and he gets hugged by like a black lady and then they go, look, Donald Trump has support by black women.


It's the same lady that they send to Michaela Montgomery is her name that goes from event to event and gives him a hug so he can report, look, I have black support. Look at my black support right here. And that's exactly what he does. So over and over again there are these scams, we call it, oh, the black church scam, where they rented out a black church that was embroiled in all this litigation where the congregation is like at war with the pastor and wants to try to, you know, and claims that the pastor was like squatting in the black church. And then Trump rented out the church, filled it with white MAGA supporters and claimed he was speaking in front of a black church.


I could go on and on and on and list all these camps. All right, let, let me just show you though, at this audience of his own supporters at this Fox Fake Town Hall event. Let's go and take a look at what Donald Trump said here. Donald Trump says that he is the father of IVF play this clip And IVF you had mentioned before IVF, right? Let's get this question. Yeah, because I believe that's what this is about. Oh, I want talk about IVF. I'm the father. You don't hear that everybody. Father, I'm the father of IVF, so I want to hear this question. Yeah.


So you all probably know by now, my wife and I had a beautiful baby girl. Her name is Jimena. And for all the parents out there, I wanna let you know the secret that has allowed Jimena to have the best night's sleep and frankly has given me the peace of mind. It's called, have you heard of the Sno? It's founded by world renowned pediatrician, Dr. Harvey Karp. I'm sure you probably have his book for all the new parents out there, happiest Babies, the company, they've created some incredible smart products that take some of the exhaustion out of parenting. I can vouch for that. So let's start with SNOO Smart Sleeper. It's a robotic bassinet that uses a kind of womb like rocking and white noise to soothe babies to sleep, helping them get an extra one to two hours of rest each night. When babies fuss, the Sno responds automatically with more extra soothing to quickly calm crying. That means you get to stay asleep. What makes snoo in even more of a league of its own is that it's the only bassinet that's FDA De Novo authorized to keep sleeping babies safely on their backs. It's used in over 175 hospitals. SNU is available to buy brand new certified pre-owned or even rent for the cost of a coffee a day. But that's not all. There's also happiest babies. Sleepiest Swaddle rated number one by the New York Times wire cutter baby list parents, good Housekeeping and many more. Swaddling is an awesome parenting hack to help babies sleep longer and better and sleepy as five second. Design makes it fast and easy to swaddle babies, snugly and securely every time, even if it's 2:00 AM and you're half asleep. And finally, there's s Snoopy and all in one portable white noise machine and color changing nightlight. Its calming sounds are perfect for helping your baby drift off to sleep at home or on the go. It also works as a sleep trainer to help toddlers and little kids learn when it's time to sleep. And when it's okay To, get outta bed ready for safer, better sleep. Head over to happiest baby.com/midas and use the code Midas To. get 20% off these and other smart sleep solutions today. Shop Happiest baby because every family deserves better sleep. That's happiest baby.com/midas m I DS happiest baby.com/midas.


And then Donald Trump says that Katie Britt had to explain to him what IVF even was so that he can decide what his views on it were. Play this clip. I got a call from Katie Britt, a young, just a fantastically attractive person from Alabama. She's a senator and she called me up like emergency emergency because an Alabama judge had ruled that the IVF clinics were illegal and they have to be closed down. A judge ruled. And she said friends of mine came up to me and they were, oh, they were so angry. I didn't even know they were going, you know, she, they were, it's fertilization. I didn't know they were even involved in it. Nobody talks about it. They don't talk about it.


But now that they can't do it, she said, I was attacked in a certain way. I was attacked. And I said, explain IVS very IVF very quickly. And within about two minutes I understood it. I said, no, no, we're totally in favor of IVF. Donald Trump is asked a question about abortion. Here's his response, let's play it. So facing the question of abortion, women are in entitled to do what they want to and need to do with their bodies, right? Including their unborn. That's on them. Regardless of the circumstance. Some are necessary to save their own lives. Why is the government involved in women's basic rights?


Right. Good. I think it's great. And I'm glad you asked that For 52 years, this issue has torn our country apart. Every legal scholar, the great ones, every lawyer, but the Democrats, the Republicans, the liberals and conservatives, they wanted it brought out of the federal government and brought back to the states for vote of the people. And like Ronald Reagan, I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest life of the mother. Strongly believe, you know, you have to follow your heart. Some people don't. It's a very small percentage, but you have to follow your heart. But you have the exceptions. But we, what we were able to do is through really the courage of six Supreme Court justices.


We were able to do this after years and years of turmoil. Now it's back in the States. We have, the states are voting for it. If you Tell, then Donald Trump says that the biggest threat to Americans are the enemy from within. Like he says Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi. And he is previously said on Maria Bar Roma that he would send the American military to go after people who don't support him to lay this clip. President Kamala Harris has said, you sounded unhinged and unchecked power is in our future. What, what, what do you say About that? I, I thought it was a nice presentation. I wasn't, I wasn't unhinged. You know, you know what they are? They're a party of sound bites.


They're some, somebody asked me, can they be brought together? You know, it was very, I never thought really. I wasn't thinking like they could because they are, they're very, very different. And it is the enemy from within and they're very dangerous. They're Marxists and communists and fascists and they're sick. I use a guy like Adam Schiff, 'cause they made up the Russia, Russia, Russia hooks. It took two years to solve the problem. Absolutely nothing was done wrong, et cetera, et cetera. They're dangerous for our country. We have China, we have Russia, we have all these countries. If you have a smart president, they can all be handled. The more difficult are, you know, the Pelosi's, these people, they're so sick and they're so evil.


If they would spend their time trying to make America great again, we would have, it would be so easy to make this country great. But when I heard about that, they, they were saying I was like threatening. I'm not threatening anybody. They're the ones doing their threatening. They do phony investigations. I've been investigated more than Alfon Capone. He was the greatest. Goodness. No, it's true. We've got no particular, it, it's called weaponization of government. It's a terrible thing. Alright. They're the threat to democracy. This is a question. Glad I got that out. I'm glad I got that. On the recent hurricane response. Donald Trump then claims that no other country has judges at the border. And that's why our country is in trouble.


Does he realize that the issue is making asylum determinations? And that's not unique, but play this clip. They, They've never seen anything like this. You know, we have another thing. If you touch a foot, if you put one foot into our country, congratulations. You have a lawsuit. You don't take the person and move the person into, you know, out. You've gotta go through years of litigation. We have lawyers that wait for people to come in. So they it years, you gotta see the court system. We have thousands of judges at the border. No other country has judges at the border. If somebody walks in, they walk 'em out. Our country is in trouble. Then Donald Trump's asked about getting the prices down.


He starts randomly talking about donuts, play this clip. We're Gonna get the prices down. We can't just leave them up there because it's gonna take too long for people to catch up. That's why I did the sources. I mean, we have to like reset. I don dunno how you reset two prices that are four Months. You can get the prices down. So lemme ask you, by the way, energy brings everything down, Does how does it trickle down? Does it work that the energy is also cheaper for the companies? And so that the distribution, how does the pricing actually happened? Because the interest rates have come down and inflation rate has come down. But it's like we are going uphill constantly with these prices, But interest hasn't come down very much and you can't get the money. Look, it really happens if you make donuts, you have the stoves, you have the, this, everything is evolved around energy when Then Donald Trump mocks the family of Amber Thurman, who died after not receiving urgent care needed for an infection under Georgia's abortion law.


Play this clip. Amber Thurman's family have come out on a press call and they're doing what's called a prebuttal to our town hall right now. Oh, That's nice. Yeah. And I want To get, we'll Get better ratings, I promise. Then Donald Trump doesn't even understand what like parole means in the context of immigration. And Donald Trump claims that the people in Springfield, Ohio have been released from prisons and that's why they're there. Play this clip. But the numbers get made up by the people that we can't see in the flights. And all of it has a burden on the economy. So I wanna ask you, and You know the word is probation. They use a word That's one of the programs In order To get the people in.


Legally they call 'em probation. Probation is for prisoners. So they use this in Springfield, Ohio. So you have 32,000 people coming into a 50,000 community. You can't get into the hospitals, you can't get your kids into school. They're taking over the school and they're looking for interpreters. 'cause the people that came in don't speak the language. I mean, other than that, it's a wonderful situation. It's, it's, they're destroying our country. So the parole that he's talking about, that parole program that he's talking about is something that has been pretty opaque. And I, I think now there's a press to find out exactly how many people are coming in through. We do need to know that I, I can go on and on, but I wanted to show you those clips as well because that's what Donald Trump's saying in the audience that they filled with his own supporters.


So I have to ask you this question too. I mean, with what Fox is doing, setting up, I mean, they are an arm of his campaign. Do you agree? I mean, they are. So again, I don't care what political party you are from, I just think when I watch that, I'm like, that's not what our politics should be about. Donald Trump should go on 60 minutes, get asked tough questions. Do have Vice President Kam Laris gets asked tough questions. You, you, you go and, and you have a news organization set that up for you. And then notice it's always projection and confession with these MAGA guys, right? Then they accuse the other side that's not doing that exactly what they're doing so that they can try To, get away with it. That that's their game.


That's their ultimate scam. We'll keep on calling it out together. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Have a great day. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.