
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies. While MeUndies can't totally help your love life this Valentine's Day, they can offer you insanely comfy undies and loungewear to buy or gift. MeUndies has so many awesome Valentine's Day prints and styles. Plus, you can match with your partner friends, or even your pets. This Valentine's Day give the gift that'll keep them thinking of you and score huge sitewide savings at meundies.com/spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. MeUndies comfort from the outside in.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The New year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


We're hearing from all of these Trump supporters and Trump voters who are now like, Donald, you are betraying us. We depended on federal aid and now you did this federal aid across the board freeze, and now we can't get the services that are keeping us alive. How could you do this to us? I'm gonna share some of this F around and find out content, also known as leopards, eating my face or your face content. But I come with receipts as well. What I want to share with you is the type of coverage we had warning you about what was going to happen. So let's take out the receipts and let's also share some of these stories.


First, let me share some of these stories like Lucinda, who goes, you are betraying your followers. Donald Trump. You are betraying us. I'm an elderly woman and you're taking away food stamps. You're taking away all of these programs for children. Who are you? You're letting us down and we put you there. How about this person who goes a week in and now my Medicaid portal is shut down in my state? I voted for him too, but Jesus, this next person goes, the bank just called and told me that my USDA rural development loan that I was approved for is now canceled.


Apparently, Trump has frozen all federal loans and grants. We were supposed to start construction on February 1st. February 1st. I voted for him to bring down grocery prices, not this. Well, I guess If you consider that a lot of groceries are no longer even making it to the grocery store. Perhaps that's how you could say he's bringing it down the same way. I guess he brought down toilet paper during his first administration because bye-bye. There was no toilet paper and there were mass casualty events. Do y'all remember what happened in Trump administration? One with mobile borgs? He said, like a miracle. All of this Covid o's just gonna go away.


Just inject yourself with bleach. Like do you have collective amnesia? Trump voters, you know that men in black wand that they used to have, and they would just erase their memory is that's what's going on here at all? Okay, let me pull out some receipts, then I'll share more stories. So this is Elon Musk right here whose basically as top in of the, of the food chain of Trump. He's almost a co-president at this point. So during the election, he was saying what his plans were. He said that he needs to inflict temporary hardship. He said, we need to inflict immediate hardship on people. Let them suffer, and then we can build after the people are suffering.


This is his words, play this clip. We Have to reduce spending to live within our means. And yeah, that, that necessarily involves some, some temporary hardship, but, but it, it will ensure long-term prosperity. Okay, so you have Elon saying that. And now as we'd share more F around and find out stories yesterday, we also learned that Donald, and this one pains me because I stand in solidarity with unions, with Teamsters, brothers and sisters, with other union members. So this one hits me hard. I don't take delight in reporting on this, but teamsters, you know your president, Sean O'Brien, what he did, he ran to Mar-a-Lago with that thumbs up and he spoke at the RNC and he was telling y'all, and everybody, Trump's gonna be great for labor.


I was like, Trump's gonna be great for labor. What are you talking about? He's, his whole life was ripping off labor and screwing people. That's literally Trump's entire mo screwing labor, hating unions. Well, surprise, surprise. What happened on Tuesday? The National Labor Relations Board's. Powerful, well-respected general counsel, Abruzzo, she got fired by Trump unlawfully, I might add also, Donald Trump ousted, NLRB member Gwen Wilcox unlawfully they fired her despite the law, forbidding firing board members absent neglect or malfeasance. And the reason they fired her, by the way, she was the first black female member of the NLRB.


Now, the NLRB is deadlocked for the entire term. So the unions can't advocate for even the formation of unions. The Union busters love this, and Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump's oligarchs, the people who were invited to the inauguration, who sat even in front of the cabinet, they've been trying to destroy the NLRB. So to all of the teamsters, your, your president, Sean O'Brien, who was out there piling around with Trump, what's he saying about the fact that Trump just gutted the NLRB? And by the way, here's the audio of Donald Trump and the, and Elon Musk laughing about firing striking union workers.


Like th this existed before the election. We, we were sharing this clip, play it This cutter. I mean, I look at what you do. You walk in and you just say you wanna quit. They go on strike. They, I won't mention the name of the company, but they go on strike and you say, that's okay. You're all gone. You're all gone. So every one of you is gone and you are the greatest. You would be very good. Oh, you would love it. But you know, If you look at Argent, and By the way, Elon Musk who's basically running the government now, we know that Elon Musk has planted his lawyers and his team to run OMB backend, the Office of Management and Budget. And they're out there. You know, I think in my opinion, is scamming people in the federal government saying, If you resign now, we're gonna pay you X amount of dollars If you resign now, we'll give you a buyout.


Trump doesn't do buyouts. Trump is a con artist. He is a felon. He is a adjudicated fraud. He was found liable for fraud. Are you gonna trust this guy? Anyway, here's Elon Musk out there saying that he doesn't even believe in the concepts of unions. 'cause he says, unions are the lords and the workers who are members of the unions are peasants. Play this clip, agree With the idea of unions, but perhaps for a reason that is different than people may expect is, which is, I, I just don't like anything. Which creates kind of a lords and peasants sort of thing. And, and I think the unions naturally try to create negativity in a company and, and create a kind of sort of lords and peasants situation.


Tesla Factory workers in California are working so hard, they're passing out on the production line. Think about the gaslighting and the lies. Talking about a Lord v peasant dynamic. That's the oligarchs and the rest of us. The Lords are Elon Musk, the Bezos's, the Zuckerbergs, that whole crew, and then the peasants is everybody else. And now they've gutted union protection.


It's officially the new year. And with it comes those lofty resolutions we all love to set. But here's 1 20 25 goal that's actually easy to crush. Upgrading your wardrobe with the perfect gene. Whether you're shedding some pounds building muscle, or simply embracing that amazing body you already have, the Perfect Jean is here to be your closet's. MVP, these jeans have the stretch to fit every phase of your fitness journey. The style to slay at work or date night, and the comfort to lounge at home like a champ. Listen, stiff denim is out and the Perfect Jean has already saved over 700,000 pairs of men's. Well, you know, and counting from those rigid, unforgiving pants with serious stretch and insane comfort, they're perfect for whatever the new year throws at you. Lounging, flexing or dressing up. And with six fits waists from 26 to 50 and lengths from 26 to 38, you've got over 5,000 combinations to find your perfect pair. I've tried them myself. And let me tell you, these jeans live up to their name. They're stretchy, they fit great. And yes, I've gotten compliments. Finally, jeans that feel as good as they look, plus their perfect tea is the cherry on top soft as butter, just the right stretch and it holds up in the wash like a champ. Alright guys, it's time to stop crushing your parts in uncomfortable jeans and upgrade to the Perfect Jean. Go to the Perfect Jean NYC and use promo code Midas 15 at checkout for 15% off your first order, plus free shipping, free returns and free exchanges. That's the Perfect Jean dot nyc with promo code Midas one five M-E-I-D-A-S one five. When you check out, tell them you heard about it here. It supports the show and keeps us bringing you the content you love. Forget your khakis and get the perfect gene.


Let's just take a look as well at some of this other data that's out there. This person in a, I'm, I'm in a facil. I'm a facility director for a collection of churches who supported Trump, currently have about a million dollars in projects between all of the churches through federal grants. We can't pay these bills if the money doesn't come in. We were offered this money by the federal government for various safety upgrades and maintenance. Most of the grants are reimbursement loans. Parishioners are already texting and calling scared. I don't feel good. This person goes, my parents are conservative and own a business who sole purpose is writing federal grants.


Their entire income is now completely gone because of Donald Trump. This person goes, what the hell? While I agree, we need to cut down on federal spending, this will immediately harm food banks, suicide, hotlines, farms, and dozens of other things that are essential to this country. There's really no good way to defend Trump's federal government freeze. Even If you say we should cut back on government funding, cutting things cold Turkey like this with everything is absolutely ridiculous, even Louisiana's far, far right. Governor Jeff Landry says, we need to have clarity as to the depth. He says, he goes that he's concerned that Trump's actions, quote, jeopardize financial stability.


You, you think it jeopardizes financial stability when Trump's order looks like it is freezing. Federal loan and grant programs like Snap and TANF and WIC and federal student loans and, and more. But folks, folks, guess what Mag's doing? They're doing cosplay. You've got your puppy killing Homeland Security director Christie Nome dressed up like an ice officer doing the arrest herself with Dr. Phil. Here, watch this here in New York City this morning. We are getting the dirt bangs off these Streets. Don't worry. Also the zero star general, the zero of a person.


Pete Heif, defense secretary, Pete Heif, he announced his first action will be revoking General Mark Millie, Fourstar, general security clearance and investigating Millie to potentially take away one of Millie's stars. So Hegseth, who has zero stars, gonna take away a decorated military veterans stars so, and, and harm his retirement and take away his security detail because that's how Donald Trump treats the troops, like absolute crap. And it absolutely crapped on the troops by putting Heit there. And by the way, the veteran suicide hotline gets funded with these grants that have now resulted in the federal and the veteran suicide hotline being taken down.


And so many programs that fund veterans being cut because of, of this. And by the way, you think about some, you know, no, no one's even talking about this. A lot of our aid, you know, helps like kids with aids, kids with HIV people, even abroad that have AIDS and HIV who are gonna die. We're gonna die now because of this. He's literally killing people like he did in Covid, just killing people with this stuff. And so yeah, you're effing around and you find out the leopards are eating your faces. You voted for that. We didn't. You voted for that. We didn't. And the people in the rest of the world who are gonna be impacted, who are gonna freaking die because of this or be seriously injured because of this and suffer because of this, is because of all of you.


So yeah, it's a F around and find out. You're finding out you're screwing up, but you screwed everybody's life in the process. And we warn you about this stuff. We warned you and you were talking about transgender volleyball players and that's what was getting you all angry. Your culture, war issues you wanted to bully, marginalized community. Shame on you for doing it. Seriously. Me saying shame on you isn't enough horrific. Wake the hell up, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free Articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.