
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Oof. Donald was not looking good at the Super Bowl. You're seeing these photos of him. Then when he went on the field, he was like totally lost. It seemed like he didn't even know where he was going. And then he left early as the Kansas City Chiefs were losing. And then as soon as he left the Kansas City Chiefs got their first touchdown cause effect. I don't know, but the team, he was rooting for the Kansas City Chiefs did not do well. Trump left early. Apparently Trump and all of MAGA was hating that halftime show by Kendrick Lamar, which was quite good. By the way, here's Donald Trump on the field, just looking like totally lost here. Watch this.


So yeah, Kendrick Lamar during the halftime show said quote, the revolution is about to be televised. You pick the right time, but the wrong guy, you also gotta love Samuel L. Jackson dressed up as Uncle Sam, introducing Kendrick, Kendrick Lamar. That couldn't have gone over well with Donald Trump and Maga. One of the things I liked as well though, is you had Donald Trump just glazing the Mahome family and saying, oh, they're the MAGA family and the Chiefs are all Maga. Here is Donald Trump with the Mahomes family. And Margot Martin, one of Donald Trump's advisors was bragging about it. Well, I think it's the everything Trump touches, dies syndrome over here.


And just here was the moment where Donald Trump picked the Chiefs to win tonight. Witch did not happen. Here play this clip prediction. I, I hate to do it. I just say that I've watched this great quarterback who's has, by the way, a phenomenal wife, okay? She's a Trump fan, she's a MAGA fan. So I happen to love her, okay? But she's a great person. I, I watched her being interviewed. I said, well, that's pretty good. But she's great and he's great. I guess you have to say that when a quarterback wins as much as he is won, I have to go with Kansas City, I have to go with Kansas City at the same time. Philadelphia has a fantastic, it's gonna be just a great game.


You Know, when Donald Trump was headed to the Super Bowl, of course he had to make the event all about himself. And so he already was like off to a horrible start. So on Air Force One, he said that what's really important about today is that I am hereby pronouncing today Gulf of America Day. And it's even bigger and more important than the Super Bowl. What I'm doing, me, me, me, me, me. Here, watch this moment right here. Let's play it of America. And I'm signing a proclamation. And perhaps you could define that this is a proclamation declaring today, February 9th, 2025 is the first ever Gulf of America Day.


This follows President's executive order issuing a name change from Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. And we're flying right over it right now. So we thought this would be appropriate, even bigger than the Super Bowl. This is a big thing and almost everybody now has presented to that session on board. Ladies and gentlemen, If you could please direct your attention out the right side of the aircraft. Air Force One is currently in international waters for the first time in history flying over the recently renamed Gulf of America. Please enjoy the flight. And we are now about to head westbound to Super Bowl 59.


Wow. Yeah, you did that. Well, yeah, that's what we hear, bro. Okay. It was just so weird. Like all of the MAGA people were making posts like this, like Juanita Broderick, who goes, Trump's headed to the Super Bowl and it's Air Force one with like golden balls on him because one of Elon Musk's, 22-year-old guys who he's sending into the various government departments to take our data, refers to himself online as like Mr. Big Balls. So they're like, we got big balls going here, there. And then mag's like, what if Trump's actually big balls?


It's very weird stuff, folks. I know when Donald Trump was also on Air Force One and he was headed to the Super Bowl, of course he had to again make it about himself and start a trade war again. Here he announced 25% tariffs on steel and aluminum coming into the US regardless of the country. Monday, On this, tomorrow. Monday, yeah, Tomorrow. What countries will those go on? Everybody Steel, Including Canada, Mexico. Yeah. Any steel coming into the United States is going to have a 25% tariff. What About aluminum, sir? Aluminum too. 10%? No, 25%.


25 for 25 For both. For both. And on steel Certain are you ruling out then if on steel having a 51% stake or higher, they won't have Majority stake? Nobody can have a majority stake for US Steel. They can for other companies, but not for US. Steel. I think you agree with that doctor, right? US Steel was one of our great companies and through a lot of stupidity and bad government and also bad management of the company, it lost that luster. But it's going to gain it back and tariffs are gonna help. Tariffs are gonna make it very successful again. And I think it is good management now too. Yeah. So Canada, Australia, I mean any country, they all started scrambling after Donald Trump announced that.


And Trump also said aluminum as well. This is the kind of chaos that follows this guy, this maniac, wherever he goes. But folks, for all of the kind of MAGA world, they love the Gulf of America thing. You had Eric Trump going, it's official proclamation signed aboard Air Force One, it's now the Gulf of America. Then you had Secretary Doug Bergham, who goes, it's official. Congratulations, POTUS on the Gulf of America Interior department has implemented your instruction. And we're calling it the Gulf of America. This is America Greatness. So What, it's pathetic.


The level of pathetic is, you know, the guy is dangerous, but this stuff is so pathetic and humiliating. Then other countries got word of his tariffs. Trump promises 25% tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, including from Canada, Australian government scrambles to secure exemptions from Trump's 25% tariffs. While all of this was going on as well, in retaliation to Trump's erratic behavior, China announced it was opposing tariffs up to 15% on US energy imports and certain vehicles starting Monday, according to the Financial times, Donald Trump was then asked aboard Air Force one about his plan to occupy Gaza with military force.


And Trump said, we're gonna make it into a great development site for real estate. I'm committed to owning it. I'm gonna own Gaza. This is what he said, headed to the Super Bowl here, play this clip. I'm committed to buying and owning Gaza As far as us rebuilding it. We may give it to other states in the Middle East to build sections of it. Other people may do it through our auspices, but we're committed to owning it, taking it, and making sure that Hamas doesn't move back. There's nothing to move back into. The place is a demolition site. It'll be, the remainder will be demolished.


Everything's demolished. I mean, you can't live in those buildings right now. They're very unsafe, but we'll, we'll make it into a very good site for future. Yep. Folks, and all of MAGA again continue to flip out over that halftime performance by Kendrick Lamar. You had MAGA influencers like Benny Johnson saying the halftime show should have been the village people with President Trump doing the Trump Dance Center stage. And you know, it arena would have gone, berserker mode would have made most viral halftime show in NFL history. Read the room NFL share If you agree, a board.


Air Force one. Donald Trump was also asked about Elon's financial disclosure and why Trump is keeping those a secret here is what he had to say. Why does Elon's financial disclosure remain secret? Because nobody's looking at that. We're looking at all the corruption that's taking place. I mean, his financial disclosures largely the number of shares that he's got in very public companies and, and that's not secret at all. If you read that, you'll see a lot. I mean, he talks about his whole thing. I read one where it really gave a very good history of him, but basically it's a number of shares times a certain stock price.


So why is that not public? It's public. All you have to do is read it. And then finally, I'll share this with you right here. Remember when Donald Trump was asked about, and this was in the White House, when he was asked about Patrick Mahomes or Donald Trump said, oh, you know, Tommy Tuberville, coach Patrick Mahomes, which was a lie. And then Tommy Tuberville said he recruited Patrick Mahomes, which is a lie. And then Patrick said, I don't even know the, I don't even know the guy, just endless lying here, here play this clip. And Tommy Tuberville a great coach, you know, his quarterback was named Mahomes.


He was a great college coach. And I said, how good was he? He said, you don't want to know how good he made me into a great coach. He's pretty, pretty good quarterback, right? Yeah, he was very good A few moments later. Last question. So does this mean since you used to coach Patrick Mahomes that you're rooting for the Chiefs at the big game this Sunday? Well, I, I never even coached him. What happened is I recruited him and then I left and went to another school. But I've got to be very good friends with him. Meanwhile, I did, he did not recruit me at the time. So I, I don't, I I don't remember if I ever got to meet him or not. You get The Idea.


So Yep, the curse of Donald Trump continues, folks. Not a good night for the Kansas City Chiefs. Go Eagles. Great night for the Eagles. And there you have it folks. Humiliating experience for Trump. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Seriously subscribe right now. It's free. Also, check us out@midasplus.com. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.