(1s):
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets, terms and conditions apply.

(30s):
Folks, there's a lot happening on Wednesday that Donald Trump is not very happy about. He's panicking. First off, just look at him last night. Just look at what his face looks like right now. Compare him to Marco Rubio. Just look at that color. Then. What's Donald Trump doing today? He's posting things like this. Pennsylvania is cheating and getting caught at large scale levels, rarely seen before. Report cheating to authorities. Law enforcement must act now. Then he posts while I am running a campaign of positive solutions to save America, Kamala Harris is running a campaign of hate.

(1m 13s):
She has spent all week comparing her political opponents to the most mass, most evil mass murderers in history. You're talking about rounding people up, Donald Trump in bloody deportation exercises, and you're saying you want to send the United States military against Americans and invoke the 1798 Alien Enemies Act. Donald Trump then posts law enforcement is all over the great commonwealth of Pennsylvania looking at and for voter fraud. Then Donald Trump sued Bucks County Pennsylvania in and alleging fraud that doesn't exist.

(1m 52s):
He's already filing these lawsuits over and over again. This is from Philadelphia's 10 local news station. Donald Trump claims without evidence that Pennsylvania is cheating Sues Bucks County. On Wednesday, Donald Trump claimed Pennsylvania is cheating and getting caught as his campaign brought a lawsuit against Bucks County over the lines for mail-in ballots, and this is what the article says, votes in the presidential election cannot yet be counted or even open by officials in Pennsylvania. But former president and Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump is already claiming that in some undisclosed way, Pennsylvania is cheating.

(2m 39s):
And on his social media platform, he keeps saying Pennsylvania is cheating and getting caught at large scales rarely seen Again, this is false. Now, there was a rumor that was being spread on Elon Musk's disinformation network that used to be called Twitter and it's called X. But as the Bucks County government wrote contrary to what is being depicted on social media, if you are in line by 5:00 PM for an on demand mail-in ballot application, you will have the opportunity to submit your application for a mail-in ballot. But here comes the frivolous lawsuits again from Donald Trump because the data is not going well for him despite all of the PSYOPs taking place, whether it's Musk, the betting markets and all, that's not what's actually being reflected in the voting data of those who have actually early voted.

(3m 40s):
I mean, you take a look at even CNN, which hasn't, they've not been a great pollster just in general, but when they analyze the early vote, it's consistent. Now with what we've seen from the New York Times, what we've seen with Ipsos, what we've seen from Marist, what we've seen from A, B, C, all of these polls over and over again are showing us that early voters are breaking for vice President Kamala Harris. Look, in Michigan, 61% to 35% of those who have already voted 60% to 38% in Wisconsin, of those who have actually early voted, and there are more Republicans early voting now than there were in the past In Pennsylvania, 57% to 40% there.

(4m 27s):
And if you take a look at, that's amongst the poll of people who have early voted already. But if you take a look at CNN's poll in general, 'cause they extrapolate somehow the likely voters are gonna come out different than those who have already voted. Okay. But in Michigan, Harris has a five point lead in Wisconsin, she has a six point lead. And then in Pennsylvania, if you set aside those who have voted early already, CNN claims, it's tied in Pennsylvania. But I think as Greg's sergeant, my friend Greg Sergeant says here, also key from the CNN poll, among those likely voters who say they're extremely motivated to vote in Michigan, 51% support Harris to 45% for Trump.

(5m 14s):
In Wisconsin, they break 52% Harris, 47% Trump, and in Pennsylvania they divide 50% for Harris and 47% for Trump. So that is a very good sign in Pennsylvania and that's now why we see Donald Trump out there, I think, filing these phony lawsuits because it's not going well for him. So he's doing the repeat of 2020 right now. That's what happens when you don't hold criminals accountable. They commit more crimes and Donald Trump is a criminal. You take a look at a new breaking news report this morning from the daily male beauty queen claims Donald Trump groped her, molested her after luring her back to suite at New York's Plaza Hotel.

(6m 2s):
Her name is Beatrice Cole. She's now 53. She just came forward and she says that she was invited to the US by Trump after the Miss Switzerland pageant. She's got all the receipts, photos, plane tickets, everything. He tried to lift my dress. He was grabbing and touching my body everywhere. Donald Trump jumped on a blonde six one pageant, beauty queen. Beauty queen pageant grabbing her body everywhere. After inviting her up to a suite at his New York Hotel for a private talk, the woman claims in her exclusive interview with daily male, it was only because of her height and strength that Beatrice Cull could fight off.

(6m 43s):
The former president, who is now hoping for a second term, I think my size saved me. She says, she goes on to describe the events which the daily male points out, closely mirrors the accusations of other women, including Eugene Carroll, who prevailed in her sexual assault lawsuit against Donald Trump. And a jury determined legally that Donald Trump engaged in sexual assault. You see the photos of her here. You see the documentation including her plane tickets and her invitation from Trump to arrive. And it goes on to, you know, tell her story about everything you know, all, all the horrific things that she experienced there.

(7m 29s):
One of the things that's notable as well here in the story is she says that Jeffrey Epstein was very close to Donald Trump. He attended these pageants with Donald Trump and he repeatedly tried to convince her to party with him and Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago quote, Epstein would always insist to pay for everything for my flights accommodation so that I would come and join him and Donald Trump and party with them at Mar-a-Lago. Jeffrey Epstein was very explicit, you know, I can take care of you. And then Epstein told her, we organize many parties with the Don. I take care of everything for Donald Trump.

(8m 11s):
He was really insisting. This is, this follows the story we reported last week with Stacey Williams, the Sports Illustrated model, who talks about how Donald Trump sexually assaulted her, groped her, grabbed her, and Epstein brought her to Donald Trump, where Donald Trump started touching her all over without her consent. It's also a very bad morning for Donald Trump in the sense that his close ally, who he has a secret plan with, I'm sure you saw my video yesterday about Trump's secret plan, the contingent election plan under the 12th Amendment with maga Mike Johnson. If Republicans keep control of the house, well, here's a new one.

(8m 53s):
maga Mike Johnson was hanging out with some, I think frat kids in his state in the frat that he was a part of, and he was saying how he wants to put a blow torch on Obamacare and other regulations and that he intends to get rid of Obamacare. So get rid of the Affordable Care Act. So if you have pre-existing conditions, you won't you, you won't be able to get healthcare If you know if, if you depend on Obamacare, which is the affordable car, you'll be kicked off your healthcare. Here's the secret recording of MAGA mike from earlier in the day. Let's play it.

(9m 33s):
There's a lot of talk. I mean, healthcare reform's gonna be a big part of the agenda when I say we're gonna have a very aggressive verse hundred days agenda, we got a lot of things on the table. But healthcare, it's the secret. That's part, it's the secret s secret healthcare reform, not a secret. There's some some really important ideas on the table and we have a, A docs cau the physicians who serve in the house and they've got a menu of options about this thick. And I think this is part of it because if you take government bureaucrats out of the healthcare equation and you have doctor patient relationship, it's better for everybody. More efficient, more effective. That's the free market. Trump's gonna be for the free market. You heard a little sample of that last night. We wanna take a blow torch to the regulatory state. Okay? Yeah. I mean these agencies killing been weaponized against the people and it's, it's, it is crushing the free market.

(10m 17s):
It's like a boot on the neck of job creators and entrepreneurs and risk takers. And so healthcare is one of the sectors, but we need this across the board and Trump's gonna go big. I mean, he's only gonna have one more term, right? Can't run for election, right? And so he's gonna be thinking about legacy and we're gonna, we're gonna fix all these things. No, no Obamacare, no Obamacare heard of it. Yeah, the ACA is so deeply ingrained. We need massive reform to make this work and we got a lot of ideas on how to do that.

(10m 43s):
Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather get better sleeps I do now thanks to Miracle Made Sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable and without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with Miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/minus to Treat Yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.

(12m 18s):
Senator from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, John Federman, he's speaking out. He goes, Trump's winning strategy is what accused Pennsylvania of cheating again. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris is meeting Pennsylvanias today in Harrisburg to chart a new path forward with policies that actually matter to us. It's time to turn the page and leave this sad man in the past and it's more of Donald Trump's post saying Pennsylvania is cheating and getting caught. Governor Josh Shapiro has responded as well. Governor Shapiro says Republicans and Democratic clerks of elections are doing their jobs here in Pennsylvania and together with law enforcement, they're making sure only eligible voters are able to register and vote.

(13m 3s):
Let's remember in 2020, Donald Trump attacked our elections over and over. I was the attorney general back then and despite hi, despite his bluster and rhetoric, he went oh 4 43 in court when he fought to make it harder to vote and then tried to overturn Pennsylvania's votes. He's now trying to use the same playbook to stoke chaos. But hear me on this, we will again have a free and fair, safe and secure election and the will of the people will be respected. Also, Arnold Schwartzenegger, who doesn't really endorse political candidates, well, he's come forward to endorse Vice President Kamala Harris. He gave a very long endorsement here.

(13m 44s):
I'm not gonna read it all, but I think it's important that you hear what Arnold Schwarzenegger had to say. He goes, I don't really do endorsements. Former governor of California, by the way. I don't really do endorsements. I'm not shy about sharing my views, but I hate politics and don't trust most politicians. I also understand that people want to hear from me because I'm not just a celebrity. I'm a former Republican governor. My time as governor has taught me to love policy and ignore politics. I'm proud of the work I did to help clean up our heir, create jobs, balance the budget, make the biggest infrastructure investment in state history, and take power from the politicians and give it back to the people when it comes to our redistricting process and our primaries in California.

(14m 28s):
That's policy. It requires working with the other side, not insulting them to win your next election. And I know it isn't sexy to most people, but I love it when I can help make people's lives better with policies like I still do through my institute at USC where we fight for clean air and stripping the power from politicians who rig the system against the people. Let me be honest with you, I don't like either party right now. My Republicans have forgotten the beauty of the free market, driven up deficits and rejected election results. Democrats aren't any better at dealing with deficits and I worry about their local policies hurting our cities with increased crime. It is probably not a surprise that I hate politics more than ever, which if you are a normal person who is addicted to this crap, you probably understand, I want to tune it out, but I can't because rejecting the results of an election is an uner, is as un-American as it gets to someone like me who talks to people all over the world and still knows America is the shining city on a hill.

(15m 24s):
Calling America a trash can for the world is so unpatriotic and makes me furious and I will always be an American before I am a Republican. That's why this week I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls. I'm sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don't recognize our country and you are right to be furious. Then he goes on to say, but a candidate who won't respect your vote unless it is for him, a candidate who will send his followers to storm the Capitol while he watches with a Diet Coke. A candidate who has shown no ability to work to pass any policy besides a tax cut that helped his donors and other rich people like me, but helped no one else.

(16m 9s):
A candidate who thinks America, who disagrees with him are the bigger enemies than China or Americans who disagree with him are a bigger enemy than China, Russia, or North Korea. That won't solve our problems. He goes, it will just be four more years of bullshit with no result that makes us angrier and angrier, more divided and more hateful. We need to close that chapter of American history and he goes on to endorse Vice President Kamala Harris. You notice one of the things he said there, and we've been highlighting this a lot here, and I just think it's an important issue to talk about. It's climate change. Climate change is real. Vice President Kamala Harris has addressed climate change in a very systemic way while she's been the vice President with President Biden.

(16m 56s):
And it also means more jobs actually investing in becoming the leaders in new technologies to also deal with climate change. I mean, that's created tons and tons of jobs. And here's the thing though, you have to address it. It's, it's killing people right now. right now, this is catastrophic stuff. And Donald Trump continues to do these interviews on Fox, like the one I'm about to show you where he goes, someone the ocean's rising. If anything, you'll get more beachfront property. What are we even talking about here? Here, watch this. But if the ocean rises one eighth of an inch over the next 500 years, we'll handle that.

(17m 36s):
What we don't want is global warming of the nuclear variety, and that could happen tomorrow. And again, that's just not the way how you should be. You know, dealing with any, you know, dealing with any of this, you know, climate change is real and it's serious and it has to be addressed. I mean, I'll show you this article right here from the New York Times Clean Energy is booming in the us The election could change that. Trump has suggested he would dismantle the Inflation Reduction Act, which has reshaped America's energy landscape over the last two years. A surge in clean energy manufacturing has helped. This is from the New York Times has helped push US factory construction to the highest level. In half a century, solar power, solar power installations and electric sales are breaking records.

(18m 22s):
Even Republican-led states like Montana and Utah are writing climate plans to secure federal cash. Yet the law driving this dizzying transformation of America's energy landscape, the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act, is facing a highly uncertain future as the election looms, if he returns to the White House, Trump has suggested he would gut the law, which is expected to pour as much as $1.2 trillion over the next decade into technologies to fight climate change, such as wind turbines, which Donald Trump goes the wind. He just doesn't take it seriously. He goes, he hates wind solar panels, which again, Donald Trump mocks nuclear reactors, which Donald Trump mocks carbon capture and electric vehicles as well as factories that supply them my, this is what Donald Trump said, my plan will terminate the Green New Deal, which I call the green new scam.

(19m 17s):
He says, by contrast, vice President Kamala Harris, who cast the laws tie-breaking vote in the Senate hopes to accelerate the growth of green, of clean to energy and slash greenhouse gas emissions through what would require speeding up federal permits while overcoming local opposition and electric grid constraints. And so we're talking about a manufacturing boom caused by this that Donald Trump wants to take away. Well, there you have it, folks. That's what's going on on Wednesday. Keep you posted with more here on the Midas Touch Network at subscribe. Let's get to four million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, Medis change their algorithm to suppress political content.

(19m 58s):
Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.