
So is it even considered campaigning anymore where you just sit around at a country club where you talk negatively about the United States economy as the economy is actually soaring and setting records and you stand beside a bunch of like cereal and milk and you just start crap talking about the United States of America over and over again trying to actually cause harm and sabotage the United States of America while that is normalized by corporate media that decides to cover that instead of say Vice President, Kamala Harris and her running mate, governor Wall speed.


I, I just want to talk about that at the outset of the show. 'cause as Donald Trump continues to decline in the polls and Vice President, Kamala Harris and governor Walls continue to gain momentum, Donald Trump is getting more desperate. He spoke earlier in the week in Asheville, North Carolina, whether it's because he can't fill any stadium or auditorium of significant size or simply, he also hasn't paid his bills in various auditoriums across the country. Donald Trump chose a very small venue in Asheville, North Carolina to host an event earlier this week.


It was the same usual ranting and raving of Donald Trump not saying anything of substance and just kind of whining throughout the entire time. You compare that to Vice President, Kamala Harris and President Biden speaking together earlier in the day about things that actually matter to the American people like Medicare negotiating reductions in prescription drug prices that will impact millions and millions of Americans. Something that Donald Trump and MAGA Republicans tried to block. I mean, today's the day where we're getting good economic news sales at US retailers unexpectedly surged in July way beyond expectations.


Jobless claims are at their lowest level since July 6th. The stock market soared past 40,000. It was up over 500 points at some points today. You got all of that going on and then you have Donald Trump, you know, having the corporate media just have him lie after lie after lie while they broadcast it. So much so that, I don't know if you noticed this, if for those who were watching it, that Fox had to remove the Chiron of the stock market today when Donald Trump was talking negatively about our economy so that it could continue just to lie to its viewers. We'll talk about that and more on this episode of the Midas Touch podcast. I'm Ben joined by Brett and Jordy Jordy, bringing back the red hat, Brett bringing back the USA hat.


I love it. I love it. How you guys doing? U-S-A-U-S-A I'm doing great. Another very weird day in the world of Donald Trump and JD Vance. But that's just, I think any day that ends in y at this point, it just gets weirder and weirder and weirder. You know what I was thinking also as we see Donald Trump just not campaign and just hide in his country clubs and private golf courses, first off, that's just incredibly strange. And the nerve, the gall of the Trump people to act like when they tweet out and say things like, where's Kamala, why haven't we seen ca It's like, yo, she's been in every state. What are you talking about? She's in front of crowds of like 20,000 people every single day.


Your guy is holed up in the basement of his country club that he lives in, which is its own weird thing. But one of the things that I've been kind of taking notice of Donald Trump and JD Vance are like never in the same place at the same time. And I, I get wanting to divide and conquer and go up, but that's not what's happening. This is, it's very odd. Like, have they even been in the same room at the same time? More than like three times ever. I'm, I'm, I'm genuinely curious, like do they, do they not like each other? Do they ever talk to each other? I'm thinking of like the RNC I'm thinking of other things where they may have been together, like in that weird Fox interview that moment in, I can't think of much else, honestly, but the whole thing is just weird. It gets weirder by the day. We're gonna dig into it.


Jordy, how are you, how are you and your Red Hat doing today? I'm doing great. I got a lot of compliments on the Red Hat brother, so I'm just gonna say, I'm saying that we're taking Red Hats back. So, so there it is. Brett, to your point before we kick it back to Ben, at this point I'm thinking Melania has spent more time with Trump than JD Vance. I mean, it's close at this point and we know how much Melania loves hanging out with, with Trump, so hey, we'll see. We'll see. I'm really excited for today's show. Real quick, shout out to our Australian listenership, man. Gotta love the folks from down under. I I was taking a look at some of our metrics. We have a huge, huge Midas mighty coalition out there in Australia, so thank y'all for listening and we appreciate that.


Thank you mates very big in Australia. Thank you to all our supporters internationally as well. We're all united when it comes to supporting democracies because you know, I know that this election has impacts and ripple effects across the world. Let's just talk, take a look briefly at what went down during this bizarre press conference that Donald Trump held in Bedminster, the burial site of his first wife, Ivana, where he let these s he UBS grow over it. Yeah, Donald Trump. Why? So first off, like the reason he's doing these press conferences is because he can't actually speak to crowds. And so his team tries to like write him the script and he never actually is able to even stick to it.


He gets the corporate media to like cover these things. We make the editorial decision here at the Midas Touch network that we will never run these things live. We need to look at the clips, we need to fact check what he's saying and then we can show the clips because to let him rant and rave like a lunatic on our, on our digital channels is just, you know, detrimental to our democracy. But let's just show you what went down with the appropriate fact checks. And here Donald Trump says that Vice President Kamala Harris called him weird and called JD weird. And He says, we're not weird. This is part of the press conference that Donald Trump's holding today here play this clip. People Very angry at her. I think I'm entitled to personal attacks.


I don't have a lot of respect for her. I don't have a lot of respect for her intelligence and I think she'll be a terrible president and I think it's very important that we win. And whether the personal attacks are good, bad, I mean, she certainly attacks me personally. She actually called me weird. He's weird. It was just a soundbite. And she called JD and I weird, he's not weird. He was a great student at Yale. He went to Ohio State, graduated in two years at the top of his class and all of these different things. And, and we have this guy that's running a failed, really a very failed state who's had a terrible career. I mean, you have him saying they're weird.


No, he's a weird guy and she's weird in her policy. I mean, there's so much to unpack right There he goes, I'm entitled to personal attacks that He says I'm not weird, which is a weird thing to even say. This is economic speech. Let's, let's remember this is his, this is supposed to be a press conference on the economy and we, it's neither of those things. It's an excellent point to just reemphasize. That's why we're all here, right? That's why he brought the, the press to come and cover this so he could talk about his plans for the economy moving forward. But I don't think there was much economic talk. Well, it's the scam that he pulls in all these things. He doesn't leave his places. He doesn't leave Mar-a-Lago or he doesn't leave Bedminster.


He walks outside of his private country club, which is AdChoices I will say, to talk about the struggles of the working man from right in front of your private country club or private golf course that costs hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to belong to. I'll say that is certainly AdChoices and then to just ramble and coherently about random stuff. But it's a scam that works on the media unfortunately, because apparently as long as you dub anything a press conference, they're gonna show up with cameras and he hand selects also the reporters who are going to be there. So the people there are his sycophants. So he has like a little crowd who applauds for him. And then he has like organizations like the Gateway Pundit and all these like far right organizations that ask ridiculous questions like how did you feel when God saved you on that fateful day?


And, and crazy things like that. But CNN and, and, well we know Fox will, but like a CNN airs it, they go, it's a press conference. Maybe Kamala Harris would just start calling her rallies, press conferences and, and maybe they'll start airing him one day. Well, it's a good experiment. You know, one, one of Donald Trump's moves too, where he plays the presses when he doesn't know the answer to a question. He goes, I'm gonna hold a press conference on it very powerfully, very soon I'm going to hold a press conference on it. And then he never holds a press conference on that topic. Like, remember, was it two weeks ago now? He said he was asked a question in the other press conference, I think that he held, he was asked how he was going to vote on the Florida referendum about women's reproductive rights. And I'm gonna hold the press conference on that.


Okay, well he doesn't do that. Remember back in 2015 or 2016, he said he was gonna hold the press conference about how Melania had gotten to the United States of America to answer all of those questions when he was spreading all the birther conspiracies. He never did that. He says he's gonna hold a press conference. Do you remember during the debate with, with Biden when he was asked a question, he said too, he is like, I'm gonna do a press conference. You, you want me to do a press conference on it? I'll do a press conference on it. The guy has like three to five moves. They're all stale, they're all weird and it's just important that we call it out. But the corporate media like eats this stuff up soon. You understand? I see some of these reporters, Ben that will say, breaking Trump says he'll be holding a press conference to discuss this position on abortion.


And it's like, are you really falling for this? Like, are we really doing this? How many times do you have to fall for this before you realize that it's bs? Like, come on Jabal. I watch the mind of such network once I, I beg you, you know, it's like when he files the notice of intent to file a lawsuit against the Department of Justice and you're like, say I'm gonna sue the DOJ for $100 million for the lawful search of Mar-a-Lago that was done with probable cause with a search warrant. There's no basis to file a lawsuit, but he knows if he puts 100 million 'cause it's a headline grabbing number, the corporate media will be like, Donald Trump files $100 million lawsuit.


And then when he loses the case, it doesn't really get any attention at all. Like, think about this, remember when Donald Trump sued my, our friend Michael Cohen for like $300 million and remember he fundraised off it, I'm suing Michael Cohen, $300 million for all of these things. And everybody wrote about it and then the lawsuit started. So Michael Cohen's like, be all right, let's, let me take your deposition. Then Donald Trump refused to sit for a deposition. Then when he finally couldn't delay any longer, he dismissed the case without prejudice. And then there was like barely a peep about that. Like no one's like the headline should be Donald Trump filed a completely frivolous lawsuit and he was scared as hell and that's why he dismissed the lawsuit.


But it never gets that coverage because the corporate media can be played so easily by fascists and, and they and the Magar Republicans have learned how to play the refs like that. And frankly, it's one of the reasons we need to revisit and rethink the media. It's what we're doing here. Okay? Part of Donald Trump's economic press conference right over here. He claims that people don't know vice President Kamala Harris's last name. And He says something like, you ask a man on the street, they don't know what her name is, here play this clip. So I don't think so, I don't think people know who she is yet when people, 'cause really people didn't know. You can ask the man on the street. I saw it on one of the shows today. They asked the man on the street, what's the last name of Kamala?


Nobody knew it's Harris. Nobody knew the last name. I don't even use it because nobody knows who I'm talking about. People don't know who she is. Again, it's just the most ridiculous thing in the world. Yes, people do know who she is. She's beating you right now. That's what's going on. Let's, and then, so Donald Trump is also obsessed, obsessed that she's on the cover of Time Magazine and he also is obsessed that it is a drawing versus an actual photo. The, the fact that it's a drawing bothers him so much. And so this is what he talks about and this as well here play this clip. And when they find out, I think you're gonna see something.


But right now, even not knowing her and with all of the, like the cover of Time magazine, they didn't put a picture, they got a great artist to do with it. What was that all about? You know, what was that all about? The whole thing is crazy. Now what's crazy about that? What do you mean? What's that all about? Why is it a strange thing that there's an artist on Time magazine who, who did a cover? Just think about it this way. Donald Trump sued the people who do like the Nobel Peace Prize. Like he, he sued them because he was not the winner. That's who this individual is. I don't think there's anybody in the history of the United States who has filed more lawsuits and lost more lawsuits than Donald Trump.


And just think about this too, you know, in a, in a day where we've learned as well that part of the reason why unemployment is low, why manufacturing jobs are soaring, they're soaring also in green sectors. If America could lead the world when it comes to, you know, wind and solar and other sources of energy that work and that are re clean replacements that make our climate better, but also help our economy, we're adding hundreds of thousands of new jobs like factories that were shut down are now being revitalized.


We've been to some of those factories, Brett and Jordan. I mean Brett and I were in Pueblo, Colorado. We saw with our own eyes a factory that was struggling when Trump was in office that make the biggest wind turbine is the biggest wind turbine planted in North America. They're thriving, adding thousands of workers. And we see this repeating in Michigan, in Ohio, people are getting jobs, yet Fox and right wing propaganda and corporate media are making people who benefit from these policies go against things that would give them their own jobs. Like watch, this is part of Trump's press conference where he talks about wind energy is, he goes, it's killing your birds and destroying the fields, the gorgeous field.


Listen to what He says here, play this Clip. He, instead of playing this game with wind that is ruining everything, killing all your birds, destroying the fields, all these gorgeous fields, you got windmills all over the place and you have birds, you wanna see a bird cemetery just go under a windmill. You see thousands of birds dead. The bald eagle, if you kill a an eagle, they put you in jail for years. And yet these windmills knock 'em out like nothing and nothing happens to the people. No. And Brett, you've done this before too, where you've transcribed what he's said because when you actually read what he's saying also it's, it's clear how demented and psychologically disturbed and detached he is, even more than when you just kind of watch it happen.


And I wanna show you this other clip. So think about this. Think about if Vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Walls were giving a speech or holding a press conference. And I know the MAGA corporate media thing now is to say Vice President Kamala Harris doesn't talk to the press, she never speaks to the press over and over again. Almost every day she speaks to the press, she goes out, she answers their questions, she doesn't answer 'em in deranged ways. I mean, she answers the questions like a normal person. So sometimes there's not like a, you know, like a Clippable moment where she says something like outrageous. She just answers the questions.


It takes her five or 10 minutes to go through the questions and she says, all right, thank you. But imagine if she and Governor Waltz we're giving a speech and they said something like 100% of all net jobs created are from migrants. Just think about that alone. You're, listen, Donald Trump says this, but just think of someone said 100% net anything what was created when it's clearly a false number here, watch this and I wanna talk about it. Play The question. Virtually 100% of the net job creation in the last year has gone to migrants. You know that most of the job creation has gone to migrants.


In fact, I've heard that substantially more than beyond actually beyond the number of a hundred percent. It's a much higher number than that. But the government hasn't caught up with that yet. But Vir Does anybody have any doubt that if Vice President, Kamala Harris answered a question like that at that ever, that there would be five op-eds in the New York Times and other papers and everything saying she needs to go. If she just answered the question like that, that would be it. It's done. See you later. We'll, we'll show you in a little bit.


She gave a speech today while Donald Trump was doing whatever that was where she gave a very detailed presentation, an explanation how a discreet policy that she and President Biden pushed forward together and Biden signed into law, has allowed Medicare to collectively bargain for all the people who have Medicare to lower prescription drug prices and how that has had a tangibly better impact on people's lives. No Hannibal Lecter, no craziness, no whatever. And the expectation is, is that she's required to do that, which frankly any politician should have to be able to, to explain things.


But Donald Trump can go and ramble about supply chains and it's clear that Donald Trump doesn't know what supply, what a supply chain even is. Like listen to him try to talk about, I'm showing you these I can show you dozens of other clips where he rambles about Kamala Harris. You get the point, you get it. Let me show you where he tries to talk about the economy. Watch this here, play this clip. We're gonna bring back our supply chains to stop costly supply chain disruptions. We have tremendous disruptions. I have it all the time and I think you do too. We order things and I keep saying, well, when's it getting us, sir? There's a supply chain disruption. And I mean, you end up getting stuff like three months late.


Now every, I don't know if all these geniuses over here, I think we can say that. I'm not sure that you're necessarily as much into it, but they are. And I will say that often, very often we have problems with supply chains where I'm, I'm waiting for things for weeks and weeks and I say, by the way, whatever happened to it, supply chain, sir, it's not coming in and it's a terrible thing. Nobody, nobody ever thought a thing like that would happen to our country. Yes, they they, they did. And there was actually a plan for it when former President Obama was talking about how a global pandemic could impact supply chains and it was Donald Trump's mishandling of covid, which di which actually caused a cascading effect on supply chain issues.


Now when President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris came into office, they pushed forward legislation like the CHIPS Act, which said one of the ways that you deal with supply chain issues is you make things in America the way Donald Trump wants to mock things like wind energy and wind turbines and things like that. Think about one way that you can deal with a supply chain issue like the factory we were at in Pueblo, Colorado. They now manufacture the turbines in the United States and then goes in the railroad in the United States and we control the supply chain Before there was investment in the Inflation Reduction Act and the Infrastructure Act, they would have their main plant in Vietnam and other places which would make us dependent on certain supply chain shipping issues.


So one way to deal with that is to bring these jobs to America. Now one thing, for example, a big supply chain issue that was exposed during Donald Trump's mishandling of Covid was supply chains regarding semiconductors. Semiconductors are in all of our electronics. It basically runs everything we do. Well, most semiconductors are being made in Taiwan and Asia and they were not being made in the United States. The US used to control the semiconductor industry and then we fell off. So we passed the chips act under President Biden bringing that back here to the United States of America. And another way you can deal with supply chain disruptions is by having good relationships with your allies, not supporting chaos like Donald Trump does with Victor Orban and Vladimir Putin.


So there's concrete strategies that can actually take place, but Donald Trump is a chaos agent when it comes to these things. And it's obvious just from listening to him, he doesn't even know what a supply chain he, he would not even know the most basic thing of what a supply chain even is. But he said supply chain a bunch of times and rambled a bunch of words and said it's the worst thing to ever happen. So take him at his word for it. You know, the whole thing is is obviously insane. And what's a wild kind of hypothetical, which really isn't a hypothetical, is to think how far behind we would be as a country if Biden and Harris weren't in office and if Trump were instead because for the first time in, I believe it's like 50 years or over 50 years, the United States GDP is actually growing faster than China's like that's a pretty big deal and it's because of all the investments that Biden and Harris have made in manufacturing, like this is a massive deal and we'll get into more of the climate stuff later.


I do wanna talk about those clean jobs in a bit more detail. But what you were saying is exactly right, which is if you try to pretend like the climate is not an issue and that these jobs are not American jobs or should not be American jobs, what are you doing? You are seeding high paying, highly skilled, good American jobs that are sustainable for the future. You are seeding those jobs to other countries. You are saying we don't want these jobs. China, you take these jobs, other countries, you take these jobs and I can't think of anything more irresponsible to do to American workers than to leave them in the dust to other countries with emerging technologies. It's like the worst plan on the planet.


And like I said, we'll get into more details. What, well the thing I like about Donald Trump doing this quote economic speech today and, and Trump also did an economic speech in a very tiny auditorium yesterday in North Carolina in Asheville, is that on Friday I believe Kamala Harris is going to be in North Carolina and she's going to be delivering her economic platform. And I assure you it's gonna actually be about the economy and I assure you it's gonna be quite detailed and I heard policies will actually be policies to actually help benefit the American people. I know that's a shock to the media when when these speeches happen, we're already learning a few things. Like we learned that Kamala Harris is supposed to be calling for the construction of 3 million housing units, expanding the housing supply.


That's gonna be one of the planks that she introduces. The reporting's like kind of really just coming out now. She's gonna offer tax incentives for builders that construct properties for first time home buyers. So definitely a focus on housing, making sure that first time home buyers are able to live the American dream. We know that she's gonna be targeting price gouging, which is obviously a huge issue and the major cause of inflation today as well. She's apparently proposing this down payment $25,000 in down payment support for first time homeowners and has a lot of details with that plan. So these are like tangible things designed to help people and not just the ramblings of a lunatic. And so I think the contrast in Trump actually doing this today is going to benefit vice President Harris so much when she does her event, especially, you know, when she has the detail and energy and stuff.


The thing I noticed about this time around for Trump especially is it's far different than 2020 and I think it's even way, way, way different than 2016, which is I think every time he speaks, he's actually hurting himself at this point. Every time he gets, he reminds people of why they dislike him. And I think people are just like, ugh, like I just wanna live my life. Like I, I don't need this, I don't need this guy in my ear, I don't need this rambling. Like enough is enough, I'm ready to move on. And so I think actually the more people see him in some, in some ways, like sometimes the better because they're, they're just so repulsed by him. Jordy, no, I couldn't agree more. And I just want to add on to that. That's why this whole fallacy around or the America first movement is a republican MAGA movement.


Their idea of America first is solely baited in xenophobia and like hatred, you know, for our neighbors. But if you really look at it, America first couldn't be more, you know, of a larger platform than the Democrats are pushing forward. How do we keep jobs here in America? How are we making sure that citizens who are below the poverty line are able to live so they don't have to live paycheck to paycheck? Jody, lemme this contrast off your point, just to piggyback off what you're saying, go for, because you hit on, you hit on something. Think about the slogans of the two campaigns, right? You have Make America Great Again. That's a look at, we're looking at it back in the past, right? Right. We want to bring America back to this old time and we are not going back.


You know, those are two very distinct messages. Yeah. One is the message about the future, one is the message about bringing America backwards and I think that contrast is actually quite powerful and is one of the geniuses behind Kamala Harris's campaign slogan and and the campaign's message. We are not also their messaging of mind Your own business, mind Your own business. And I know we got the bracelets right now on store dot Midas Touch dot com, right? Jordy is that ready to go? It's a little dicey BI don't know if they're live just yet, but we, but we do have some excellent, excellent, excellent gear up there. I tease it too early so people are gonna have to wait. Please leave the marketing to little bro, it's my domain. Did I reveal if the bracelets were live and ready to go?


I'm still still working on a few things to make sure they're as accessible as possible for our folks. So T-shirt, however, we do have the main mind, your own dad business T-shirt and the Kamala t-shirts and the we Are Not Going Back shirts, the vote for the prosecutor, not the criminal shirts, the mugs, the child is cat lady gear and you get all that at store dot Midas Touch dot com then we're gonna have to make you sign an NDA or something. I dunno, I'm just revealing all the corporate I'm, I'm revealing all of our secrets. We'll be right back after this quick break and we've got a lot more to discuss. We'll be right back.


Hey folks, let's talk jeans for a sec. I recently grabbed a pair from The Perfect Jean, and let me tell you, they're like the unicorn of jeans. I mean they fit like a dream, look fantastic and are so comfy that I sometimes forget I'm wearing pants. And yes, this is an ad, but trust me, these jeans live up to the hype. Now picture this 700,000 pairs of men's parts rescued from bad jeans. That's super dude, the hero. The Perfect Jean say goodbye to those stiff cardboard denim nightmares and hello to comfort. That'll make you wonder why you ever wore anything else. These jeans fit like they were custom made for you, stretch like you wouldn't believe and look incredible. The fabric is as soft as the baby's bottom involved promise and tough enough to survive. Well, anything. What's even better? The perfect Gene has a size for everybody out there with six fits from skinny to thick. Thick waist sizes from 26 to 50 and lengths from 26 to 38. There is a perfect pair waiting for you whether you're a short king, thick daddy, or somewhere in between. And for a limited time, our listeners get 15% off their first order plus free shipping at The Perfect Jean nyc. Just Google The Perfect Jean and use code Midas 15 at checkout. That's MEIDAS one five at checkout. I've always struggled to find jeans that fit well without feeling like a straight jacket. These jeans are like a second skin stretchy, comfy, stylish. Honestly, I kind of feel like I'm cheating, like no jeans are supposed to be this comfortable and look so good. I've been getting compliments left and right. They really nailed the perfect fit. Guys, it's time to stop crushing your parts in Uncomfortable Jeans. Head over to The Perfect Jean nyc. Our listeners get 15% off your first order plus free shipping, free returns and free exchanges when you use that code. Midas 15 at checkout. That's 15% off@theperfectgene.nyc with promo code Midas 15. MEIDAS one 15. After you make your purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please let them know that we sent you. Forget your khakis and get the perfect gene.


Hey everyone, I wanna share something that's really made a difference for me when it comes to enjoying a night out with friends. It's called Zbiotics Pre-Cool. Pre-Cool is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make Zbiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on hitting the gym, enjoying a brunch, or just getting some important work done Without worry, I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical Zbiotics at first, but then while hanging out with my friends at our favorite bar downtown, I decided to give it a try. And let me tell you, it really works. The first time I tried pre-cool was during a friend's wedding weekend. I had my first drink of the night, a delicious old fashioned by the way. Right after taking Zbiotics the next morning I was up early, feeling great and ready to join the rest of the wedding party for breakfast and activities. It was a total game changer with vacations, weddings, birthdays, and reunions. There's so much going on this summer. Get the most outta your plans by stocking up on pre-Cool, now go to Zbiotics dot com slash midas To, get 15% off your first order when you use Midas at checkout. Pre-cool is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas MEIDAS and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Zbiotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


Let's go. Shout out to both of our sponsors there, the perfect Gene and Zbiotics. Both links are in the description of the YouTube and the audio. Feel free to click 'em. Use our promo codes. We work really hard on those promo codes. To, get you guys the best deals. They're excellent products. I love my perfect Gene. I'm more of a slim fit guy. I'm not really a big daddy guy Brett, like you said, but I'm definitely more, definitely more of a slim fit. Myself and Zbiotics have been fantastic. Do me a favor, if you've used those products, just drop in the comments, right? Now, let people know. You know how comfortable the perfect genes are. Let people know how great the Zbiotics are. Ben, how about you? You more of a slim fit or a thick daddy? I'm like in between slim and thin. I'm like in between slim and slim and thick daddy. There you go.


I'm from skinny to thick. Thick. Oh man. All right, let's, let's take a look at Donald Trump's face with a fly on it. While Donald Trump was speaking at that weird press conference in Bedminster, there was a fly that, I think it was the same fly that was on Mike Pence's head was on Donald Trump's cheek. And so there you have it. That fly is certainly a, is a foreshadowing defeat. So it's good to see that same fly is, I mean, you know, it is the same fly that that fly is.


I think it's the same fly. It's, yeah, it's a big daddy fly. A big daddy fly. I think Mike, I think Mike Pence sent it is tell, tell Donald, I want him to know it was me. So the the Harris Walls campaign, what I like, I just like how aggressive they are. They put out the following statement, they said statement on Trump's whatever that was at his country club. Donald Trump huffed and puffed his opposition to lowering food costs for middle and working class Americans at prescription drug costs for seniors before pivoting back to his usual lies and delusions. No surprise, Trump doesn't want to defend his agenda that would raise costs for families by $3,900 a year, cut social security and eliminate the Affordable Care Act Also, also he can give his rich donors tax breaks.


The American people cannot trust a word Donald Trump says, but they can trust Vice President, Kamala Harris who has spent her life taking on fraudsters, cheaters and criminals like Donald Trump to make our country safer and lower costs for the middle class. I like that they are not mincing words. I mean, by the way, Donald Trump said over and over again that he was gonna bring, like he has a record, right? We we know how he dealt with Covid, right? We saw the disaster where Donald Trump stood there during his press conference and bragged about the ratings from his press conferences during Covid while he told people to inject bleach in his arms. That was the origin story of the Midas Touch network that we were watching those things and Brett Jordy and I were just like, okay, we gotta do something.


I don't know what, I don't know what it is, but let's just start. You can't gaslight us about this because that's why we started this thing like, 'cause we were watching going what the F is going on and why are people treating this like it is normal? What is happening here? And so we were like, we have to say something. We got, you know what, Donald Trump can say no tax on tips, but guess what? He has a record. When Trump was in office, he proposed a plan through his labor secretary that would take the tips given to workers and give it to their bosses. Now why would he do that?


Because Donald Trump is one of the people who would benefit from that. It took a amendment to an omnibus bill to stop the Trump administration from stealing the tips of service workers and giving it to their bosses. That was Donald Trump's interpretation of the Fair Labors Act. So we have his record there. We know that when Donald Trump was in office, he promised an infrastructure plan. He said he would introduce infrastructure and it would be done so good. It would be the most powerful infrastructure ever. He did not introduce it. He said it would be coming in two weeks, two weeks, two weeks.


It actually never came. We we have a record of that. on the other hand, Biden and Harris got an infrastructure bill through Congress where now there's close to 50,000 infrastructure projects going on across the country that all these Republican shameless Republicans who voted against it wanna take credit for this opening and that being built and this happening and that happening. They wanna be there for the ribbon, for the ribbon cutting of things that they voted against. Then when it comes to healthcare, Donald Trump said that he had a beautiful big healthcare plan that was better than Obamacare, better than the Affordable Care Act.


Then Donald Trump showed up to interviews with a binder of blank pieces of paper stacked up and to claim that was his plan. There was nothing even written. It was literally blank pieces of paper and there was no healthcare plan introduced. The only thing Donald Trump tried to do is we have a record of this, these things actually happened is repeal the Affordable Care Act, but for John McCain voting to keep the Affordable Care Act in place. Remember when John McCain voted against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, had Trump got his wish, your healthcare would've been taken away from you.


So we have Donald Trump's record there we have. How do people realize how horrible it was before the Affordable Care Act before Obamacare? Also, like people couldn't get insurance coverage if they had anything bad happen to them in the past. Like people would just get denied insurance and be out of pocket and go bankrupt left and right, like it was way worse than people even remember it being. And the fact that the main Republican policy is to destroy the Affordable Care Act and they have no idea about how to patch the gaps of it and they have no plan whatsoever. Like that should be an even bigger controversy should be. Donald Trump promised these factories in Michigan, in Ohio and remember he would have these big announcements, these big press conferences, going back to the theme, golden shovels.


What'd you say? He had golden, golden shovels at the factories in Wisconsin. Remember goldens factories and then the factories would never get built and he would play with people's lives. But then what he would do, what the corporate media would do, what right wing propaganda media would do as they would then try to scapegoat it. It's the migrant's fault, it's their fault. They're the ones who did it. They're the ones who screwed up when it's just the fact that these billionaires only care about things if it benefits them and their whole plan is to screw the American workers. That is quite literally what their plan is. So you contrast that to what was announced today where there was a historic negotiation of drug prices by the Biden Harris administration where they were able to utilize the fact that there, there's huge bargaining power with Medicare.


They were able to include in legislation a provision where Medicare can negotiate on behalf of all Medicare recipients with the big pharma, with drug manufacturers. So they can use their collective bargaining power to basically say, you know what? We are not going to allow Medicare to cover your drugs. We're gonna go with this drug or a competitor unless you reduce the prices. So if you wanna talk about an actual art of the deal and a real negotiation that benefits we the people and the American people, you Take a look at this chart of new prices and if you're on Medicare, this is a lifesaver for you.


This is very beneficial. And this is in addition to the fact that President Biden and Harris has already capped the costs of insulin and other prescription drug prices have been lower. You wanna talk about like again, facts and data while Donald Trump talks about drill baby drew drill, baby drill. There is a reason why Donald Trump wants to abolish the Department of Education. There's a reason why He says I love the uneducated because if people are educated they can look at facts and they can look at data that for the first time in America's history right now America is energy independent.


I think it was something like America is producing more oil right now than ever in the history of the United States or any country ever in the history of the world right now, energy independent for the very first time. And when Donald Trump goes and says these ridiculous things like, oh, the Biden Harris administration, they're importing all of this tar from Venezuela. Again, you can look at the data and see that Donald Trump was importing like six to 10 times more oil from Venezuela than the Biden and Harris administration. I can look through almost any stat including border crossings.


Border crossings right now are down more than during the Trump administration right now. Now President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris thought about this crazy idea called bipartisan solutions where they had a Republican conservative from Oklahoma negotiate lead the negotiations of a bipartisan border deal that was agreed to. In principle, you had a guy named James Langford, a senator from Oklahoma whose devoted his life to immigration policy. This is as conservative as you get. I think we can all agree. James Langford, conservative Republican senator from Oklahoma is a pretty right wing conserv actual conservative guy.


He's not a MAGA guy on most issues, but maybe on something a little bit Matt, but but a conservative guy. And then Donald Trump said, no, we don't want a bipartisan border deal because we wanna create chaos at the border. And Trump said, blame me. Trump said, that's a winning issue for me. I wanna run on chaos the same way Donald Trump attacks the Federal Reserve chairman right now and tries to prevent Chairman Powell from reducing interest rates the same way Donald Trump was talking about. As I mentioned at the outset, he was talking about a great depression happening in the United States.


Meanwhile, the economy is in one of the strongest positions it's ever been. Do you have any doubt the viewers, the listeners, that Donald Trump would be happy right now if the economy tanked? He fox. The Republicans get jolly when there's a day where the stock market does bad. Why? It's simple. Occam's razor. Sometimes the simplest solution is the answer. Their whole plan for power is if there's chaos, if there's hopelessness, if there is depression, if there is sadness, then they come along and they say that it requires a strong man who's gonna come and fix it all.


And that's what you need to do. You need to surrender your agency to a dictator. And that's why they want to create chaos. Two years ago they tried to create a run on the bank two and a half, three years ago. The MAGA Republicans, Ted Cruz and others engaged in economic terrorism and encourage, that's what it is. And they encourage people in Canada to shut down the bridges from bringing so that trucks cannot bring in goods and items. We've never had an American history, a situation where you've had other than now a political party. Now it's the Republican party that's goal is not to present a competing vision for America.


Their goal is affirmatively to try to sabotage our country from within to cause harm, to prop up an authoritarian and to remove the constitution. Meanwhile, Donald Trump sends emails where he's plastering his name on the American flag. Donald Trump says that he wants to wear the Trump flag, not the American flag. The Trump gold USA flag. He says if he gets elected. I just want you to think about that folks, as we've talked about on other shows, the importance of the flag, patriotism, our constitution, and that the fact that Donald Trump's vision would be to put gold trump on the flag.


I mean, are we serious? Come, come on here. Again, I don't care what pol politics we have, we should look at this and say, what in the world is that a Trump flag? No, we fly the American flag. We don't sing the Trump J six Anthem, we sing the national anthem. Did Donald Trump send one post congratulating the Olympic teams for winning gold? Does Donald Trump said anything nice about America? No. He shit talks America as Governor Shapiro of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would say all the time, all the this is fail, we're third world we're horrible. America's the worst Over and over again. Putin couldn't have it any better.


Meanwhile, finally, because Ukraine's got the weapons it needed, Ukraine's actually launching an offensive in Russia right now in the curse region and has Putin on his heels. It's incredible. It's an incredible change of events, but it's good stuff. Anyway, I know Brett, you got a lot to talk about Jordy. I know we got a lot to talk about. I was rambling there a little bit. I got, I got work. Well lemme just say this Ben before, before we take, take a sec. That's the power of hope. And that's why the message of Joy that Kamala Harris has from her campaign and and Tim Waltz, that I think is why it's resonating so much. Because Donald Trump, for the last, I was gonna say four years, but really for the last like 10 years, his entire mission has been to depress people.


His entire mission has been to tear people down, to make us all miserable. And now for the first time in a while, people are feeling joy. You see it when you go out. You see it at events, you see it at stores, you see joy when Kamala Harris speaks at those events. When you see people with their cell phones out like it's a Taylor Swift concert, you see joy. And the difference between a Kamala Harris event and a Donald Trump event could not be more stark. And that is a potent emotion. It is a powerful emotion and it is the emotion that is needed, quite frankly to defeat this authoritarian streak in Donald Trump. You're right, Ben. We got a whole lot more to talk about and I'm excited.


To get right to it and you better not go anywhere 'cause we're gonna be right back in just a


few. The best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store, it's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the Moink movement. Today, Moink delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Moink Farmers farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Moink meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the Moink difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, Moink gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breasts, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Moink is helping save rural America. Join the Moink movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Moink Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Simonov, jumped at the chance to invest in Moink Plus. They guarantee you'll say Moink Moink. I'm just so happy I got Moink. I know I do and you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink Box dot com slash Midas. Touch right now and listeners of our show, get FREE hot rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ Midas Touch. That's Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch. One more time. Moink Box dot com slash Midas. Touch,


as you know, I'm a dad and as the days go on, I'm learning that it's incredibly important what we give our children. Now, typically children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals and other gummy junk growing kids should frankly never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved SUPERPOWERED chewable vitamin. Now, while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, HIA is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and it's perfect for picky eaters. HIA fills in the most common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated. With the help of nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones and more. It's non GMO vegan, dairy free allergy free, gelatin free nut free and everything else you could imagine. Now HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad and I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins. And that's why I'm so happy that I've come across Hiya Health. The ingredients are amazing and I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because HIA Health is made without that stuff and it's the able to tastes great. Now, we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order. Now to claim this deal, you have to go to HIA health.com/midas. This deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E-A-L-T h.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors. Y'all links are in the description of both the YouTube and the audio. Click them, let them know we sent you use our codes. They're fantastic products. We're actually gonna have a lot more products for babies and and such and new families and things like that on the podcast as well. I guess it caught wind in the community that I have a child and Ben's got a kid on the way. So hey, if you're a grandparent, if you're a father, mother, anybody, please check out these great products for the kids. They're amazing. And Moink new offer there with Moink, those hot rolls, those sound really good. I know Ben, you had some of them and you love them, so definitely check it out. Let them know we sent you real quick before we jump back into it, Brett, 'cause I just want to emphasize your point at the end of that, the Democratic platform right now with, with Harrison Walls is truly all about hope and joy.


And then on the opposite side of that coin, you have the MAGA agenda, which is just simply mayhem and misery and it couldn't be more clear. You have one party, the Democrats with Kamala and Walls, with Harrison Walls, who genuinely want to help people who want to make this country a more safe place for people to live for everybody. And yet you look at the Republican party right now, this MAGA party with Trump and Vance, who again, bizarre, I wanna say it again. It's weird that they're not campaigning together. More people should be asking why they're not together. That's bizarre. It's, that's not normal. But yet their whole platform is America sucks. Only we can fix it.


And by the way, when we say that we're gonna help, we mean wink and nod that we are gonna help the billionaire in the 1% class. So the choice in this election, it it, it just couldn't be more clear. And I love the emotions of the Walls Harris campaign, which is joy. If you wanna talk about em, love, and if you wanna talk about emo emotion and electricity and inspiring, then look no further Jordy than JD Vance. I say that sarcastically, obviously JD Vance is holding these events in like parking lots and nobody shows up. Call Vance. I I I dunno what they are. It's, they, they look like the Four Seasons Total Landscaping. Like they don't look really much different than that.


And I'll show the, the viewers some pictures of like the VIP section at the events and some of the crowds here, like these are legitimately the the pictures right here. Here's a picture on the left. You see a ton of empty seats. This is like an hour and a half before he was going on. And like the doors had opened hours before this, like the doors open before, hours before the couple events. People are in there, they're talking, they're chatting and there are what, like dozens of seats if that laid out. And like a handful of people sitting in them. Then you have, while he's speaking, you have the VIP section, which it looks like, I don't know, a bench that has like 10 people on it. It's, it's all, it, it, it's all very strange. But JD Vance taking his weird tour across the country and it's, it's, it's going weird.


I would say. What, what would you, what do you think Ben? It's very, very, it's very strange stuff and very inauthentic and you know, the geordi, the point that you make about fear versus hope. Brett, you made this great point to me offline when we were talking the other day, you were like, just look at Florida. When you look at like, the referendums that are up for where people are voting and where they are on these issues, you know, whether it's like legalizing marijuana or supporting women's reproductive rights, you have overwhelming support for the side of like, these really important issues in people's lives that tend to be like 65, 70% in favor of the position that would align with the Democratic party.


You don't even have to look at referendums. I mean just look at issues in general, whether it's gun control, whether it's climate, which you'll talk about in a little bit, whether it's wages, whether it's the role of unions, whether it's how we treat our veterans, whether it's fam, you know, paid family leave, whether it's education, whether it's healthcare, women's reproductive rights, lgbtq plus rights. You go through all of these issues, 65, 70 5% of Americans support the democratic position. So Jordy, how do you get it so that these elections are close or people are voting against their interests. Fear, hate, lies, division culture, wars.


Talk about the green m and m and Dr. Seuss. And they're coming for your dishwashers. They're coming for your meat, they're coming for your guns, they're coming for this, they're coming scare people. Say socialism, communism, Marxism. You don't even have to even describe it. Just start saying that use the boogeyman language over and over again. That's, that's how you, that's how you get in Florida. I'm not gonna vote to legalize cannibalism, but I'm gonna vote for Jeffrey Dahmer. Like, yeah. You're like, wait, these things seem quite incompatible. I, I don't, I don't understand. And you see that in a lot of these polls, like Ben said, where you have like 70% support for abortion rights and legalizing marijuana. And then those same people, not, not nearly in those margins, are voting for the people who actually want to take away those rights.


And you're like, huh. And that's part of this authoritarian playbook. It's a part of the MAGA playbook. It's why Fox exists, quite frankly. It's, it's why they say the crazy things they say, but let me build on that because it's also cheap, right? I, I don't wanna make light of those emotions, because those are awful things to feel right When you're scared, when you're feeling miserable, when you're, when you're terrified, when, when everything is doom and gloom. But that's an easy emotion to invoke out of people, right? That, that's an easy emotion to really make somebody feel, because all you have to do is really start to talk negatively, right? You don't really need to ruin anything in facts, just base everything in fear. That's why though, with the, with the Harris Walls campaign, genuine joy and emotion and hope is such a difficult emotion, quite frankly, to, to harness, right?


You could do it in an inauthentic way, and it won't come off nearly, you know, as helpful or as impactful. But what Walls and Harris have been able to do is provide people with genuine joy and hope for a brighter future. Because nobody wants to go back to what Donald Trump, you know, had led us through during the periods when he was elected. And so when you're able to actually combat all that mayhem and misery from MAGA with genuine joy and hope, I mean, the sky's the limit o of the mountains that you could move. And I think we're seeing that, you know, one of the things that Zelensky was able to pull off at the beginning of the war when Ukraine was unlawfully invaded by Russia is Russia did its normal propaganda campaign.


And Zelensky was able to point out each step of the way what was happening. And so when Putin would say, oh, Ukrainians are Nazis, or Ukrainians are this or that, Zelinsky was two steps ahead, it's almost that same playbook in order to how do you combat propaganda that I see Vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Wall's team using as well, getting ahead of Donald Trump's press conferences and saying, here's what he's going to say. Here's what he's going to do. So, and then when he, and then when he does it, say, here's what he did, here's why he did it, and what are they trying to cover up here and frame these issues and then they can communicate it.


The problem with President Biden, well, I thought Biden was in, I thought Biden's done an incredible job at the tasks for which he was hired there. We have to recognize there is a communications battle and a communications war that's taking place, and you just have to have this rapid response made for 2024 in this specific moment. And I, I wish that wasn't so, I, you know, I, I really do. Like, I wish that wasn't required, but it is clear to me that Vice President, Kamala Harris, and Governor Walls are made for this moment. And you see now just how, how easy it, not easy, but you see Trump breaking and say, oh, they're calling me weird.


You see JD Vance on these appearances, they're on the defensive now. So like JD Vance shows up at A VFW post 92, and he is clear, he doesn't even know what A VFW post is in general. He's like, I'm here at a, you know, take out cue card. I'm here at A VFA, I'm one of you here, play this clip. Guys, It's great to be here. It's great to be part of VF Post V-F-A-V-F-W post 92. I've actually got the card right here in my pocket. I'm officially a member, so this is not the last time you're gonna see me. Oh, it's like someone saying, I'm one of you. Look, I'm here. I'm one of you. I think, remind me, I I don't have it on me right now, but have you seen that clip of JD Vance when he tries to like, go, go by the picket line and visit the union workers on the picket line?


And the woman goes, the woman sees me Congress. Yeah. She goes, first time here. He goes, yeah. And then like, it's a very awkward, like fist pound that he tries to give somebody. It's like, yeah, it's, it's, and that's the thing with him. He, he's the most inauthentic person on the planet. Can you play that clip again? That's the first time I saw that clip. And that my, wow, that is one of the most har like humiliating clips of, he had no idea where he was. For the audio listeners, he genuinely takes out this note card. He pulls out out his pocket as he's saying where he is to make sure he's reading it correctly. Holy cow. That was embarrassing. As it's great to be here, it's great to be part of VF Post V-F-A-V-F-W post 92. I've actually got the card right here in my pocket.


I'm officially a member, so this is not the last time you're gonna see me, You know, and he was like, am I at the va? Am I Veterans Affairs? V-F-A-V-F-W? Where, where, where am I? So then he goes on Laura Ingram and they try to, you know, help him out. They give him like the biggest softballs, right? So what you're gonna say, JD Vans to suburban women who are concerned are gonna take away their reproductive rights. So here's what JD Van says here, play this Clip. Senator, one of my dear friends, please tonight said to me, well, all these suburban women, all these suburban women, all they care about is abortion. And they don't understand that decision is with the states now. It's not banned nationally, even if people, some people wanted to be banned nationally. It's with the states. What do you say to suburban women out there who are, are marinating in this propaganda?


Well, first of all, I don't buy that, Laura. I think most suburban women care about the normal things that most Americans care. Alright? So he's saying there that suburban women don't care about normal things. That it's not normal if you're caring about women's reproductive rights. So she orig she tries to give him the answer, which is one, a completely outrageous answer to give, right? She's feeding him the answer and her framing is insane. Let's, let's start up there. Her framing, she's leading, she's leading him to say there's all this propaganda out there that people are saying that women's reproductive rights are taken away. But JD, can you just repeat what I'm trying to say? That it's a state's rights issue and women in blue states or purple states are okay here.


Like that's what she's trying To get him to say. And then JD Vance's response is basically, you are not a normal woman if you actually care about your re reproductive rights because he genuinely has this hatred towards women. Like that's his view. He can't stop that from showing. And then this clip of him from 2020 surfaced where he was talking to a podcaster where he goes, you know, the, the main purpose of postmenopausal female is they need to help raise their grandchildren. This is an area where like JD Vance has quite literally spent the last four years saying the most horrific and weird things and misogynistic things about him, just play a small portion.


'cause he goes on for like three minutes about his philosophy on postmenopausal females here play this clip. And You can sort of see the effect it has on him to be around them, like they spoil him and sort of all the classic stuff that grandparents do to grandchildren, but it makes him a much better human being to have exposure to his grandparents. Well, I don't know. And the evidence on this, by the way, is like super clear. That's the whole purpose of the postmenopausal female. Yes. And in theory, did your in-laws and particularly your mother-in-law show up in some huge, So can we just say this, this is what Governor Wallace says, and we've made merch that says this. Just mind your own damp business jd, just stop it.


Stop it. Just, and this is when Governor Walls describes this as, as weird. It's dangerous, it's misogynistic, but when he goes, it's weird. It's what's weird is like, why are two men having that conversation at all? Like, that's a weird conversation to be having. Then they're sitting around, you know what we should do too? Let's take away condoms. Let's take away consciously, you know, you know, you know, no one else would be good. You know, IVF, which has been like a lifesaver for so many people. Yeah. Let's, let's make rules that says the frozen embryo is the same as a human, and then you can get the death penalty.


How about that? Yeah. You get the death penalty if a frozen embryo is destroyed and then you, and then you're treated like a murder. Oh, great, great idea. JD yeah, man. Okay. I've, I've, I've got a good one. I've got a good one. You know what we really need to be talking about? We really need to be talking about an Algerian boxer's vagina. Okay. Like what we really need to be talking about is, yeah, did you see the Algerian boxer? What, what, what is, what is the president gonna do about the Boxing Federation involving an Italian boxer and an Algerian female boxer? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, well, let's, let's actually just, let's spend our time talking about that.


I mean, we did a whole video on this thing. You know, the weird GOP where you have like Tucker Carlson, his people, you know, testicle tanning. We know we need, you know, they're, they're coming for your dishwashers and you know, the green m and m, she used to be really sexy. Yeah. Did you know the green m and m was like a real sexy m and m. Oh. And now they're making her less sexy. Yeah, they're, they're, they're making her legs a little less long. Oh man. Really? With the green m and m, she was really sexy. I mean, they have these, when Governor Wall says they're weird, those are strange conversations that they're platforming and having all the time. And it's just like, let us be happy. Let us live our lives. Stop it. Just stay away from us with that, with that weirdness.


And then, and then finally, Brett, I'll pass it over to you on, when it comes to climate, it's like climate change is a real thing. Okay? We need to address it. We need to talk about it. When Donald Trump is being like, you know what, maybe climate change means that we're gonna have more beachfront property, and that's a good thing. No, it's not a good thing. And it doesn't give you more beachfront property. And by its very own terms, it takes away the beachfront property and will sink your fricking Miami and, and, and all of these places. So it's not gonna be a, a benefit and let's just address with and, and deal with these issues. You know what? We really need to do horse tranquilizers and maybe we should inject ourselves with horse tranquilizer.


It, it, it's, it's these people's views, Brett. But give us a climate update before we go. Yeah. Like we were saying earlier, the thing with these policies also is like, they're, they're bad for Americans. Okay? It might be good for big oil to push this stuff. You might be saving their pocketbooks, their bank accounts or whatever, but it's bad for Americans and it's bad for American workers. And so it's such a con job by Donald Trump, by JD events, by this Republican party. Because when you see the actual hard data, and more importantly when you see actionable people being put to work on technologies for the future, you're like, oh, that, that, that's how things are supposed to be. And then you get reports like this report that I think is like super important for us to highlight here.


This came from climate power that's talking about the clean energy boom of the past few years. The two years since the Clean Energy Plan was signed into law in August, 2022 by President Biden Companies have announced or advanced 646 new clean energy products creating 334,565 new jobs and driving $372 billion into new investments across 47 states. Trump wants to undo all that like that. That's the thing that we need to make clear. Like he wants to take all this away, which would take a lot of these, most of these jobs away. And I thought someone who made like the most brilliant point about these jobs was this writer Greg Sargent in the New Republic, who does a really great job.


He used to work at the Washington Post, he's at New Republic now. He writes really good columns. And his point is that the, when you take away these policies like JD Vance and Donald Trump want to do, you are hurting the people that Donald Trump and JD Vance are trying to say. They are helping. Many of these jobs are in the heartland of America. I'll pull up right here. The clean energy states that are receiving the most jobs here, the most projects from this Clean Energy boom initiative by President Biden, by Kamala Harris. And you got Georgia, New York, Texas, Michigan, Kansas, Nevada, South Carolina, New Mexico, Arizona, Ohio. Those are the tops in order right there.


What Sergeant says is that the CLI Climate Power Report finds that many of these jobs, mostly manufacturing and wind solar battles, EVs, are concentrated in Trump friendly areas. More than a hundred such projects are located in rural communities, potentially totaling over 50,000 jobs. Most projects are in GOP controlled house districts nearing 200,000 jobs. I know a lot of these clean energy plans and stuff, like one of the big ones I know is like in Marjorie Taylor Greene's district, she rails against these projects. It's given jobs to her constituents. It it's, it's such a, it's such a self-defeating move by these politicians that is just so incredibly, incredibly cynical. And I'll, I'll say a little bit more of what, what Sergeant said because this piece that, that he wrote, it's, once again, it's something New Republic you can find there he wrote, but as the Washington Post, Glen Kessler demonstrates the Inflation Reduction Act complains, contains many provisions ensuring that more EV parts are manufactured in the United States.


That's meant to help catch the US up with China in such manufacturing. Kessler shows that the Inflation Reduction Act is creating large numbers of these jobs in the us and this climate power report underscores that Trump would repeal the whole climate agenda, which would hurt progress in the very places Trump and Vance Rhapsody about. While it's unclear exactly how many of the projects and jobs that would cancel, it's likely to roll back many of them. So if you want to be a, a jobs president, if you want to be leading the country towards the future, once again, we're talking future verse the past. These are the kinds of initiatives. It shouldn't even be like a political thing. It should be, let's look at the data. Let's see what's best.


Oh, these are good for the environment. Great. Does it help us get jobs? Yes, it does help us get jobs. Does it prepare us for the future? Yes, it does prepare us for the future. It checks every box except line the pockets of oil executives. Like, so that, like that, that's where we're at right now. But you know, we're all in this together, you know, in this future forward message right now, this future mindset. And I think, you know, we all ultimately when we, wherever we see Donald Trump at one of these press conferences, we all in our mind are like, Ugh, we gotta hear this guy again. Like, like it's the same old crowd. He's saying the stock market's gonna crash. He said that in 2020 also, like he's saying the same old things. It's the same old boring show every single time.


And I know, like, I know we're tired of it. I know you're tired of it too. But, you know, that's why we gotta keep highlighting this stuff. And, and like I said, at this point, I think the more folks here from both candidates, I think actually the better for democracy at at this point because the contrast is so stark. The messages are so different than you're a big part of moving this country into the future. You play a very, very, very big role in that.


I wanna remind everybody about our new merch. I'm sorry if I revealed corporate secret about what we, no knows what you said about the hypothetical bracelets that we're releasing. Store out Midas Touch dot com, but make sure you get all the other gear that we've got some real great stuff and it's selling out quick. So check that out. And also patreon.com/ Midas Touch to help support the growth of this independent platform. We don't have outside investors, so it's one of the ways we build Jordy. Real quick before I actually send this out, I, I have a call to action for the Midas mighty look. We're looking to grow the audio of the Midas Touch podcast. We're releasing Dally hits on there. So when you're not getting this long Form Brother podcast feed, we have about four different audio podcasts going up every other day when, when we're not doing this one. So please make sure you're subscribed and please make sure that you hit five stars and leave us a comment interview. You might think you're doing the right thing by leaving us a four star, but trust me, it really helps us out. When you leave that five star, leave a positive comment. If you, you like the show I'm asking you to do that really mean a lot. We're trying to grow that audio. Make sure you're subscribed. Thank y'all so much, we're all in this together.


And as always, shout out to the, It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premiers in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to Against All Enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch Against All Enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty, let's use our power. Well.