
The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online, real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt Restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler


Protestors getting very physical there. Donald Trump is terrorizing the country right now. There were peaceful protests in Los Angeles and throughout California, and Donald Trump unlawfully federalized the National Guard and turned the National Guard against the people of Los Angeles. And then Donald Trump has put the Marines on an active ready mode, ready to attack people in Los Angeles. This is what Donald Trump always wanted. He dreamed about terrorizing this country. Donald Trump is the enemy from within. And if you think that we are going to mince words here on the Midas Touch Network, you're mistaken.


We're gonna call it out for what it is. No mincing words here. I just want to show you what was going on in la. Here's just another scene from the city. As things escalated because of the chaos from Washington DC that was thrust into peaceful protests that were taking place here, play this clip. Now. Donald Trump continues to make posts like this paid insurrectionist, exclamation point. Governor Gavin new scum and Mayor Bash should apologize to the people of Los Angeles or this post right here where Donald Trump says that he's going to liberate Los Angeles.


We will take all such action necessary to liberate Los Angeles from the migrant invasion and put an end to these migrant riots. Order will be restored, the illegals will be expelled, and Los Angeles will be set free. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Exclamation point. First off, just beyond weird that he always signs off. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Second off, you aren't liberating us. We here in Los Angeles, like love, respect the diversity that exists here. You're gonna liberate us from ourselves. Is is, is that the plan? Los Angeles, like most places in California, is a melting pot.


We are proud of our immigrant heritage and our migrant populations who are hardworking here. We all agree that if there are criminals, send the criminals out. Arrest the criminals So stipulated. That's not what the Trump regime is doing. They're going into factories with hardworking people. They're going into the farms with hardworking people, the parking lots of Home Depot with people looking to work. They're going into the courtrooms. They're waiting in the bushes outside the courthouse of people who are going through a lawful process. They are attacking the hardworking migrant community here because ICE wants to escalate situations.


And they know when they tear families apart, when they rip apart mothers who are breastfeeding their children, when they take fathers away from their newborns and kids, when they rip apart families, people get pissed off. That's what ICE wants that, and that's why they're targeting the hardworking Latino communities here in Los Angeles and throughout the country. And then they're talking about, we're going to liberate you. Let's just be clear. As I said, we don't mince words here. Donald Trump is a racist, okay? Donald Trump wants to deport the black and brown people and bring in the white people. It's really as simple as that, okay? He wants to get rid of the yes, the Cubans who you think Donald Trump likes.


He, he doesn't. Okay? He hates you. The Venezuelans, you think he likes you. He doesn't. He hates you. Whether it's the Venezuelans, the Cubans, the Colombians, the Haitians, Mexicans. I can go on and on and on. He wants them gone. Why? Because he's racist. It's the color of their skin. He doesn't like you because of that. You know who he wants to bring in the Africaners, the white Africaners from South Africa where Trump will say they're the victims of a genocide in South Africa, which is not happening. Trump will bring in the president of South Africa, fusA, president Rama. By the way. President Rama from South Africa brings in the white Afri Conner agriculture minister and says, Hey, Donald, go ask the white Afri agriculture minister who's in my government from the opposing party.


If there's a genocide, he'd think he would be here if there was a genocide. I think I'd have the white, African or agriculture minister if he was being genocided. What the hell are you talking about? And the people of South Africa and across the world are looking at this guy like he's an idiot. But that's what Trump wants. I think there's a name for that. I think it's called the replacement theory. And I think that's what they want. Again, I'm not going to mince words here. It seems pretty obvious that that's their freaking plan. By the way, Donald Trump was falling all over himself yesterday. You saw this where he fell. Here's a photo of it. He fell walking up to Air Force One as he was heading to camp. David, here's a photo of it. Here's a video of it. Let's play the clip.


And then late last night, Donald Trump posted, looking really bad in la. Then he puts in all caps, bring in the troops, bring in the troops, says Yasha. Ali says, is that an order? Is that a suggestion? What the hell is happening to America right now? Bring in the troops. And I think, by the way, after Donald Trump fell, secretary of State, Marco Rubio was told that he had to fall so that Donald Trump would not look as stupid. So Marco Rubio fell at the exact same spot so that he can make Donald Trump feel like, oh, we're all, we all fall.


Literally. Watch this. Watch Rubio play this clip. Now, who is it that warned us all about this? Who was the person that told us that this was going to happen? It's, it's as if we were given the evidence by, I don't know, someone like former vice President Kamala Harris. But the corporate media refused to focus on it when we focused on it all the time here in the Midas Touch Network. Just watch what former vice president Kamala Harris said.


This is from October 23rd, 2024, after Donald Trump's former generals came out and said that Donald Trump said that he wanted the types of military generals that Adolf Hitler had. Trump wanted those Hitler generals, is what he said. And former vice President Kamala Harris addressed the nation, but no one listened. Play the Clip. Yesterday we learned that Donald Trump's former chief of staff, John Kelly, a retired four star general, confirmed that wild Donald Trump was president. He said he wanted generals like Adolf Hitler had. Donald Trump said that because he does not want a military that is loyal to the United States Constitution, he wants a military that is loyal to him.


He wants a military who will be loyal to him personally, one that will obey his orders even when he tells them to break the law or abandon their oath to the Constitution of the United States. In just the past week, Donald Trump has repeatedly called his fellow Americans the enemy from within, and even said that he would use the United States military to go after American citizens. And let's be clear about who he considers to be the enemy from within. Anyone who refuses to bend a knee or dares to criticize him would qualify in his mind as the enemy within, like judges, like journalists, like non-partisan election officials.


It is deeply troubling and incredibly dangerous that Donald Trump would invoke Adolf Hitler, the man who is responsible for the deaths of 6 million Jews and hundreds of thousands of Americans. All of this is further evidence for the American people of who Donald Trump really is. This is a window into who Donald Trump really is from the people who know him best. Well, you listened. We listened, and are you listening now? Are you listening? Now, here's the Los Angeles Police Department chief, and here he talks about how the feds made things very difficult on the LAPD the other day play.


This clip, LAPD was not given advanced Notice that the federal operation, federal operations would occur in that area. As a result, we were not pre-positioned to respond immediately to unrest related to those actions. Once the call for assistance came in, LAPD responded within 38 minutes. And that sounds like a long time, but I'll tell you why that is. The response was impacted by traffic crowd density in the in the area with unrest occurring, hazardous conditions caused by tear gas that was previously deployed by federal agents. At the, All of this is going on. You have a real leader, president Zelinsky, who's fighting for the survival of his country.


I just want you to think about the contrast here. You have Donald Trump sending the National Guard against Americans, activating the Marines against Americans. And then you have President Zelensky in Ukraine fighting for the survival of his country. Of his country. As of Vladimir Putin sends drones and ballistic missiles on a daily basis killing innocent Ukrainians and President Zelinsky, while all this was going on was on A, B, C, and he addressed America. Here's what he said earlier yesterday. Play this clip Trump this week, comparing it to two children fighting in a park.


Sometimes you see two young children fighting like crazy. They hate each other, and they're fighting in a park, and you try and pull 'em apart. They don't wanna be pulled. Sometimes you're better off letting them fight for a while and then pulling them apart. President Zelensky strongly refuting that notion. We are not playing in the park with the Russians, like two boys, two kids. Putin is not a kid. Zelinsky said, describing him as a maniac. So we can't compare and we cannot say, okay, let them fight for a while. Zelensky adding. And it's not about President Trump. Anyone living thousands of miles away can't fully understand the pain.


Even parents who live in Ukraine cannot feel the pain of those who lost their children. The president telling the story of a man who lost his wife and three children in a missile strike who told Zelinsky every morning, I'm looking, I'm just looking for my family. I am looking everywhere in the flat. I still feel that it was a nightmare. I go outside. I see a father who holds his little girl's hand, and the girl is just like my dead daughter. I feel physical pain. I can't do anything about it. It is limitless. That's why we are not kids at the playground.


Zelinsky says, adding who is a murderer? Who came to the park to kill kids? It is something Zelinsky says he has tried to convey to President Trump, but the relationship between the two has been tumultuous. You know? And just to think about, while all this was taking place, Donald Trump was at a UFC fight. Look at him at a UFC fight. You see Ivanka behind him and Jared Kushner, you see them take a look at Kushner and them. They're laughing at you. They're laughing at you. They live in their $30 million mansions. They're laughing at you because they're taking advantage of you.


They lied to you. They think it's funny. They think you are a joke. That's the truth. That's the truth. And the you is everybody other than their little crew at Mar-a-Lago. And for the Latinas for Trump, Ilya Garcia, who led that, she write Senator, state Senator from Florida, or the Cubans for Trump. MAGA Republican, Congresswoman Salazar, you, you, you think they want you at Mar-a-Lago. You think they want you at Mar. They're laughing at you as they take your people and send them back to Cuba as they take your people and send them back to Maduro as they take your people and send them back.


Then maybe concentration camps in El Salvador, maybe Libya, who knows, who knows. And they're laughing at you at Mar-a-Lago, as Donald Trump sells his meme coins and makes billions of dollars grifting off the White House. They're laughing at you. They're laughing at you. So wake the hell up. Recognize what's going on. Know what we're fighting for, know what we're fighting against. Know how Donald Trump tries to divide us. Think for yourself. Stand up for yourself.


Stand up for your family. Have dignity. Don't join this MAGA cult. Stand up for yourself for real. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch. Drop. Check out the latest pro democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.