
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Have you seen these AI memes of Elon Musk or Elon Musk has Melania or this one? Donald Trump and Elon Musk, or this one? Actually, that last one isn't ai. I'm sorry for some for showing you those disturbing images, by the way. But there's a serious story I want to talk about here as even Trump voters are now pissed in. The ultimate leopards are eating my face moment that Elon Musk is acting as a co-president with Donald Trump. Trump voters are out there saying, we didn't vote for Elon Musk to be the co-president. And now he's walking around and he's in the meetings with Zelensky, he's meeting with Iran, he's creating fake government agencies called Doge, where he says he's gonna get rid of two or $3 trillion in government spending.


A lot of that goes to Social security, Medicare, and social service Nets that people rely on to actually live. And people are saying, can we get a mulligan here? We didn't really mean to vote for Donald Trump. We don't really want this. This is what you voted for. And it was clear that Elon Musk was going to basically run the show and serve as a co-president intermingling, potentially his business interests with government affairs. And what I believe in my opinion is all my opinion to be a the ultimate conflict of interest here. So here's the article from Mediaite Trump. Voters in focus groups slam Elon Musk's growing influence.


I didn't vote for him. Voters in a focus group who have supported President-elect Donald Trump universally said the incoming president's close relationship with Musk is not a good thing. You think Axios teamed up with engages Sego for a focus group of 14 swing state voters who all voted for Trump in 2016, some of whom swam back his way for the 2024 election. The report published on Friday revealed none of the voters. Zero for 14 were willing to call Musk's relationship to Donald Trump. A positive thing. Musk endorsed Trump and was a major supporter of his campaign. Pause there, the biggest supporter, hundreds of millions of dollars went to a PAC that supported Donald Trump.


Elon Musk was pretty much in charge of running all of the voter outreach. Elon Musk was like giving like raffles, or he said, job opportunities. A million dollars a day for people who would sign up basically to vote for Donald Trump to register to vote for Donald Trump. Oh, but by the way, I know Republicans really wanted to stop Democrats from helping give people water who have to wait on crazy long lines so that they can vote because a lot of red states are voter suppressed states. But I digress. Trump announced that Musk will lead what he's calling the Department of Government Efficiency or Doge, which is meant to look at cutting back on government.


Pause there for a second. So Donald Trump, by Fiat like a dictator, is creating a fake government agency that never existed before called Doge. It is based on the meme coin, the scammy meme coin with the same scammy meme coin logo that I think it's believed that Elon Musk had or has or ha yeah, once had or has an interest in Doge. So there's already, in my opinion, a conflict of interest attended to the relationship right there. VIIA, Vek, Rambo Swami and Elon Musk are leading this thing. And when you go on Twitter, which is now X, it has a gray check mark signifying it is an official government account, even though it's not an official government account, but they are masquerading like it is to what rule over the people to cut important safety social nets that lots of Americans actually rely on.


It goes on to say in this article of the 14 swing state voters polled through two online panels. 12 of them were familiar with Musk being an advisor to Trump. Five called it a bad thing while seven did not know how to respond, but none would describe this relationship as good. All 14 voters supported Trump in 2016 and then swung to Joe Biden in 2020. In 24, 24 5 swung back to Trump, another five backed Harris, and another four voted for a third party. I think it'll favor his Tesla company and he'll get the majority of the breaks. And just by throwing a couple of hundred million dollars on Trump's campaign, they're going to look the other way, says George L out of Phoenix, Arizona. Pierre D out of Las Vegas, Nevada said Musk's very good at business, but not someone who earned a single vote.


He's very good, obviously at business, but I didn't elect him. I didn't vote for him. The voter said, questioning what Musk's agenda will be. Quote, there's nothing in my opinion, El in Elon Musk's history that shows that he's got the best interest of the country or its citizens in mind. According to Axios, the five who called the Musk Trump relationship bad are a mix of 20, 24 Trump voters, Harris voters, and third party voters. The group also gave their opinions on another controversial advisor to Trump. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. The ones independent presidential candidate, has been tapped by Trump to serve as his health and human services secretary, stirring a backlash due to Ken, due to Kennedy's longtime criticism of various vaccines. How about the fact that he also said that he wants to do a moratorium on studying infectious diseases?


Only one outta the 14 voters described Kennedy's Association with Trump as a good thing. Well, okay, you 14 Trump voters, what were you doing? What were you, where were you? Because during the campaign, if you watch Trump's speeches, Trump would say, Robert F. Kennedy, I'm gonna make him in charge of health. I'm gonna make him in charge of women. Women. You're gonna be forced to be protected by Robert Kennedy. And then Donald Trump said, Elon's gonna run things. Elon's gonna run things. So much so that Governor Walls made the comment that Elon Musk's is Donald Trump's actual running mate, not JD Vance. And, and Governor Walls refer to Elon Musk as a dipshit for his behavior.


Remember when Governor Walls said this, here play the clip. And that's not a joke. Well, look, I'm not gonna waste all the time I'm in. I'm gonna talk about his running mate. His running mate, Elon Musk. Seriously, Seriously, where is Senator Vance? After he got asked the simplest question in the world at the debate, did Donald Trump lose the 2020 election? And after two weeks, he finally said, no, he didn't. That's where he is. Been spending his time. But that's it. So look, Elon's on that stage, jumping around, skipping like a dip shit on these things.


You know it.


Alright, be honest with me for a second. Have you ever stood in the wine aisle staring at rows and rows of bottles, completely clueless about what to pick? It used to be such a time suck for me until I discovered our next sponsor. Naked Wines. These folks have completely changed the wine game for me. This podcast is sponsored by Naked Wines. Naked Wines is a subscription service that connects you directly to some of the world's finest independent wine makers. So you can get top tier award-winning wine delivered right to your door. And with our code Midas, that's MEIDAS, you can snag six bottles for just 39 point 99. Pretty sweet, right? I just cracked open a bottle of Naked Wines laid a shipment the other night. I got this incredible cabernet. And let me tell you, it was perfect for a laid back evening with my family. What I love most about Naked Wines is the experience. It's not just about drinking wine, it's about hitting pause on all the noise, turning off the phone, and just being in the moment with friends and family. Naked Wines isn't just about great wine, it's about connecting people. They support over 90 independent wine makers from around the world. And each bottle you get has a story behind it. Honestly, I love that. Plus, it's so easy to find something you love because their quiz matches you to bottles based on your taste. Each shipment feels like it's made just for me. And the best part, you could pause or cancel anytime. So even if you've got a trip coming up, there's no stress about missing out on your next box of wine, now is the perfect time to join Naked Wines community. Head to Naked Wines dot com slash Midas and use our code Midas. Remember, that's MEIDAS, that's both the code and the password. And you'll get six Bottles of Wine for just 39 99 shipping included. That's Naked Wines dot com slash midas. Use code Midas for six bottles of wine at just 39, 9 9.


So now Elon Musk is meeting with world leaders as a unelected, but basically the main ambassador for the United States, although we did not elect him to do that. He's on the phone with Zelinsky, and it should be noted that he previously had said some pretty bad things about Zelinsky. You know, before he was posting all those right wing kind of anti zelensky memes. You know, Musk is around Donald Trump like 24 7 Now. He was with Donald Trump. When Trump spoke to the House Republicans, he got a standing ovation right there. And you know, one of the messages also that's being sent in my opinion, is that because Elon Musk is spending hundreds of millions of dollars, potentially billions of dollars now on election, which by the way was made possible thanks to the Citizens United decision, which destroyed bipartisan campaign finance reform by saying that corporations are people and have a First Amendment right to contribute Unli unlimited funds in campaigns, you know, without any types of safeguards or checks or balances.


That decision was what? 12, 15 years ago. The message is sent to all of these kind of nagas out there that you know, if you want Musk to support your campaign, just go along with it. You gotta give him everything you know. And by the way, when Musk then wins these elections, it's a, it's a loop, if you will, because then the value of his stocks go up. And he makes more money by getting the people he wants to be put in place, elected. And by being on phone calls with foreign leaders, the message is clear that you gotta do deals with him or else. Here's an article that came out of The New Republic, which is also reported by NBC. They claim that Elon Musk is pissing off everyone on Trump's team because he's behaving like the co-president.


He's taking credit for Trump's win. He's bragging how it was his PAC and X, which was Twitter that allowed Trump to win and that Trump should be indebted to him. Should also be noted, of course, that Elon Musk had previously said that there will be hardship and turmoil that we will face if Trump wins when they start slashing and taking away all of the, you know, slashing 2 trillion from the budget. And now we're seeing economists. Some are predicting even a better chance of recession than this, but at least a 75% chance of recession now. But this is what Elon Musk warned about. He said, I'm going to inflict hardship on you.


You're gonna, if you're gonna have hardship, you're gonna face a ton of hardship. Now, here are just some reactions on Reddit to all of this right now. They're saying, oh, but these voters all did vote for Elon Musk. They all knew this game of Fox didn't tell me, doesn't make it any better. You went out of your way not to do your homework, your vote, your doge, your face, your leopard. Don't worry if anyone can save the low and middle class. It's too narcissistic billionaires. It's not like Donald Trump literally lives in a penthouse with golden toilet bowls. That's a man of the people right there. Their goal is to abolish the middle class and create worker drones that can be ruthlessly abused just like they had in their boyhood in South Africa.


This one individual says, other people are saying, that's what I don't understand. When people say that, electing the former guy as a repudiation of the elites, this is a billionaire who lives in a penthouse decked with golden toilets. Like, what are you talking about? It's in large part due to Donald representing a shaking up of the system, which he has done and will do to even more disastrous effect. He's constantly attacking our institutions, government, healthcare, the border, and attacking everything. So the Democratic Party has to defend institutions, and it's a strategy that leads many to actually vote for him and against their own interests. You see the Doge account right there, and also Elon Musk posted that he's going to, he's only looking to have people who work 80 hours, 80 hours a week for this Doge, for this made up government agency.


They have to apply through X, they have to apply through Twitter, they have to have verified accounts if they want access to these government jobs. And that's where they're being told to apply to for a made up government job. That's something that doesn't exist. So again, this is a leopards eating face moment. But Trump voters are regretting that Elon Musk is serving as a co-president and unelected co-president who has his own interest at heart. But that's what you get. That's what you voted for. We're gonna do our best here at the Minus Touch Network to call attention to all of this stuff. That's all we can do. We're gonna keep calling it out. So hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. We're gonna keep growing this platform.


We, the people are gonna prevail. We're the people. You know, you can con your way into this, but we, the people are gonna prevail. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash Newsletter. Post Malone presents the big ass stadium tour with Jelly Roll and special guests, Sierra Ferrell in select cities. Presale for city card members is available now@livenation.com.