
She's totally unfit for office. No one respects her. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. And something is clearly wrong with her. Something is wrong with her. Something's wrong with her. And something's wrong with his vice president. He is off. Donald Trump is speaking in Greensboro, North Carolina. This may be the most nuts rally I've covered. And that's saying a lot here. Donald Trump accuses Vice President, Kamala Harris of being sleepy and having no energy. Play the clip. That's a big group back there. You know where Kamala is today? They don't want to tell you. She's No, no, no.


You don't know where she is. You know where she is. She's sleeping. She took a day off. She's got no energy at all. She, her speeches last for about 15 minutes. And again, this follows Donald Trump continuously falling asleep at events. It's always projection and confession. This is what Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign put out earlier in the day when Donald Trump fell asleep at an event. Play the clip For the killer of his wife. But you know, this is the root cause. If root causes greed and power and we have a president who loves us, you know we're exploiting our children. But something happened after Then.


Donald Trump attacks Vice President, Kamala Harris saying she's a low IQ individual. And then he says, and praises President G, who he says is brilliant, play this clip. We're Gonna have it back there very soon with four more years of Kamala Harris. North. Carolina will be an economic wasteland. That's what's gonna happen. The rest of your companies are gonna move out. Everybody knows that. The smart people know she's the only one that doesn't know it. Low iq, she's a low IQ individual. And we've had that for four years. We don't need another four. No country could take that. Can you imagine what President Xi? You know, I got to know him very well.


He's a fierce individual. The press, the fake news hates when I say that. He's a brilliant man. He runs 1.4 billion people with an iron fist. If I say he's a brilliant man, they say he called him a bro. Okay? He's not a smart man at all. These people are crazy back there. I'm telling you. Donald Trump then calls former President Barack Obama, another beauty, and say he's the one who divides the country. Play the clip. Is it him? He goes, he goes, Obama's running it. Obama. That's another beauty Obama. He did great, didn't he? He did great. If you like a divided country.


He was a great, he was fabulous Obama. He was a real beauty. And then Donald Trump credits his friend Kim Jong-Un and says, Kim Jong-un believes Obama is a jerk. Play the clip. He's a fierce man. I get along with him very well. Putin. These are people that are tough people. Kim Jon in North Korea, nuclear weapons all over the place. I said, you ever do anything else? Go to a game. Do something. You know, he loves producing nuclear weapons. That's what he likes producing. And he's got a lot of 'em. And he has no respect for our leadership now. And he doesn't respect, he didn't respect Obama. He thought Obama was a real jerk.


A real jerk. And I think he's a real jerk. 'cause I've watched him campaign over the last couple of, over the last couple of days. I watched him campaign. What a divider he is, right? What a divider he is. He divided this country. He couldn't care less him and his little group of people. He was, he was, he was terrible. But I then, Donald Trump says that former President Barack Obama looked sleepy and exhausted at time. Donald Trump's talking about himself. Here, play this clip. They're bringing out Obama. I say, oh, they did that with Hillary Clinton. Good.


I'm glad they're bringing him out. The reason they're bringing him out. 'cause he doesn't want to do it. I think he's ex I, think he's exhausted. I watched him talk and I think the guy's exhausted and I I never say a guy's looking old, but he's looking a little bit older, isn't he? You know, there's nothing wrong with that. Nothing wrong. But he's exhausted. He's ex. And then Vice President, Kamala Harris has a number of very famous surrogates. Everybody from Eminem to Taylor Swift to Bruce Springsteen and Lizzo and Donald. Trump goes and, and Usher and so many more. And Donald Trump goes, who are these people? Who are these? So-called stars, I've never heard of them before. Here play this clip.


You Know the reason they bring 'em out? Oh, and other people, they're bringing out all these other people, you know, nobody goes to their rallies. Nobody goes to, so you know what they do? They bring in, so-called stars. Stars that I've never even heard of. You know, these are not stars to me. These are not stars to me. But they bring out some people. And what happens is the star comes in, they get a little bit of a crowd. They don't get crowds like this, and they have guitars. I don't, okay, I got nothing up here. By the way. We take a look at Donald Trump's surrogates like Ted Nugent, who go on stage and say that President Zelinsky of Ukraine is a homosexual weirdo.


That's what Donald Trump's surrogates are out there saying, play this clip. I want my money back. I didn't authorize any money to Ukraine to some homosexual weight weirdo. I wanted my money back.


So did you know that over 2 billion plastic razors end up in US landfills each year? It's a staggering number I know. And it's just one of the many reasons why we need to rethink our shaving habits. Henson shaving is leading the charge in this revolution. Let's join it together. Their razors are made of aluminum with no plastic in sight, not even in the packaging. And get this, they work with standard dual edge blades that cost less than 10 cents each. Once you have a Henson razor, you're looking at just three to $5 per year for blade replacements. It's a win for your wallet and a win for the environment. It's time to say no to subscriptions and yes to a razor that will last you a lifetime. So visit Henson shaving.com/midas and pick the razor for you and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And you'll get two years worth of blades free with your razor. Just make sure to add them to your cart. That's 100 free blades when you head to H-E-N-S-O-N-S-H-A-V-I-N g.com/midas and use that code Midas.


Then, while this is going on, I'll show you more of that in a moment here. Vice President Kamala Harris gave an NBC interview. And she is, questions they ask her are so bizarre. She's asked here about her gender and why she doesn't talk more about her gender. Here play this clip. You've been reluctant to lean into to talk about the historic nature of your candidacy on the campaign trail. Why is that? Well, I'm clearly a woman. I don't mean to point that out to anyone. The the point that most people really care about is can you do the job and do you have a plan to actually focus on them? I you on that. And that is, that is why I spend the majority of my time listening and then addressing the concerns, the challenges, the dreams, the ambitions, and the aspirations of the American people.


They deserve to have a president who's focused on them as opposed to a Donald Trump who's constantly focused on himself. I think that's part of why people are exhausted with Donald Trump and his approach, because it's all about himself and his personal grievances. And not about the American people. Not about how are you gonna help families? How are you gonna help small businesses? How are you gonna strengthen our economy? These are the things I'm focused on. I'm focused on investing in the new industries on which America should lead and be a global leader Here. She's asked about whether she would, pardon Donald Trump if she wins, Play the clip. It is entirely possible that the federal court cases against the former president will continue on. He is of course facing those felony charges.


Would you consider if you win and he's convicted a pardon for former President Trump? I'm not gonna get into those hypotheticals. I'm focused on the next 14 days. But do you believe, is there any part of you that subscribes to the argument that has been made in the past that a pardon could help bring America together, could help unify the country and move them, move on. Lemme tell you what's gonna help us move on. I get elected president of of the United States. One of the things you've talked about is having, Again, What kind of questions are they even asking here and here? She talks about how Donald Trump is trying to cover up the fact that his plan is to take away people's healthcare, play this glue That Donald Trump is running tens of millions of dollars in ads to talk about two cases, to distract from the fact that his policy and plan is also to take away the, the Affordable Care Act, which provides healthcare for tens of millions of people in our country.


That his plan is to undo the cap, the $35 a month cap on insulin that impacts millions of seniors in our country. That his plan is to do away with the $2,000 cap on prescription medication, the annual cap. That his plan is To, get rid of the Department of Education, which would mean getting rid of Head Start. That his plan is to give tax cuts to billionaires and big corporations and on the backs of middle class working people. So let's not get distracted by the issues that, to your point, from the introductory point you raised, people wanna know that their president has a plan.


Now, back to Donald Trump's awful event in Greensboro, North Carolina, after saying all the stuff I showed you earlier. Then he goes and talks about this Play, the clip. And those french fries were good. They were good. They were right out of the, they were right outta whatever the hell they may come out it, but they were no, but think of it. And the press refuses to acknowledge, Here's more from Donald Trump right here, let's play it. You know, the green news scam is terrible. You know whose idea that was, right? A OC young girl, very nice person. She never even studied the environment in college.


Average student, at best, she was an average student. She walked in one day, she said, we're gonna all be dead in 12 years because the oceans are rising. Well, that's, it's been more than 12 years. What's going on now? We have a much bigger threat. We have a threat called nuclear weapons and having stupid people running our country. And if you talk about global warming, that's the real global warming, not this nonsense of the ocean's going to rise over the next 400 years by one eighth of an inch. And we're gonna be wiped out. Now we have a threat right now. We better get smart because we're very close to World War iii. If you take a look at what's going on, we're very close.


So we have a couple of different areas, but we'll have more than that. And you can, And here he's, again, I'll Play the clip, Have a license that's worth billions of dollars. They don't pay anything. Neither does NBC, fake news and a B, C fake news is really one of the worst. I will tell you A, B, C. But this is CBS. They don't pay for, they use our airwaves, they don't pay anything. And then you hear that 60 Minutes, which is a news show. It's under their news Division. So they're not allowed, this isn't an entertainment show, Folks. It gets from bad to even worse. I don't even know what he's talking about. Play the clip, The greatest movement in political history. And I know, oh look, there's Uncle Sam back there.


Look at that guy. He shook my hand. This guy's got the hardest handshake. My hand is still recovering from his handshake. Uncle Sam, how are you More from this horrific rally? You can tell it's low energy. People do not wanna be here. Here. Play the clip. Stupid. She didn't know where the hell she was going. Does she drink? Is she on drugs? I? Don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I have no idea. She writes 60 minutes. You know, big 60 minute CB s, you know they have to be licensed by the federal government. They should take their license away. What? Just show you a few more of this.


So you get the point. Here he is again, let's play it. And to expedite removals of trend UA and other Savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of that. 1798. Oh, why? That's when we had real politicians, real people, real people that knew what to do. Not these weak woke fools. So I have to go back to 1798. Can you believe it? But it's a strong one. Think of it. Alien Enemies Act of 1798. They used it to, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil to make our people safe.


And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty. And we have to do this. I'm calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or an enforcement, law enforcement Officer. Show you two more Play, the clip. I will rescue every town across America that's been invaded and conquered. They're conquering, they're conquering towns.


And these fools, these fools, these stupid people back there, the media, they're not, they gonna say, oh, he used the word conquer. He used, you know, the governor of Colorado. He is a radical left Democrat. He's petrified of, he doesn't know what to do. And we will put these vicious and blood thirsty criminals in a jail or kick them the hell out of our country as fast as we can. And again, just bizarre, dangerous, weird. Let's Play the clip. In the last year alone, over 70,000 illegal aliens from China have crossed our border. You know about that. Many of them military aged men.


70,000 in a year, 70,000. That's getting to be Army territory. And that's the equivalent of over 14 brigades or five army divisions of Chinese illegals that have penetrated our country. Again, these are military aged, mostly men, almost all men. Isn't that wonderful? Isn't that nice? No. Under borders of Harris, she has no idea. She, she, the woman doesn't have a clue. Again, she's sleeping now while I'm working my ass off. Well, there you have it, folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.