
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance rounds around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions


This MLB season, FanDuel S Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


DR. Power Equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop this sale.


Donald Trump is having a meltdown on late Sunday afternoon as the strikes on Iran do not seem to have been as successful as he initially claimed. He's now posting make Iran great again and calling for regime change. And this follows earlier today, Donald Trump's Secretary of Defense, Pete. He saying that there is no intention for regime change. And then Donald Trump's Vice President, JD Vance, went on the morning shows and said the United States is not pursuing regime change. But here Donald Trump is saying, MIGA make Iran great again and regime change.


Here's what he posted. He goes, it's not politically correct to use the term regime change. But if the current Iranian regime is unable to make Iran great again, why wouldn't there be regime change? Question mark. Make Iran great again. Exclamation point. Exclamation point. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, just when the paid MAGA shills got done, cranking out 36 hours of post to their divided cult, that this was only about nukes and not about regime change. Trump does it again.


Now, this was earlier today when JD Vance was on Meet the Press and he says, our view has been very clear and has not changed. We don't want regime change. Here's JD Vance saying it play this clip. Well look, that's up to the Israelis. But our view has been very clear that we don't want a regime change. We do not want to protract this or build this out any more than it's already been built out. We want to end their nuclear program. And then we want to talk to the Iranians about a long-term settlement here. Now here's defense secretary Pete Hegseth saying the mission was not and has never been about regime change, the exact opposite of what Donald Trump just posted.


Play this clip. Yeah. So is regime change off the table, Mr. Secretary and to the chairman? You know, you you, you said the battle damage assessment is still ongoing, but do you believe that some nuclear capability in Iran remains? This mission was not and has not been about regime change. The president authorized a precision operation to neutralize the threats to our national interests posed by the Iranian nuclear program and the collective self-defense of our troops and our ally Israel. Now Donald Trump is posting that the, he posted this as well about a half hour ago.


The damage to the nuclear sites in Iran is said to be quote, monumental. The hits were hard and accurate. Great skill was shown by our military. Thank you. Exclamation point. However, that's not what the intelligence seems to be showing right now. It seems that the Fordo complex was not completely destroyed. There's also a bunch of messages as well coming out from JD Vans and others like this from the Wall Street Journal. JD Vans signals that Iran still controls enriched uranium stockpile.


So that would seem to undercut everything that Donald Trump is saying. There also, even Israel's prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says, the extent of damages is still to be seen. Again, more hedging right there. Also, this is what CNBC was reporting moments ago. US is now calling on China to prevent Iran from closing the straight of MOUs and disrupting global oil flows. So the United States, which was once a superpower, now has to go and beg China's leader, Xi Jinping, to help stop Iran from disrupting global oil flows.


So Trump is begging Xi Jing Ping right now. That's what is taking place. Also. Donald Trump is posting the following. Just look at the way this visually looks. It looks like a crazy person wrote this. And Donald Trump in this message is attacking Thomas Massey of Kentucky. And here's what he says. Congressman Thomas Massey of Kentucky is not maga. Even though he likes to say he is actually Maga doesn't want him, doesn't know him, and doesn't respect him. He's a negative force who almost always votes no, no matter how good something may be.


He's a simple minded grandstander who thinks it's good politics for Iran to have the highest level nuclear weapon while at the same time yelling death to America at every chance they get. Iran has killed in maim thousands of Americans and even took over the embassy in Tehran under the Carter administration. We had a spectacular military success yesterday taking the bomb right out of their hands and they would use it if they could. But as usual, and despite the praise and accolades received this lightweight congressman is against what was so brilliantly achieved the last night in Iran. Masi is weak and effective and votes no on virtually everything put before him.


Rand Paul Jr. And then Donald Trump goes on and just continues to whine there. But you see, oh, you know I had to do it.


Mo four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using mobster like tactics to crush American family farms and with the additives they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security. It's called mok. I said at the beginning, Mok mok, the business is simple. Mo's meat comes from animals raised outdoors where a pig is free to be a pig. Their farmers are given an honest day's, pay for an honest day's work, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices that you can actually afford. Born, raised, and harvested right here in the United States. Support American Family Farms and join the MO movement today at mo box.com/midas. Touch right now and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free, but for a limited time, here's how you spell it. M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's mok box.com/midas touch.


He is attacking Republicans for basically reiterating what Donald Trump's campaign position was, which was no wars in the Middle East. But of course we know that Trump was lying. Donald Trump also posted the following. He refers to himself as Donna. He spells his name wrong. Here's what he posts. The great B two pilots have just landed safely in Missouri. Thank you for a job well done. Then he spells his name Donk, D-O-N-A-K-D-J, Trump, president of the United States. And it's just, you know, post after post like this looking incredibly, incredibly erratic.


What other information are we learning right now as well? There's something called Pickax Mountain, that there's another Iran, lesser known underground nuclear facility that's actually deeper than Fordo, which may have enriched uranium as well, or may be a place where there is nuclear capabilities. Iran is claiming that they've been able to remove the nuclear capabilities before the attack on Forea. Lots of leaders in Iran are claiming that the Trump regime choreographed when the strikes would take place because the Trump regime was hoping it would just be a one-off strike the way they killed Soleimani in 2020, and then that the Trump regime would just move on and that enabled Iran to move some of its weapons or move some of its materials outside of those facilities.


We also know that Iran's foreign minister is now taking a trip to meet with Vladimir Putin as we speak. He's gonna be flying to Russia as part of a defense pact between Russia and Iran that Donald Trump clearly does not or didn't know about or or take into account for, but of Trump knew basics about politics. He would know that you have Israel media Channel 13 reporting the following. The Iranian nuclear program cannot be destroyed with bombs even if we attack it for another year with the Americans.


So it seems as it is becoming more clear that this attack was not as effective as advertised. The Trump regime is changing its view on it and now it's regime, train regime change and make Iran great again. I wanna share this with you because this happened a little bit earlier as well, where you had Marco Rubio on Face the Nation and he was asked, why would you do this if your intelligence said that Iran couldn't build a nuclear weapon anytime soon? And Rubio goes, well that's irrelevant here, play this clip. Are You saying there that the United States did not see intelligence that the supreme leader had ordered weaponization?


That's irrelevant. I see that question being asked on the media. All that's an irrelevant question. They had to Need build weapon. That is the key point in US intelligence assessments. You know that? No, it's not. Yes it was. No, it's not. The political decision had not, I know that better than you know that. And I know that that's not the case. But I'm asking whether the order was given About and the people who say that it doesn't matter if the order was given, they have everything they need to build nuclear weapons. Why would you bury, why would you bury things in a mountain 300 feet under the ground? Right? Why would you bury six? Why do they have 60% rich uranium? You don't need 60% rich uranium. The only countries in the world that have uranium at 60% are countries that have nuclear weapons, right? 'cause they can just quickly make it 90. They have all the elements they have. Why are they, why do they have a space program? Is Iran gonna go to the moon?


No. They're trying to build an ICBM put That's they put on. That's a a question. That's a question of intent. And, and you know, in the intelligence assessment that it was that Iran wanted to be a threshold state. How do you know what the in in Intelligence assessment Says? I'm talking about the public. Do you know what the in intelligent assessment Says? March assessment. And that's why I was asking you if you know something more from March, But that's also an inaccurate given representation of it. That's inaccurate representation of it. That's not how intelligence is read. That's not how intelligence is used. Here's Now, why would that be irrelevant? Wouldn't that be most relevant before getting the US into protracted wars in Iran? And finally, Donald Trump's been attacking again, MAGA Republican Thomas Massey for basically saying the things that Trump was saying before.


And here's Thomas Massey this morning on Face the Nation, you could see for yourself, let's play it. The Speaker of the House who is from your own party has really rejected this. He says, the article one Power of Congress really allows for the president to do this. It was a limited, necessary targeted strike. He says, Well, he's probably referring to the War Powers Act of 1973. But that's been misinterpreted. There were no imminent threat to the United States, which was what would authorize that. And I think that's peculiar to hear that from the Speaker of the House. Look, Congress was on vacation last week when all this was happening. You haven't Been briefed on Any visits.


We haven't been briefed. They should have called us all back. And frankly, we should have debated this war Powers resolution that Rohan and I offered instead of staying on vacation and doing fundraisers and saying, oh, well the president's got this under control. We're gonna cede our constitutional authority Ro Con. There you have it, folks. Trump having a afternoon meltdown. We'll keep you posted every step of the way here on the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. Let's keep growing this network together and getting out the truth. Thank you. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more.


all@store.midastouch.com


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.