
The NBA 82 game grind is done and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


May get a little excited when you shop at Burlington Price. They have my favorite brand. It's like a whole new BU dog. Ah, I need to buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


What's the matter, Donald? You're having a terrible Easter. Is it because millions of people across the world and in the United States protested your regime once again this weekend? Is it because your approval is plummeting? Americans think you're handling the economy disastrously. Is it because Donald, no countries want to cut a deal with you because you've extorted them over and over again? Is it because little kids are going to the protests and mocking you and mocking your regime? Why is it Donald? Is it because Easter's a time when people spend the day with their family and show love and empathy and you don't know what that means.


All you have is vile hate in your heart. Here's what Donald Trump is posting this morning on Easter. Donald Trump posts happy Easter to all, including the radical left lunatics who are fighting and scheming so hard to bring murderers, drug lords, dangerous prisoners, the mentally insane and well-known MS 13 gang members and wife beaters back into our country. Pause. Donald. You are a felon. You Donald are a criminal. 34 times over 34 felony counts. Donald, you are a sexual abuser.


You were found liable for sexual assault. Hey Donald, you are a fraud. I think if anyone needs to go to El Salvador, frankly it's you and other criminals in your regime. But I digress. Let me keep on reading. Trump goes, happy Easter also to the weak and ineffective, and he puts that in caps judges and law enforcement officials who are allowing this sinister attack on our nation to continue an attack so violent, it will never be forgotten. Exclamation point, sleepy Joe Biden purposefully, blah, blah, blah, blah. Wha wha like a little baby.


No offense to little petulant babies, Donald, because they have far more maturity than you, but yes, Donald, it's what a nine to zero Supreme Court ruling saying, you know what? We are a nation of due process facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia. Is that the radical left ineffective judges? You're talking about Donald, or how about the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeal Judge, judge Wilkinson, a Reagan appointee whose law clerks go on to work at the Supreme Court. Someone who's viewed as one of the biggest conservative judges in this country said that what you are doing is so unlawful and authoritarian and wrote one of the most scathing opinions ever.


I is that one of these leftist ineffective judges, or maybe Donald, you are a felon. You are a criminal, you are a fraud, you're a liar. Heck, even justice alitos dissent and that emergency order blocking the additional group of victims in Texas, the migrants to be sent to the concentration camp in El Salvador. He was saying, you need to comply with the order to provide due process to each of the migrants. Justice Alito though said, well, we believe that the Trump administration's going to do that and he's gonna follow our order. While seven other justices of the Supreme Court said, we don't trust you, Donald.


Donald Trump went on to post the following on Easter morning. We are together going to make America bigger, better, stronger, wealthier, healthier and more religious than it has ever been before. And then he puts this in caps 'cause he's a deranged, demented, lunatic. Donald J. Trump, president of the United States of America. Exclamation point, exclamation point, exclamation point. Well, why don't we go in reverse order there, Donald. You wanna make America more religious? This is coming from, again, you a sexual abuser, somebody who brags about sexually assaulting women. And you say, because you are rich, they let you get away with it.


And then you go and speak in front of a group of young Republican teenagers and say that you heard that was one of the most courageous things you've ever done, calling sexually harassing women locker room talk And that that makes you a strong person. Okay, let's keep going Healthier. You appointed anti-vaxxer RFK Junior to say the most hateful things about autism to already spread lies. And now we have measles outbreaks throughout the country as you gut the N-I-H-C-D-C and as you attack people's Medicaid, Medicare and social security wealthier. Hey Donald, the last time I looked at the markets, they are down significantly down off their highs under former President Biden in terms of wealthier, have people look at their 4 0 1 ks and pensions and life savings.


I think the facts, Donald, although you don't live In fact, so you live in fraud, speak for themselves that you are a disaster on the economy. So no wonder the new CNBC poll shows your approval on the economy dropping to the lowest of even your first term as well. Lower than it even was during CO. Oh, by the way, Donald, your approval rating among Republicans and GOP leaning independents has fallen 15% at this point. 15%. Donald America absolutely hates you. We're gonna make us stronger. We're weaker by far. You have China now cutting deals with Japan, South Korea, Europe, Australia.


You have NATO looking elsewhere. America is isolated as a pariah regime viewed by the world as even weirder than Kim Jong-un Donald. So definitely didn't make us stronger and you're gonna make us bigger and better, bigger and better, Donald in what way? By threatening to annex and conquer our allies who are now boycotting the United States of America's products and tourism. Our tourism is down so significantly from Canada and Europe and elsewhere. It's going to cost our nation at least $90 billion. And frankly, I think it's going to be more than that, but you don't care, Donald. There you are with Elon Musk and your billionaire buddies writing your stupid tweets and your dumb posts on Easter like a petulant little 3-year-old.


No offense to petulant three Yearold


This time of year. It's time to shake off those winter blues to get ready for a fresh start and that includes your hair. I've been using the iRestore lead and I've gotta say I was skeptical at first, but this thing is legit. I pop it on when I'm watching TV or answering emails completely hands-free, super comfortable and honestly kind of relaxing over time. I started noticing less shedding and more regrowth, especially around my temples where I noticed a little bit of thinning. I've tried other LED devices before, but none of them felt this effortless or gave me these kinds of results. The iRestore Elite is in a league of its own with 282 lasers and LEDs that deliver light therapy right to your scalp. It's like a spa day for your hair follicles. So give yourself the gift of hair confidence this spring for a limited time only. Our listeners get $625 off their iRestore Elite when you use code Midas Plus at iRestore laser.com. That's $625 off your iRestore Elite at iRestore laser.com with promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Please support our show and tell them we sent you hair loss is frustrating. You don't have to fight it alone thanks to iRestore.


Oh, and then you posted this this morning, you posted State Regime Media Fox and here's the Chiron from Fox. Experts warn China poised to interfere in Trump tariff deal with eu. I want you to watch this video that Donald Trump posted. I'm only gonna show you like 30 seconds of it. 'cause the Fox host goes, what a difference that administration makes. China is so frazzled, they're so scared of the United States, they're now cutting deals with the European Union and they're blocking Donald Trump from doing deals with the European Union on tariffs. Look how good Donald Trump is doing. I'm watching this and I'm like, look, north Korea's watching this and saying, could we get these people to help Kim Jong loon here?


Watch this. Fox News contributor and author of the a hundred year Marathon. Michael Pillsbury joins us now. Michael, always great to have you on. So first of all, what a difference a president makes. I've never seen China on the hot seat like this in a long time. Tell us what you're seeing and what you expect with this potentially seeing China interfere with this EU trade deal. 'cause it seems like that's the only way they can go. Well, the Chinese want a much better deal with the Europeans than than they have with us, But y'all see what's going on there, right? The European union's like, why would we cut deals with you, Donald? An extortionist? Okay, the European Union sent its chief negotiator to talk about the tariffs and left saying, what the hell is Donald Trump even talking about?


Japan's chief negotiator left the White House without a deal saying, what are these crazy people in the White House even talking about? Trump can't even cut deals with our allies on these reciprocal tariffs, which are based on a fake and fraudulent formula. Surprise, surprise, the fraud makes fraudulent formulas to attack allies more than adversaries. And by the way, that formula was not applied to Russia. It was not applied to the Taliban, but it was applied to the European Union and to penguins and to our own military bases on foreign islands. Absolutely ridiculous. And speaking of absolutely ridiculous on Easter, here's the headline from Politico Bonkers Crazy Pants American diplomats shaken by reports of New State Department cuts purported executive order by Donald Trump, which is gonna be released this week, calls for slashing state department offices and bureaus overhauling how diplomatic posts work, getting rid of like all of these diplomatic outposts that promote democracy in Africa and Europe and elsewhere.


One US diplomat described the draft to Politico as bonkers crazy pants. You could give infinite monkeys, infinite typewriters, and they would come up with something better than that. And this follows the State Department shutting down its foreign offices to block Russian disinformation because Secretary of State, Marco Rubio in an actual release, this is real says protecting and championing free speech at the State Department. That Russia's disinformation campaign in the US is a form of free speech that should be promoted. That's in his release right there.


There you have it. Trump's Easter. Will keep you posted with more here on the Midas Touch Network. Thank you for watching. Thank you for having us here at the Midas Touch Network in your homes on this Easter Day for all who celebrate Easter. Happy Easter to those who celebrate Passover. Happy last day of Passover. For all of those, just enjoying the weekend. Enjoy your weekend. We appreciate your support so, so much. And hit subscribe. And let's get to 5 million subscribers. Have a good one. Can't Get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.