
As we get closer to the election, vice President Kamala Harris and certain outside groups like the Lincoln Project are putting out some of their best ads yet going after Donald Trump and also appealing to all types of voters across the United States of America to vote for democracy. Here's the latest from Vice President Kamala Harris. She's running this in Arizona. It uses the words of the Republican mayor, John Gilles, a Republican mayor of Mesa, Arizona here, watch this in Cities like mine. Folks look out for each other. They put their community first. I'm a lifelong Republican, but I've always put country over party and I know Donald Trump's second term would be all about himself. That's why like so many other Republicans, I cannot support Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, and I may not agree on everything, but I do know that she will always put country first.


If we're gonna make progress as a country, we have to have an adult in the White House. That's why I am supporting Kamala Harris. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. This next ad comes from the Lincoln project. They call it access of influence. Let's play it. They came to America not to be American, but to change what America meant. They carry with them agendas that undermine our way of life and our culture. They take American jobs and take over. American companies broadcast propaganda and endanger our sovereignty poisoning democracy. Who are they? Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, Rupert Murdoch. They are the new axis of evil and they are here to help anyone but themselves, his running mate, their guy.


I believe that we actually do have a threat to democracy in this country, but it is the threat of censorship. His agenda, their agenda, The United States will be the crypto capital of the planet and The world. His mouth, their words, He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no. Other than day one, They're even using Trump to scare Americans and claiming immigrants are dangerous. In their case, they're right. Here's another one from Vice President Kamala Harris's team here. She uses Trump's own staffers words against them. Let's play it. I worked in the Trump administration. Never in a million years did I ever think that I'd be working in the White House with a president that didn't care about the American people.


He would suggest not giving disaster relief to states that hadn't voted for Him. I remember one time after a wildfire in California, he wouldn't send relief because if it was a Democratic state, so we went as far as looking up how many votes he got in those impacted areas to show him these are people who voted for you. This isn't normal. The job of the president is to protect Americans regardless of politics. If Trump selected again, there'll be no one to stop his worst instincts, you'll have yes, Matt, help him implement Project 2020 five's agenda, unchecked power, no guardrails. They will be serving one man. I am voting for Kamala Harris because she will put the safety and security of every American first, whether they voted for her or not.


Here's the next ad. This one's from the Lincoln Project. It's called Attention. Let's play it Attention. Are you a Republican member of Congress? Have you suffered exhaustion or exasperation from defending Trump's indefensible comments and behavior? Have you found yourself wondering if cat cooking or weather controlling lasers are out? To get you. Then this message is for you. If you or a loved one are experiencing craziness, fatigue, dropping poles, dry mouth principles, amnesia, lowered, truth, tolerance, diarrhea, rambling, unexplained hate gain, or an all consuming guilt. When making eye contact, you may be entitled to electoral annihilation. Call the Trumpism hotline today to receive our free information kit. Don't wait. You may be entitled to substantial losses in the House and Senate, and if you call now, you'll also receive a Harris presidency.


Also, even if you don't call, your free information kit will be waiting for you in the parking lot after you drop off your office. Keys offer valid in all 50 states. No one should have to suffer from Trumpism. Make this important call today. You piece of shit.


So when we started the Midas Touch Network, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now we're able to bring you the best pro democracy merchandise, and it's so easy and it's all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage, Shopify's there to help you grow the same way it helped us grow at the Midas Touch Network. Whether you're selling scented soap sounds good or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all in one E-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers with the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to the other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI power at All Star. We use Shopify at store dot midas touch.com, and I know you know how seamless that is and it's completely revolutionized everything we do. It allows us to easily manage our shop view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products you know and love without Shopify, and we can't speak highly enough about Shopify. Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs like maas, touch of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. So Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash midis, all lowercase, go to Shopify, S-H-O-P-I-F-Y. So go to Shopify dot com slash midas now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in, Shopify dot com slash midas.


Here's another one from the Lincoln Project. They've been cooking like an ad machine lately. This one is called fair. Let's play it. You Work your ass off the backbone of America, and it's true. A lot of people treat you like shit. Wall Street gets bailed out. Instead, Loan the banks some $7.7 trillion You pay for their mistakes. When I'm not able to pay for my mortgage, who's gonna bail me out? Big business, offshores, your jobs. Harvard Business School alumni predict following pay and expect to outsource work rather than do more hiring, And then they pay CEOs hundreds of millions. The average CEO is making 235 times the median worker.


Insurance companies make it so expensive we can barely afford to die. Silicon Valley poisons your kids. Parents Worry that their kids are addicted to mobile devices. Seems like nobody is on your side. There's one fighter who has your back, someone who gives a damn about your life and fights to make it better. We Believe in a future where every person has the opportunity, not just To, get five, but To, get ahead. Now. Let's go back to one from Vice President Kamala Harris pointing out that Donald Trump gave our covid test and the height of the pandemic to Vladimir Putin.


Instead of giving him to the American people play the clip, Trump will always choose Putin over the American people and now we have evidence, a new report that he secretly sent Putin covid tests while withholding them from sick and dying Americans. So I said to my people, slow the testing down, please. Who will Trump look out for in his second term? I think I could have a very good relationship with President Putin. I'm not disavowing that he called me a genius. It's not you. Show you another one right here from the Lincoln Project. This is called a place like Springfield. Let's play it.


There's something about small towns that bring out the best in a man. Maybe it's the warmth and kindness emanating from Main Street and neighborhood schools, multiple generations of families working hard to make ends meet it's churches, opening the doors to all who come, seeking grace and shelter from the storm. A place like Springfield, Ohio, Springfield was badly in need of workers to fill the jobs its townspeople couldn't or wouldn't take. So these Haitian immigrants found their way across the world hoping they too would have a chance at the same dream our forefathers had when they came to America, and then a vicious xenophobic lie turned Springfield upside down In Springfield.


They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats. Who the hell are these people? Well, if this election isn't just about Springfield, this is about your talent, your community, and your values. There's only one person out there who stands for decency, for opportunity, who shares our values. It's time to let her lead. It's time to stand for the principles and freedoms that built this country because I don't know what the hell he's talking about. I still think this country is great. It's time to be a man. Vote for a woman, Another one here from the Lincoln Project. This one is called Seeds. Let's play it. They want you to forget about January 6th.


They want you to forget that Donald Trump lost the election and knew it on election night. This is a fraud on the American public. This is an embarrassment to our country. Frankly. We did win. We beat us by a whisker. They want you to forget any illegal conspiracy against the United States of America and every American voter. They want you to forget when they lost in court that they used violence at the Capitol, but we haven't forgotten and we won't. Trump and his associates are amping it up again, planting the seeds that will lead to the same violence and chaos. It's hard to say what you're gonna do and what you're not.


It's not over on election day. It's over on Inauguration Day. My answer's always conditional. The only way they're gonna win in my opinion is if they cheat, prosecute people that cheated. They cheat. Do you understand that? You crooked people. Senator, will you accept the election reform? Hillary Clinton Said, you will use constitutional processes to challenge Issues, assaults on police officers, threats to poll workers. 200,000 volunteers to be poll watchers Attacks on our institutions. In 2021, they failed to overturn the election. January 6th was a trial run. They've learned lessons, put new allies in vital positions. It's gonna take a civil war to save the country.


If Kamala wins, Trump will make sure it's painful for America, but not nearly as painful. If he won. There's a fight ahead either way, and the first and most important one will be at the ballot box. Don't get comfortable. Don't take down your guard because now more than ever, it's America or Trump. This one from the Lincoln Project is called Clean House. Let's play My fellow Americans. It's time to clean house, clean out the privileges and perks, clean out the arrogance and big egos clean out the scandals. Trump Found guilty on all 34 criminal charges against him.


Beware the temptation of pride. I am the chosen one. Don't let anyone tell you that America's best days are behind her. The American dream is dead. There are people who try to will freedom away. They try to legislate it Away. I got rid of Roe v. Wade. That's what Tyranny is. He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no. Other than day one Regimes planted by bayonets. Do not take root, do Do Armed aggression. Must not succeed. If I don't Get elected, it's gonna be a blood band.


And this one from the Lincoln Project is called cognitive test. Let's play it. Okay, Donald, you've mentioned cognitive tests enough. We're convinced now that you are the old man in the race. We wanna make you an offer. The majority of voters believe cognitive tests should be required for precedent. So take a real cognitive test at a nationally renowned medical center. All you have to do is sit down and be that smart guy. You're so sure you are. You'll pass, right person, Woman, man, camera, tv, And hey, we know money is tight for you right now, so we'll pay for it every penny unless you're scared.


After all, Kamala Harris did make you look awfully bad in that debate. Almost as if you aren't a stable genius, take the test, Donald. Prove to America that you're sane, smart, all there. Majority of Americans will back you on this. You'll come out looking better than ever. Won't you Trust me? I'm like a smart person. Tell me what you think about those various ads from Vice President Kamala Harris's team and the Lincoln Project. Do you have a favorite? Let me know. Make sure you're registered to vote. Make sure friends, family member, coworkers are registered to vote. You could be the difference in this election.


So please, please, please check your registrations status. Register others. That's the if we all do this, if you do this right now telling you democracy's going to prevail. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.