
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and precedent in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. Pt, what do you know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Donald Trump is posting AI images of himself as the Pope. This is a very unserious, unstable, vile individual. Meanwhile, the defense secretary, Pete Heif, is posting AI cartoon images of himself holding a sword that says budget cuts and looking at a dog that says Wow and posting cartoon AI images of himself that say 100% operational control. And when you zoom in on his hands, his sleeve is part of his hands.


Why does his finger look like that? Then you have Donald Trump giving an interview with Kristen Welker of Meet the Press and Donald Trump says that he is okay with a recession. He'd be fine with it. He doesn't care. Here play this clip. And That's my question. Remember long term, is it okay in the short term to have a recession? Remember this? Look. Yeah, it's, everything's okay What we are. I said, this is a transition period. I think we're gonna do fantastic. As former transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg says, post this image from CNN, which is now finally reporting on this, the last boats without crippling tariffs from China are arriving to the us.


The countdown to shortages and higher prices has begun. No, it's begun three weeks ago, CNN. But as Pete Buttigieg says, this isn't hypothetical. The coming days are bringing higher prices and disrupted supply chains this time, not because of a pandemic or a war, but self-inflicted by our country's government under this president. How long have we been talking about freight volumes and trucking volumes and showing you photos of the ports here on the Midas Touch Network? As Senator Bernie Sanders told me, sometimes the most important issues are what news isn't talking about.


It's why I talk about these things here over and over again, because we can follow the data where these things are headed so it doesn't hit us like a shock. That's why we report on this stuff weeks in advance on the Midas Touch Network. We also learned yesterday that the Trump administration will not renew Biden era grants worth $1 billion that were aimed at boosting mental health services in schools. A Department of Education spokesperson confirmed to a B, C as Travis Aker says, I do not understand why mental health programs are being defunded by President Trump when every school shooting is blamed on mental health by MAGA Republicans.


I just want you to think about that. Every time there's a school shooting the MAGA Republicans say it's not because of the guns, it's because of mental health. Okay, well, now you're defunding mental health services to schools. Cruelty is the point, folks, this shouldn't be a political issue. I'm just giving you the data points. I'm not speculating what they're doing. I'm reading you statements that the Trump Magar regime is confirming. Oh, another post by Donald Trump. Oh, he's doing the cartoon image of himself right now. Oh, what's he saying in this post? Oh, that he ended inflation and made America affordable again. Wow. I guess it must be done. So it's been said, it must be done.


Donald Trump says that he promised Americans that he would rapidly drive the prices down, and he says, promise kept on this image that he posts White House delivering emergency price relief for American families, and they defeated the cost of living crisis folks. Mission accomplice. The cost of living crisis has been defeated. Donald Trump, thank you. Thank you for doing that. Yes. I, it's, IIII go to the, my gas prices, $1 and 98 cents, egg prices down 87%. Whoa, you told me that. My maga mush brain says, okay, Donald. Donald, I understand you have MAGA mush brain cult followers.


Watch Fox. The rest of us. We can, we can go to stores, we can see it. We know that prices are not going down. We know housing is less affordable, not more affordable. We see what you're doing to the economy. It's not good. It's very bad. Oh, Charlie Kirk, someone who's in Donald Trump's inner circle also potentially saying that more firings are coming at the CIA will see about that one thing over here too. Ryan Cummings said, did an did an analysis. Oh my God, I think Garrett is correct. Garrett Golden goes, oh man, I think someone is showing the president the RBOB charts, and telling him that that's the price of gasoline.


POTUS team is showing him the cost of wholesale unfinished gasoline, which does not include the cost of oxygenates ethanol and all distribution marketing costs, and telling him this is the price of gasoline you are paying at the pump. So I guess the same way Donald Trump's people told him that he won the Supreme Court with the Rego Garcia nine to zero that he won, and he does not have to facilitate the return when the order was the exact opposite. I guess they're telling Donald Trump that the price of gas at the pump is 1 98 because they're showing him the cost of without oxygenates. Like that's really what they're doing. By the way, what are we on?


What day are we on? Day 21, 22, 23. No trade deals. No deal. Donald. That's his nickname. Now we're learning that Japan, an ally of the United States should be easy to make a deal with Japan. Since Trump made a deal with Japan in 2018. Trump al already. Trump made the Japan deal in 2018, and now he hates his own deal the same way Trump made the United States Mexico Canada Agreement, the US MCA, and he hates that. He goes, whoever made this deal's the stupidest, you made the deal with Japan. You made the deal with Canada and Mexico, so you're the stupid one. Japan is preparing to use its role as America's largest creditor holds 1.1 trillion in treasuries as leverage in Trump trade talks this as Temu halts shipping direct from China, as the de minimus tariff loophole is cut off, and you will now see If you were to buy at Temu or any of these stores in China, 145% basically added to the cost.


So Timus is just saying, all right, we're not gonna send anything to the United States anymore. By the way, when I think about Temu now, I think about Temu Trump in Australia. Peter Dutton in Australia, the leader of the liberal party there, which is their right wing party, Peter Dutton. The Trump effect is real in Australia. As Anthony Albani soaring ahead, the Labor party doing well in Australia. That's their liberal party there. It's confusing though. Their left party is the Labor Party on his way potentially to another three year term there. Shout out Midas, down under Midas, mate, tell me which one you like better. More Donald Trump posting that the price of gasoline is 1 98 and egg prices are down, which is a lie.


JD Vance saying Russia's war in Ukraine is not going to end anytime soon. Where Donald Trump said earlier in the week that it was a joke when he said that there would be peace in 24 hours, he said, and a Donald Trump. Boy, I was joking. I was joking. I no one, it's only the fake news that took me seriously. Your fake news. If you thought I really meant there would be peace, only the fake news. You're so dishonest. I was joking about making peace in 24 hours. Well, now JD Vans saying it's not gonna end anytime soon. Okay. Okay, jd. Okay, jd also a new poll from the Hill. Majority of us Latino voters believe the country is headed in the wrong direction.


Really. I mean, the Venezuelans for Trump aren't happy that he's deporting family members back to Maduro and sending Venezuelans to concentration camps in El Salvador when he said he got your back. What? The CU Cubans are un Cubans for Trump, you're un, you're unhappy that Donald Trump is taking away family members and sending them back to the Castro regime, sending him back to Cuba, separating mothers in Miami who are still breastfeeding their children to be homeless in Cuba, even taking away temporary protected status from 500,000 Latinos. He told you he wasn't gonna do that, right?


You thought it was only the criminals he thinks you are criminal. He thinks you are the criminal. We told you, we tried to warn you. Okay, but don't get me wrong, Trump's been focused on making deals this week, not deals that benefit America. Don Jr. Starting the Executive Branch Club, $500,000 to join his exclusive club called the Executive Branch. Imagine if Hunter Biden did that. Donald Trump making a deal with Qatar to have a new Trump resort in Qatar. UAEs minister met with Donald Trump. Trump gave them some AI chip exemptions. Then an Abu Dhabi then agreed to use Trump's crypto as part of their transactions.


All, all, all in a week. All in a week. Oh, and by the way, while Donald Trump was gutting mental health services at schools, gutting PBS and NPR, he was focused on spending $92 million, maybe even more, to throw himself a military theme parade in Washington DC in the coming months where he wants to have 6,000 soldiers, 50 helicopters, fighter jets as he stands there like a Kim Jong-Un style dictator as troops march in front of him. Now, can we talk about that? He's posting AI images of himself dressed as the Pope.


It's like an un. This is an unwell individual, but I don't want to use that as a way for him to duck accountability. Let's just call him what he is. He's a vile piece of trash. He's a felon. He's a fraud. He's a criminal. He's a sexual abuser. He's trash. I have zero respect for him. Period. Full stop. Zero. You shouldn't either hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do Midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.