
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50, 15, 15, 15 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. An all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, you even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, syn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to lipsy ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


Take a look at these two Washington Post headlines. It is so revealing one headline right after the election. It's this one. Why Trump should take credit for Biden's economy. He shouldn't implement his economy crashing ideas. Just claim credit for Biden's economy as your own. That's what the Washington Post was saying to Donald Trump. Well take a look at the most recent headline. When Donald Trump did not do that, even though Donald Trump has not even assumed office yet, the chaos that he has brought to Washington DC is having a major impact on mortgage rates.


Here's the other Washington Post headline. Mortgage rates are up. That's a big problem for Trump. High housing costs have become part of the economic vibes that people see on a regular basis. And as you go through the article, economists are saying that Donald Trump has freaked out the bond market, which has the biggest impact on mortgage rates, and that's why mortgage rates are going up now in response to the chaos that they believe Donald Trump will cause and is already causing on the economy. Let me just read this for you if I can for a second. Mortgage rates are rising again, nearing 7%.


Donald Trump got elected promising the opposite. He said the following, we will drive down the rates so you will be able to pay 2% again and we will be able to finance or refinance your homes drastically. Trump said in September, the article goes on to say, Trump gets away with saying a lot of things and never doing them, you think, but on housing, voters seem to want action. Not only was it a top issue with voters all over the country, but in the toughest markets where home prices have often doubled in recent years and inventory remains low. Voters swung to Trump because of his lies, what he promised, but he's a liar in bringing down the mortgage rates.


The housing crisis is real. It's one of the worst times to buy a home in 40 years and then goes on to say, mortgage rates might turn out to be Trump's Achilles heel. Presidents don't control them in just the threat of his proposed economic agenda widely viewed as inflationary has worsened the problem before he has taken office. Can I read that one more time? Just the threat of Trump's economic agenda viewed as inflationary has worsened the problem before he has even taken office since the election. Borrowing costs have climbed in response to dramatic moves in the bond and the bond market, which has the greatest influence on mortgage rates right now.


Investors think Trump is going to do what he said on the trail, spend trillions of dollars on tax cuts in 2025, increase our deficit by trillions of dollars, and then enact a bunch of tariffs that increased the price for many common goods, including lumber and shingles. This is the key reason mortgage rates have been rising the past two months because of Trump, even though the Federal Reserve has been cutting the benchmark US interest rates. You take a look at the chart here. Mortgage rates are up out of the fear of what Trump will do when he assumes office and it's being caused right now when he's just going through his transition process.


That's the amount of volatility that he is causing. Now, we previously reported yesterday as well that Walmart has said as a result of Trump's threatened tariffs, that they are concerned that there will be significantly higher cost to consumers. So remember when Donald Trump said, like he did in 2016, he said, I'm gonna build the wall and Mexico's gonna pay for it. Well lie this time around. Donald Trump said, I'm gonna tear up China 2000%. That's not a tax on Americans. It's like quite literally what a tariff is is a tax that gets passed through to the consumer taxes.


American corporations. That's just what a tariff is. Here is the Walmart CFO on CNBC saying, look, we want to have lower prices, but Trump's tariffs mean consumers are going to pay a lot more money when they show up at Walmart's. Play this clip And I did get a chance to speak with Walmart. CFO Brett Bigs. When it comes to the ongoing tariff discussion, the company is closely monitoring the developments and big said, look, as we have said before, our goal is to be the low price leader. We wanna manage margins with customers and shareholders in mind. We have mitigation strategies that have been in place for months, but increased tariffs will increase prices for our customers.


Let's face it, after night with drinks. I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. For example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends. The next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype. Plus with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-S at checkout for 15% off.


That's the Walmart CFO. And folks, this isn't just coming from Walmart. Target is sounding the alarm bell on holiday shopping as well. They are now expecting a very, very weak holiday shopping season. The target stock is plummeting, but whereas when President Biden would set record after record when it came to the stock market, right? Your 401k is so much higher under Biden than it was under Donald Trump. Your 401k was probably crushed under Trump did horrible. And under Biden it's up 50, 60, 70%. But remember, Fox would always try to find a way to attack Biden when he was setting records.


But now watch how Fox Business reports this. So remember at the beginning of this video I showed you, listen, lemme take a look at two Washington Post headlines. Let me show you two Fox stories. So you see how they report. We get the anatomy of their propaganda right here. One of the things that I've called the Authoritarian loops. So take a look at this So here. Fox Business now is blaming, who do you think Fox Business is blaming for target's poor third quarter and the weak sales in the future. That's predicted by Target. Did you guess gay people? Well then you would be right. 'cause that's who Fox blames for basically everything. Gay people and migrants.


Fox says that it's the LGBT merchandise that's crushed target. Just watch how they report this, play this clip Real quick. The stock is at the lows of the morning down 12%. Adam, your reaction? Well, people aren't going into the store and they're not going there because Target effectively broke. Its, its, its, it lost the faith of the American people. If you remember the L-G-B-T-Q merchandise. Oh, right. Really offended young mothers. Wow. And that's, I think, the issue. It's still haunting them's Very good point that Now compare that to just, I'll give you, I could give you a thousand examples like this over the past three and a half years, but how about this one where the stock market closed at a record high a month or so ago with President Biden's in, in power.


And then Fox is another record high. And then it cuts to Larry Cud Law, who hosts, say Fox Show. Larry Kudlow worked in the Trump administration. That's part of the authoritarian loop. And then Cud Law goes, it's all breaking. It's all crashing. Kamala broke it. Trump, we'll fix it. As we're talking about records in the stock market. Folks think, watch this. Do your research, see what's happening here, play this clip. You Are hearing those closing bells again, a little bit higher, pretty much on all of the indices, not quite at records, but trying to get closer. That'll do it for claiming countdown Kloss next.


Hello folks, welcome to Kudlow. I'm Larry Kudlow. So President Trump electrifying strong closing message to the nation. Last night at Madison Square Garden, Kamala broke it. Trump will fix it. We Have I mean. Can you look at any a contrast? That's just so clear right there. You know, I I, I want to talk about this as well. We talked about mortgage rates, we talked about consumer spending. Just take a look at Biden's economic record here. Unemployment record lows, jobs created 16 million record highs. Biden got inflation under control better than any other country in the world. GDP, record, growth, wages up, manufacture, boom under President Biden, stock market, lots of records.


Oil production, which I'll get to in a moment too. America was energy independent for the first time under President Biden. There was far more domestic oil drilling under President Biden than Donald Trump. But I know that I talk about this before, you know how men in black, they have the, the wand from the men in black movie, which like, they wave that wand, whatever, whatever it's called. I'm sure you know the name of it. And then people's memories all get erased, that they see the aliens, right? And so is there a, a covid wand that gave people collective amnesia. America was in a manufacturing recession before covid hit. I don't believe Donald Trump should get a mulligan for Covid in the way he handled it recklessly and rather with malice to hurt.


We the people, right? But there was a manufacturing recession under President Biden. There is a manufacturing boom. And I did told you we would talk about oil for a second because Biden has more domestic oil drilling than under Donald Trump, like by significant amounts. And look, there's some geological limitations to drill, baby drill. So you know how everybody, like all the Trump backers were like, yeah, jewel, baby Jewel, it's gonna be three to 4 million more barrels a day under Trump. Well, we, we've kind of got the most oil drilling right now ever. And that's because there are some geological constraints. The country's been searched over pretty good.


Look at the recent Harold Ham report that talks about this and says, drill, baby drill. That you're, that's just, there's just words. Is is Trump gonna be able to drill more than Biden right now? I don't think so. Biden's drilling more and Biden's focused on climate change as well. So I think you important to reflect on that and important to reflect on what's going on with the mortgage rates. And again, I know that corporate media wants to do the propaganda right now. Everything. Oh, Trump drop drop. Now let's focus on the data. Let's focus on the facts. That's what we're gonna do here at the Midas Touch Network. So hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.