
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


I am showing you this photo of Donald Trump with no hair transplants and no bronzer. Not to mock him, but to show you the absurdity of it all. As part of Donald Trump's late night meltdown on Sunday, he kept on posting these photographs of himself to show what good photographs and good portraits of himself look like. And he wanted to make it very clear that there's a painting of him in Colorado at the state Capitol Building put up by the governor of Colorado. And Donald Trump says it is a distorted portrait of himself. And he said that the artist must have lost her talent as she got older.


'cause he says it's very bad and needs to be taken down immediately. And then he shows what the portrait of himself looks like and then he just starts posting photos of himself and portraits of himself and memes of himself. I I mean folks, we're not talking about running for the class clown of third grade and no offense to class, clowns of third grade, but this is the presidency. Like can we grow up and not normalize this behavior? This is the leader of what was once the, or was once the leader of the free world before Donald Trump in under 70 days squander that he squandered that frankly really in the first week or so.


And then this is what he kept on posting last night over and over again. So this was like nine 30 his time. The failing New York Times insists on using little Peter Baker, a bad writer, Obama biographer to write long and boring fake news hit pieces against me. The only people with less talent than Peter are his wife. And of course Mag Hagerman Hagerman. It is stupid. It's just, it's just, again, this would make a petulant third grader, no offense to petulant third graders look mature. It's it's, it is humiliating. It is a weapon of mass humiliation.


Then after that, at 9:49 PM his time or or 8:49 PM his time, he goes, why would the now highly discredited 60 minutes? Do a puff piece on George Clooney a second rate movie star. What in the world? Look, there are real issues right now. Real suffering taking place in this country caused by this maniac. People don't know if they're gonna get their social security check next month as Donald Trump's puppet master. Elon Musk says that social security's a Ponzi scheme. Donald Trump's commerce secretary Howard Lutnick says, if you complain about not getting your social security check, you're probably committing crimes and fraud.


People don't know if Medicaid is going to still be around tomorrow in the mago Republican budget and calls for basically the total obliteration of Medicaid. Donald Trump has signed an executive order to try and eliminate the Department of Education. Donald Trump has attacked veterans, cut tens of thousands of jobs at the VA fired veterans, dismantled the federal government. And when he is just posting stupid crap like that as well, to me, it compounds the cartoonish villain ness of this, of this regime to our enemies.


They're a laughingstock to our allies. They're just completely horrified by this. And the behavior just continues over and over in the morning, he posts, I love Dollar Sign Trump. So cool, the greatest of them all pump pumping up his meme coin. And by the way, you can see like a blip in the meme coin went up after he like did a kind of like a pump and dump on the meme coin. By the way, the meme coin like has utterly crashed. Remember when it was like, I think in the seventies or the eighties or the one hundreds, it's now at like $11 or $10. Just horrible stuff.


I know there's a lot of news about Donald Trump firing government workers and gutting federal agencies. I think this one needs a little bit more attention as well, especially as we look to be headed into a great recession or even potentially a depression. And stagflation crashing low GDP while inflation surges. This was on Friday from Politico. It got some attention, but we gotta give it more attention. Bad sign purge of data experts raises alarm over economic reports. The removal of advisors supporting closely watched monthly releases may mean trouble for agencies that provide vital information on jobs and inflation.


So from that political report, it mentions how the experts serving on the Bureau of Labor Statistics Technical Advisory Committee, the BLS were informed this week that they were no longer needed leaving the BLS without a panel that has long advised the labor department how economic changes can impact data collection. So remember during covid, during the first Trump administration where Trump would say, if you don't test, then you don't know if there are X amount of cases, right? He was telling on himself, of course. And here he's doing the same thing. You get rid of the experts, get rid of the analysts who tell you is the GDP up is the GDP down?


What's going on with inflation? And then you just start making up numbers. I think we kind of saw this even last week when the Trump regime was claiming that the price of eggs had now dropped to $3 a dozen. And they were like, look, it's dropped like 80%. And we're like, we know it's not $3 a dozen. We, we can see that either eggs are not on the shelves or in some states it's still $8, $9, $10 a dozen. I'm sure there are places where it's $3, but I think they were referring to the wholesale price in some areas, not the retail price. And they're gonna start manipulating all of this data the way they do in authoritarian regimes.


And as Trump wants to distract us with all of those weird portraits and pictures that he's posting, it's why I always want to bring it back to Donald Trump said he was gonna lower prices on day one. He did it. He said there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. That didn't happen. He said housing would be more affordable. Housing is less affordable right now, literally everything he said was a lie. There's nothing about no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime. But the oligarchs and the billionaires are getting massive, massive tax cuts. $4.5 trillion tax cuts as Medicaid is being gutted.


Just Take a look at this. This was from Donald Trump's interview with Laura Ingraham that they've been re airing these clips. He's asked the most basic question about his son, like, do you think your son's gonna focus on business or or tech? Donald Trump can't even answer a question. So simple like, what is your son like? And his response is that Baron can kind of open up a computer and it's very impressive how he opens up a computer here, play this clip. But is Baron's aptitude in your view, Business or politics? Maybe technology. He can look at a computer. I try turning off his car, turn it off, I turn off his laptop.


I said, oh good now. And I go back five minutes later, he is got his laptop. I said, how'd you do that? None of your business, dad? No, he's got unbelievable aptitude in technology.


So I've been drinking way less lately because the fallout for me the next day just seems to get worse as I get older. But sometimes I still want to kick back without the hangover or that bloated feeling. That's why I'm psyched. I found out about souls out of office THC beverages. They've been a great low calorie, gluten-free alternative and they don't cause hangovers. You probably heard me rave about their out of office gummies, but now they've launched something even better out of office THC beverages and they are exactly what I've been missing. I cracked open a raspberry lemonade last night, felt like I was sipping summertime in a can. It's this perfect little microdose of THC and CBD that gives you that chill, euphoric feeling. No hangover, no regrets. And the flavors. Raspberry lemonade and cucumber melon lime, total crowd pleasers. Plus you get to pick your dose two and a half milligrams or five milligrams THC in six 12 or 24 packs so you could ease into your vibe, your way. Soul's drinks have become a go-to in my house. They've really helped me chill out after a crazy day. And you know, I have a lot of those and I love the company's emphasis on health and wellness. By the way, shout out to the founders Mike and Angie Lee, a former pro boxer and a wellness speaker who built soul to offer natural alternatives to stress, sleep, focus, you name it, the might as such, network is a sibling run business. So I love seeing siblings doing great work in other spaces. So if you wanna feel your best head to get soul.com and use code Midas for 30% OFF your order. That's 30% OFF your order using Code Midas one last time. Get soul.com and code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 30% off.


I reported on this yesterday, but it's worth mentioning again that the White House is trying to sell corporate sponsorships for the White House Easter egg roll this year. Are they gonna try to make up for the fact that it's now being projected that tax revenue will drop by 10% or over $500 billion amid turmoil at the IRS staff cuts and disruptions related to US Doge service is now causing the IRS to be unable to kind of take in the revenue that it even needs. By the way, if you look at the way Trump runs his businesses 400, look at Trump media last year, $400 million loss only brought in $4 million in revenue.


This guy's bankrupted things over and over again. So now all the billionaires are not gonna pay their taxes or they're gonna use loopholes and think that the IRS isn't gonna go after them. 'cause Trump's firing all the people who deal with enforcement there. The rest of Americans are gonna pay our taxes and pay our fair share and Trump's gonna go and we're not gonna collect tax revenue that's needed. So Doge is going to cost trillions of trillions of dollars in what they are doing in gutting the IRS and then what's the IRS doing as well? Well, they're cutting a deal with ICE to give over the private data of people who are non-citizens who have been paying their taxes.


So ICE can target the tax paying migrants who don't have their citizenship as Donald Trump's revoking the citizenship of over 500,000 people here. Lawfully, Cubans, Venezuelans, Nicaraguans, Guatemalans, Haitians, a lot of people by the way, who are, who are Trumpers. So he's going after that. He's gonna find their data in the IRS system. Also, just in general, people who may not be here lawfully, not have like a lawful protected status, but may be here but paid their taxes, like hardworking people. Trump's gonna use the database to target them and find them and then, and then do what he's done, which is kidnap them and then send them to concentration camps, concentration camps in El Salvador, or send them back to the country where they may be political exiles, back to the repressive regime that probably will kill and torture them.


I mean, literally the Trump regime, they have blood on their hands. There's no other way around it. I'm gonna do a whole other video about some of these individuals who trump kidnapped and sent to El Salvador. Like Andres, a gay barber from Venezuela came to the US lawfully asylum seeker fled the repressive Maduro regime, had a court appearance in the next week for as an asylum seeker. Trump kidnapped him, sent him to El Salvador concentration camp. No one's ever heard from him again. There was a time magazine photo journalist in the El Salvador concentration camps who saw someone crying and saying, I'm a barber.


I'm a, I'm just a hairdresser. And what I'm not a gang member. And the fear on this, we believe that that's Andres. But now Christie Nome, Donald Trump's Homeland Security secretary, she, you know, she does this whole cosplay thing. She like goes place to place and she like dresses up in the different outfits. So she's now gonna go to El Salvador and let me tell you what she's gonna do. They're gonna go take photos and videos next to people with tattoos who look like horrific gang members. And then she's gonna go see, this is the type of people we're locking up here. This is the type of people, my whole point is people have due process in the United States of America.


You can't just kidnap people and send them to El Salvador concentration camps. If people are engaged in crimes, then put a list, say what their crimes are, say what they did. And don't just show me random people with tattoos. Okay? I want to know that people you kidnapped, what, what was your criteria for saying that they were terrorists, enemy combatants in a war to send to a concentration camp in El Salvador. And then when their retort is, well, you know, what type of due process do murderers give their victims?


You, you heard that one, the victim didn't get due process from the murderer. Well, guess what? The United States of America is supposed to be better than the murderer. We're supposed to have due process so we can make sure the bad guys get found, in my view as a law and order person, take the book and throw it hard at any criminal, deport 'em back to their country or put 'em in jail. If criminals should be prosecuted to the fullest extent imaginable or possible under the law, within the confines of our constitutional system and what it, and what it allows and not, not cruel and unusual punishment.


Let me be clear about that. But if people are innocent, innocent people should not be being sent to concentration camps in El Salvador. Let me share this with you. Former President Biden posted this picture with the former First Lady, Dr. Jill Biden and former President Biden posted this as well 15 years ago. Today I stood with President Obama as he signed the Affordable Care Act into law. It was a big deal then and still is today. Under my administration, we focused on building the success of the Affordable Care Act. I'm proud that we helped a record number of Americans sign up for marketplace coverage and significantly lowered the cost of prescription drugs and premiums.


I believe that healthcare is a right, not a privilege, and we should always protect it. We should always protect it. I, I couldn't agree more. With that, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Have a wonderful day. Can't get enough? Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.