(1s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.

(33s):
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science backed language learning app, but actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.

(1m 0s):
What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.

(1m 30s):
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.

(2m 1s):
Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself an ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.

(3m 6s):
The Middle East is burning. There's no peace in Ukraine. Inflation is surging. Donald Trump's trade war against the world is failing. Donald Trump is Federalizing National Guard troops and sending the National Guard and the Marines against United States citizens. This is a dumpster fire presidency of the highest degree. The video I showed you at the outset of this video, the clip I showed you, where fires continuing to burn in the Iranian capital of Tehran following new strikes by Israel in an all out war right now between Israel and Iran.

(3m 48s):
Israel began with preemptive attacks two days ago on Iranian nuclear sites and residential buildings engaging in decapitation strikes against dozens of Iranian military leaders and other leaders. And then Iran retaliated against Israel attacking buildings in Israel and causing significant damage as well. Take a look right here of some of the footage of Iran's most recent strikes in Tel Aviv. You can see right here again, all out war is now taking place here. Play this clip As Brian Tyler Cohen, our friend, says the quote, I'll lower cost and get us out of endless wars.

(4m 37s):
Candidate is now presiding over surging costs and brand new wars, and Iran just issued the following warning as well that they will be attacking military bases of any country that defends Israel. Now, while all of that is going on, you have Donald Trump finishing up his final preparations for his dictator parade today. Donald Trump throwing a dictator Kim Jong-un style parade for himself. You can see these soldiers marching in this performance for him as Donald Trump has co-opted the 250th anniversary of our army, and he's gonna have the tanks and the missiles and the howitzers all kind of march through Washington DC damage the city.

(5m 29s):
They claim it's only gonna cost $45 million. I think it's gonna cost nearly half a billion dollars. I think they're hiding the costs, but here's the final preparations of what it looks like. Yes, what I'm showing you is not North Korea. This is the United States here at play. This clip. Here's Melania getting ready for the parade right there and here is Caitlin Jenner, who's actually stuck in Tel Aviv right now in Israel.

(6m 15s):
I'm not sure why I'm showing those photos back to back like that, but whatever here are, just take a look right here of, of what This is a residential area in Central Israel right here, and you can see the damage that's been caused by some of the Iranian ballistic missiles that hit here. Play this clip. Yo yo yo. And by the way, no presidential address from Donald Trump. No statements, no clarity what's taking place at all.

(6m 58s):
As our editor in Chief Ron Kowski writes, can we at least get an update on how much the new proxy war is going to cost us while we're passing a bill with a record, $1 trillion defense budget without this and massive debt exploding deficits? Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski also writes, we're at war with Iran. Trump's gone into hiding. Nobody will tell us our objectives plan or end game. Our Secretary of Defense is a useless dipshit. Our Secretary of State lied about it. Our Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, loves the leader of Iran's greatest ally that would be Putin. And now we're having a parade for Donald Trump's birthday.

(7m 41s):
And y'all remember what went down on Thursday. So on Thursday, Donald Trump made a social media post saying that the negotiations with Iran over a potential nuclear deal were productive. There was set to be discussions. Another round, I think like the sixth round of nuclear discussions were set to take place on Sunday. Marco Rubio reposted Donald Trump saying that he looks forward to productive negotiations. Then we learned a few hours later that Israel began their preemptive strikes against nuclear facilities in Iran and the decapitation exercises killing all of these military leaders and other leaders in Iran.

(8m 23s):
Then Marco Rubio, the Secretary of State, posted a statement saying, the US has nothing to do with this. This is the unilateral act of Israel. The United States is not involved at all at all. Then we saw Israel putting out messages through their military saying, Nope, the US was very much involved. We couldn't have done this without the us. The US helped every aspect of this. They gave us the green light, we're using us weapons, we used their logistics. And then it seemed on Thursday night into Friday morning that this was a very successful operation by Israel. They killed a lot of the big bad guys in Iran. So Donald Trump got that message. So then Donald Trump wanted to make himself like in his own mind, the central protagonist in this.

(9m 9s):
So he took credit as though he was the one who ordered the strikes. So after Marco Rubio said the US had nothing to do with the war in Iran and the war breaking out in the Middle East, Donald Trump's like I did it. He makes this long post. I gave Iran a chance, Iran a chance after chance to make a deal. I told him in the strongest words to just do it. But no matter how hard they tried, no matter how close they got, they just couldn't get it done. I told them it would be much worse than anything they know anticipated or were told that the United States makes the best and most lethal military equipment anywhere in the world by far. And that Israel has a lot of it with much more to come and they know how to use it.

(9m 49s):
But they didn't know what was about to happen. They are all dead right now. He says that the hardliner should have listened. They are dead and it's going to get much worse. And so Trump was China. Trump was trying to act like a tough guy because Iran had not launched its retaliation and now Iran's launched its retaliation. All hell is breaking loose. And then Donald Trump went back into his bunker and all he wants to think about is his dictator parade. By the way, here's Melania again, and here is Kaitlyn Jenner stuck in Tel Aviv right Now I, I wanna show you this too.

(10m 26s):
I get asked a lot, just like the research tools that I use to find a lot of this stuff, I use a research tool called Ground News because I wanna see stories like what's being covered by the right, what's being covered by the left, what's being covered by the center. So Israel's Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, is urging Iranians to stand up and let their voices be heard and topple the Irani Iranian regime. I mean, this is how delusional Netanyahu is. He thinks that he's gonna put out a statement to Iran and the people of Iraq are gonna be like, yes, Netanyahu, we're listening to you. But this is being fed to the right wing. And so all the right wing people, you know in all the right wing publications are sending this out to their people and they're giving like their readers and viewers hope that like, I guess regime chain is change is coming, Netanya has it under control. And it's like, no, he doesn't. That's why it's important just to have, I think the appropriate media diet and know what they're talking about on the right, what they're talking about on the left. So I use ground news to do that. It's an essential service, at least in my view for going cutting through the double standards in the current media ecosphere. If you go to ground news slash MTN or scan the QR code, we're gonna give our viewers 40% off this incredible research tool I use at Ground News. Their top tier vantage plan, which I use, get access to it, and it'll give you unlimited access to everything. It's subscriber funded. They don't rely on ads that could introduce bias and subscribing to ground news supports us at the Midas Touch Network Ground news slash mtn. I use a feature called Blind Spot. So I say, what are they talking about on the right? What are they talking about on the left? Are there blind spots? And that helps me craft these videos that I do. So go to ground news slash MTN or scan the QR code. We're giving our viewers 40% off. So go and check that out. All right, back to the video here.

(12m 22s):
As Ryan Grim points out, the US and Iran were scheduled to meet Sunday to continue nuclear talks. Trump told Israel publicly, publicly, and privately not to attack before the talks were over. Israel clearly believes they can force the US into any war of their choosing. And frankly, every country views Donald Trump as absolutely weak. I mean, just on Friday, the following headlines we saw India and us are hardening their trade stance as July tariff deadline near. Remember Trump said, we're gonna get, we're very close to getting the India deal done. Remember the videos I've been showing you about furious India pissed off at Donald Trump. So you would've known, by the way, I used ground news to get as part of my research tools, you would've known by watching us.

(13m 7s):
There's no deal in India happening anytime soon. Same thing you would've known no deal with Japan happening soon. Here was the headline, Japan and US still far apart in tariff talks. Prime Minister Ishiba is saying that the United States is basically not respecting Japan at all. That shouldn't come as a surprise to you. By the way, United States has done zero deals in 90 days. They didn't do a deal with uk. It was a memorandum of understanding that literally says this is not a binding deal. There's no deal with China. It was a consensus and then a framework to implement the consensus where the US caved and brought 145% tariffs down to 55% tariffs.

(13m 48s):
And then China basically said, we'll give you rare earth minerals that you were getting before, but only for a six month period. And the US was like, thank you, thank you. What a great deal we got. Now we have a six month deadline of rare earth minerals and now we're taxing Americans. 55%. It's like the stupidest negotiation ever that you can possibly imagine. Oh, and then in between all of Donald Trump's like you know, posts about, I'm the one who gave Iran the deadlines, I did this, I did this. There's this photo. This is the advertisement on Trump's social media platform. It's an AI photo of Donald Trump wearing an orange jumpsuit. And it says Innocent, yes or no tap to submit the poll.

(14m 29s):
That's the ads they're doing. I'm gonna say no, he's not innocent, but just that's how he's grifting off of his supporters putting himself in an orange jumpsuit. You don't get more kind of thrifty than that. Tucker Carlson just came out with a statement saying, Trump is complicit in the act of war. US should drop Israel. That's what's coming out from Tucker Carlson. We're also learning John Favreau's writing have heard from multiple sources that ICE is now going from park to park in Los Angeles, arresting caregivers, some who are legal residents and separating them from their American children. They're caring for. Kids are being thrown into the back of a van until their parents are located.

(15m 12s):
I guess that's what the United States of America's come to. Donald Trump's put up fencing around DC 'cause he's terrified of the No Kings protest. Today I'm gonna do a lot of videos on the No Kings protest. The Midas touches the main distributor, news distributor of all things related to the No Kings protest. Here are the signs on Donald Trump's fences around Washington DC He's using used and recycled Lollapalooza signs that say fence jumpers will be prosecuted. And while, while all of this is taking place too, I don't want you to be distracted from the disastrous budget bill that's gonna take away healthcare from 16 million Americans. That's going to be the largest redistribution of wealth.

(15m 53s):
From low income working class Americans to wealthy Americans. That billionaires will get trillions of dollars in tax cuts while the hardworking working class Americans are gonna get absolutely screwed. 14, 15 million people, 60 million people losing healthcare, losing food stamps, losing food assistance, losing rental assistance while the billionaires get benefit after benefit. I'm gonna do a lot more videos on the budget bill 'cause I don't want us to get distracted and also don't get distracted. What Elon Musk said that Donald Trump's name is all over the Epstein files all over it. Elon Musk said, but that's not really a surprise. The Epstein files that have been released thus far, Trump's name is all over it.

(16m 33s):
Trump's name's on the phone log and the depositions on the flight log. Trump said, Epstein's a great guy who likes women on the younger side. Donald Trump partied with Epstein. We've got videos of Donald Trump clubbing with Epstein Ghislaine, Maxwell Epstein sex trafficker, who was a co-conspirator with Epstein. She found the girls at Mar-a-Lago like Virginia Giuffre underage girl homeless, working at Mar-a-Lago after being homeless, recruited by Ghislaine Maxwell, brought to Jeffrey Epstein, sex trafficked by Epstein found in Mar-a-Lago. Donald Trump's Doe 1 72 in the Epstein cases, like he's literally one of the DOE men who are mentioned.

(17m 13s):
He's Doe 1 72 Trump's absolutely terrified of his name of, of the broader links to him and Epstein. That's why they're not releasing the Epstein files. And again, I just don't want us to be distracted and I want to remind you that Trump's all over it and that's what Elon Musk says as well. So we'll keep you posted. Keep checking in throughout today about every 90 minutes, as you know, come back to this YouTube channel. Maybe we'll hit 5 million subscribers today even. But keep checking back on on, on this YouTube channel. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million new by this merch drop. Check out the Latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more all at store@midastouch.com.

(17m 57s):
We're celebrating 20 years of business And US Bank have been there every step of the way from our minivans and now our 10,000 square foot location. I'm Michelle Marino. I'm Denise Kotter. We're co-owner of Hounds Tooth House. Hounds Tooth House is located in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. We were told early on, surround yourself by people that you work well with and US Bank was a great partner. US Bank is small enough to care and big enough to make a difference.

(18m 27s):
Message data rates may apply. Consult a doctor prior to use. Wow, You look amazing. What have you been Doing? I'm sure you've heard of Ozempic Wegovy and the other GLP one medications. Right? Well, I found this great company called zelie. If you qualify, their providers can prescribe medications like Ozempic and wegovy and other GLP one medications that are 80 to 90% less expensive, all 100% online. I can get GLP one medication for 80 to 90% less and do it all online. No doctor's office or pharmacy. Yes, Zeti can provide semaglutide or tirzepatide the active ingredients in ozempic and other expensive GLP ones, but for 80 to 90% less and ship directly to your door. How Do I get started with zeti? Call pound two 50 with the word care to get started today with zelie, get the same active ingredients in Magoi or ozempic, but for 80 to 90% less and 100% online. Don't wait. Call pound two 50 with the word care right now. For a link to your exclusive offer, call pound two 50 with the word care. That's pound two 50 with a word care. Pound two 50 and care.