
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck's, GPT, what do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Can't find it anywhere. Donald Trump's lost track of the uranium enriched in Iran that's capable of making 10 nuclear bombs. You heard me right? The international inspectors and therefore Donald Trump do not know where 409 kilograms the entirety of the Iranian stockpile for uranium enough to make 10 bombs. They don't know where it is because the war started without proper planning. Donald Trump backing us into a war with Iran on, on Israel's timetable, not the United States' timetable, as Donald Trump tries to scramble to catch up with his two weeks, another two weeks. Just need two more weeks to figure it all out.


Why don't you figure out where the 10 potential bombs are? I read that in a, in in a news reporting and it was kind of buried in the middle of the article, that the international inspection community has lost track of the uranium that makes bombs or could be easily upgraded from the 60% enriched to 90% enriched. It needs to make a bomb. I'm like, why isn't that the headline? And it just goes to show you what, what, what These two, they're like twins separated at birth, Netanyahu and Trump. They're both trying to change their legacies, right? They're, they both have terrible legacies. You know, you've got the, the Hamas attack killing thousands when Israel was caught with his pants down on, on 7th of October under Netanyahu, who was about to go to jail for fraud.


And then you've got his counterpart separated at birth, you know, brothers from different mothers, Donald Trump with his criminal first term, his criminal second term, his abusive power second term and first term, his impeachments. Hey, I know how to fix it. I'll solve the Middle East crisis by bombing our way out of it. That's what we're watching. Even the right, right wing is saying, what happened to America first? Why are we, why are we fighting that war? Note to people that think that Republicans support Israel. See Marjorie Taylor Greene's comets. But where is the missing 10 kilo, 10 bombs effectively. I'm Michael Poppa, you're on the Midas Dutch network in legal AF This is not getting enough press.


The International Atomic Energy Agency has had been inspecting up until the 13th of June, about 500 times a year in Iran. They may be our enemy and they may be hiding the ball, but they were allow, they were allowing in a lot of inspectors. That's why the inspectors had one view about how close Iran was to making a nuclear bomb. Israel had another, which was like in a month, and the intelligence community under Donald Trump led by Tulsi Gabbard of all things she said they were at least a year away, relying on more of the international Atomic Energy agencies. Inspection reports we're there. Now, because Trump sided with Netanyahu and his intelligence over Tulsi Gabbard.


Let's, let's put a pin in that. We're gonna follow that. Let Tulsi Gabbard probably not long for this administration. 'cause Donald Trump doesn't even trust her as the intelligence agent and doesn't trust John Ratliffe as the head of the CIA, not if he's he, he's relying on the Moad instead in Israel. Once the bombing started without our approval, apparently, or without our involvement, and nobody thought to ask, Hey, you know, what about the 409 kilograms of enriched uranium? Where's that these days? So it put a chill down my spine, as you can imagine when I see the interview with the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency and he says, the following, Raphael, Monaco Gross, they, the reporter asked him, do you know right now where those about 16 small canisters are?


And he said, I'm not so sure I'm not. How is that not the headline? See, mainstream news is so glossed over with Trump fatigue. They don't know what's news and what is it? I do? I do. That's big news. Where is it? How do we get it back? That's the leverage that Iran has over these negotiations. There's about nine different facilities that make up the nuclear complex of Iran and their war with a Iraq kind of inform them on how to build bombs and hide things and put things deep in bunkers underground. The three main hubs of that nuclear facility is Naans, which is a u, uranium enrichment facility, is fahan Nuclear Techno, nuclear Technology and research center, which is like their lab and Fadra, which is the hardened facility, a hundred meters deep below the rock in a mountain, which we can't get to and the Israelis can't get to without the mother of all all bomb bunker busters being dropped from a giant American aircraft.


So I had a old buddy from law school came to crash at my place after we had moved to Florida. Hadn't seen him in years. First thing he says is, wait, where's the cat? I thought you were a cat guy. Now it's like she's here. She's just not triggering your allergies anymore thanks to Pacagen. This episode is sponsored by Pacagen, that's P-A-C-A-G-E-N, pronounced Pacagen. And listen, cat allergies are brutal. Almost one in five people have them, and most allergy fixes either don't work or come with side effects. But Pacagen isn't a treatment for your allergies. It works on the allergens around your home, breaking them down so your body never has to deal with them in the first place. Cats groom themselves constantly and their saliva is basically allergen central. That's why pathogens whisker block protein is genius. It binds to and neutralizes those cat allergens without harsh chemicals. You just spray it every few days and breathe easier. It's safe, it works. And it's science backed literally by Harvard and Princeton scientists. Your pets aren't just pets, they're family. So do what I did. Go to Pacagen dot com slash legal AF for 15% off and a special gift. Again, that's Pacagen dot com slash legal AF one more time. Pacagen dot com slash legal AF 15% off and a free gift auto applied at checkout.


There has been some damage since the 13th of June on at least three out of the nine that I just described. Mainly whatever's above ground and electrical. Now, could it, could it have damaged the centrifuges which are necessary, the thousands of them to enrich uranium deep below the surface because the electrical power grid was cut off? Yes and no. Israel did a good job about five years ago without shedding any blood and taking any civilians of injecting into the computer systems of Iran, a computer worm, I think it was uploaded through a thumb drive that they placed there and it, and it sent, it controlled the centrifuge's, the centrifuge's main panels, and sent them spinning in the wrong direction or off kilter ruining the centrifuges and it set back.


They think that act alone, that sabotage of cybersecurity set back the Iranian process by two or three years until we got to today. So centrifuges are a delicate thing, but you gotta think that they learned and they have redundant systems of electricity and electrical power. So, and by some reports based on the satellites we've only set back the Iranians or the Israelis have by half a year. You know, unless we get below ground with bombs that are made in America and not available as of yet to the Israelis, that purportedly is the decision that Donald Trump is making over the quote unquote next two weeks. But in the meantime, that's two weeks too much for me, for, for the equivalent of 10 nuclear bombs that nobody knows where they are.


And that's Iran's ultimate leverage. So when we watch a president who is motivated by his legacy, by trying to be a, a wartime president, joining forces with somebody who's equally criminal and equally fraudulent in Israel, in Netanyahu, who has to clean up his own act because of what happened and his and his reputation in tatters based on his fraud investigation and criminal prosecution, and what happened with Hamas killing Israelis and kidnapping them. Look out when that, when that tail wags that dog we're, we're all in trouble.


And that's where we're watching this combination of Netanyahu and Trump. And as I said, Israel doesn't lift a finger against Hezbollah in Lebanon, against Hamas in Gaza, against Iran, in Iran without the US government telling 'em, it's okay, staying quiet on the phone, if you will. And so don't believe any of this reporting about, you know, it's not that Trump was caught with his pants down, it's that there was no forethought and no planning around it. And that's why we have 10 potential missing nuclear bombs. I'm gonna cont continue to cover it all. You're here on the Midas Touch Network. We just rolled the odometer together to 5 million and now we're working over on legal AF the YouTube channel where we're gonna get to 700,000 in the next day or so on our way to 1 million.


You always remember your first million if you weren't around for the beginning of the Midas touch build. I mean, I was there when we, I think we had 330 come over to legal AF we could use another brick in the wall and continuing to build what we're doing over there. We got 12 amazing contributors podcasts. Like it's complicated, a court of history unprecedented you can only find on legal AF the YouTube channel. So until my next report, I'm Michael AK Can't get your fill of legal AF mean neither. That's why we form the legal AF substack every time we mention something in a hot take, whether it's a court filing or a oral argument, come over to the substack, you'll find the court filing in the oral argument there, including a daily roundup that I do call.


Wait for it. Morning AF. What else? All the other contributors from Legal Offer there as well. We got some new reporting, we got interviews, we got ad free versions of the podcast. And Hot Takes Wear Legal AF on Substack. Come over now to free subscribe.