
Donald Trump held another press conference on Thursday evening in what may be his most disgusting attack on the veteran community. Yet during this press conference, Donald Trump dismissed Medal of Honor recipients as quote, dead or in bad shape, saying that the medal of freedom that he gave billionaire mega donor, Miriam Adelson, is quote, actually much better than the Medal of Honor because she is a quote, healthy and beautiful women, unlike the military veterans who are quote, dead or in bad shape.


Let me show you what Donald Trump just said moments ago. Play this clip. I have to say, Miriam, I watched Sheldon sitting so proud in the White House when we gave Miriam the Presidential Medal of Freedom. That's the highest award you can get as a civilian. It is the equivalent of the Congressional Medal of Honor, but civilian version, it's actually much better because everyone gets the Congressional Medal of Honor that soldiers, they're either in very bad shape because they've been hit so many times by bullets or they're dead. She gets it, and she's a healthy, beautiful woman. It's very, and they're rated equal As military veteran and editor in chief at the Midas Touch Network.


Ron Philip Kowski writes, this might be the most disgusting thing Trump has said since he first ran for president. This man is scum. He has never truly honored vets from his heart. He plays a game of using them as props for his own personal gain. It's sad his con jobb is good enough to fool so many. Another account says, honestly, this is just so deranged and sick, even for him. Peter Henline writes No F, this guy He says, the Presidential Medal of freedom he gave to one of his billionaire donors is better than the Medal of Honor, which is the highest military award given for heroism in battle, often posthumously.


This is absolutely disgusting, but this is par for the course for Donald Trump. Donald Trump has always attacked veterans. He called them suckers and losers. He's attacked all of the military generals who have worked for him. He's called them dumb. He's called them stupid. He's called for the execution of the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Millie. Let's just go through some of that right now, shall we? I wanna show how disgusting Donald Trump is. Now, Donald Trump previously attacked Senator John McCain, the late Senator John McCain heroic John McCain because Donald Trump said he's not really a hero 'cause he got captured play the clip.


He hit me hero. He's not a war hero. He's a war hero. He's a war hero. Five and a half years. He's a war hero 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. Okay? I hate to tell you. Do you agree With that? And today, where there where the Affordable Care Act has been further expanded through the ability of Medicare to negotiate on behalf of its recipients lowering the cost of prescription drug prices. Let's not forget that recently Donald Trump mocked the late great Senator John McCain's arm injury sustained while he was a prisoner of war because he didn't vote to rip away healthcare and take away the Affordable Care Act. Remember when Donald Trump said this, play the clip, Obamacares a catastrophe.


Nobody talks about it. You know, without John McCain, we would've had it done, but John McCain, for some reason, couldn't get his arm up that day. Remember? He goes that like that. That was the end of that. Recently in a speech in Virginia, Donald Trump bashed his former Chief of Staff General John Kelly Donald Trump said General John Kelly Trump's own former chief of staff who confirmed on the record that Donald Trump called military veterans, suckers and losers. And John Kelly said he heard it. Donald Trump then said that General John Kelly, who served our country bravely and courageously is the dumbest of them all.


Here play the clip. General Cain, right? Raisin Cain. You know that story Raisin Cain. He was great, great general, real general, not the television. We have a lot of television generals. They're no good like Millie. How about Millie? We had some like the dumbest of a all general Kelly. He didn't know he was lost in the White House. That poor guy didn't know what the hell was happening. He was like a lost, we used to call him a lost soul. Okay?


There's nothing worse than light pouring in the house when you're trying to catch up on some rest and having good blinds in your home may just be the most underrated addition that you could make. There's a better way to buy blinds and window treatments, and it's called three Day Blinds. They're the leading manufacturer of custom window treatments in the us and right now they are running a buy one get one 50% off deal. We could shop for almost anything at home. Why not shop for blinds at home too? Three Day Blinds has local, professionally trained design consultants who have an average of 10 plus years of experience that provide expert guidance on the right blinds for you in the comfort of your home. Just set up an appointment and you'll get a free no obligation quote. The same day, not very handy. The expert team at three Day Blinds handles all the heavy lifting. They design, measure, install, so you could sit back, relax, and leave it to the pros. I've been using three Day Blinds since way before they were even a sponsor of the Midas Touch podcast. My friend had redone his entire home with three Day Blinds. He got the Smart Blinds installed where you just ask Alexa to open your blinds and it happens automatically. I thought it was the coolest thing ever. I asked him, where did he get this? How did this happen? He told me all about three Day Blinds and how easy the process was. And I ended up getting all the blinds in my home from three Day Blinds, and I'm so glad that I did. They had so many options to choose from, and they were so helpful in guiding me to pick the perfect blinds for my home. It's no surprise that three Day Blinds has been in business for over 45 years and is the highest rated blinds company on Trustpilot at 4.7 out of five stars right now. You could get three Day Blinds, buy one, get one 50% off deal on custom blinds, shades, shutters, and drapery for a free, no charge, no obligation consultation. Just head to three Day Blinds dot com slash Midas. That's buy one. Get one 50% off when you head to three. Day Blinds dot com slash midas. One last time. That's the number three DY blinds.com/midas.


Donald Trump then went on to post over and over again. I couldn't stand the guy referring to General John Kelly, by far the dumbest of my military people. He was incapable of doing a good job, so I fired him like a dog. Donald Trump said, and he posted that over and over again. Then Donald Trump called General Millie, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs. This effort, we're talking about four Star Generals here, Donald Trump called Millie Stupid. Play this clip. We take every little tent, we take all the big tents, we take the army tanks, the planes, we take everything. And I had a couple of guys like this guy, Millie.


What a, what a stupid person he is. Millie. No, he's a stupid sir. He said to me, it's cheaper to leave the equipment than it is to take it. And Donald Trump calls all the generals who worked for him. Stupid. General Matisse. General Millie. He goes, they're real beauties. Here. Play this clip. You know, Mattis, general Mattis, general Millie, real beauties, general Millie's, the one that decided to take the soldiers out first, okay? General Millie is the one that said, let's leave $85 billion worth of equipment behind because it's cheaper than taking it out. It's cheaper than putting a tank of nice clean fuel in the airplane and flying it to Pakistan or flying it all the way home.


It's cheaper to leave it there. We left them brand new planes, brand new helicopters. Thousands of night. By the way, earlier today, JD Vance was giving a speech at the Veterans of Foreign War post 92 VFW Post 92. JD Vance didn't even know what A VFW post is, and he said a VF and he had a like pull out the card to even know where he was speaking in front of play. This clip, guys, It's great to be here. It's great to be part of VF Post V-F-A-V-F-W post 92. I've actually got the card right here in my pocket. I'm officially a member, so this is not the last time you're gonna see me. I wanna share this for you as well.


So you remember it. Kaiser Kong, who was a gold star father, here's Khan in 2016 when he called out Donald Trump for saying that the war dead are suckers and losers. Gold star father, here play the clip. You Have sacrificed nothing and no one, Here's Donald Trump's reaction to that. Here play this clip. He said, you have sacrificed nothing and no one, well, that sounds, who wrote that? Did Hillary's script writers write it? How would you answer that? Father? What sacrifice have you made for your country? I think I made a lot of sacrifices. I worked very, very hard.


I've created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs built, great structures I've done. I've had, I've had tremendous success. I think I've done, those are sacrifices. Oh, sure. I think they're sacrifices. I think I made a lot of sacrifices. Here is a video we created at the Midas Touch network called Draft Dodger Don. We created this four years ago play this clip. I didn't serve. I haven't served. I had a foot thing and I get had deferment for that. Mr. Trump Said, you think I'm stupid. I'm not going to Vietnam. Let's take John McCain. He's the war hero. 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. Okay? I always wanted To.


get the Purple Heart. This was much easier. I know more about ISIS than the generals do. Believe me, The president called former defense secretary James Mattis, the most overrated, general Russian intelligence officers, offered to pay the Taliban to kill American troops. President Trump was told about this in March, and he has done nothing. The President Called us service members buried in France, losers and suckers. His visit was scrubbed because the president feared the rain would ruin His hair. When Senator John McCain died, the president told his senior staff, we're not going to support that loser's funeral. We keep people accountable for the way they treat our veterans, and if they don't treat 'em well, we say, sorry, you're fired.


Get out. Midas Touch is responsible for the content of this advertising. Speaking of this is four Star General Bob McCaffrey, here's what he's had to say about the character of Donald Trump. Let's play this clip. It Is a tragic situation to read this kind of well-resourced in credible accounting on what was going on. Much of which, by the way, I was aware of at the time. We had 60,000 killed and wounded protecting the American people following nine 11 wars in Iraq, Afghanistan, special operations missions around the world.


It was a giant loss. The armed forces were totally committed to include the National Garden Reserves. And so to have a president with this, first of all, an ignorant man of the first order, a lawless man who paid, was unaware of the Constitution, thought he could do anything. He basically wanted to, and at the time I, I was reporting on this network. So when they put an acting Secretary of Defense, a retired Lieutenant Colonel in a gang of his Cory into the Department of Defense, I said, this guy is setting up a coup against the United States.


That's what you'd have to conclude if it was a third world country. So we were vulnerable to having a president in office with immense authority who has truly lacked any character. And notably, Donald Trump picked a running mate in JD Vance who said the following about four star General Bob McCaffrey. JD Van said, your entire time in military leadership, we won zero wars. You drank fine wine at bullshit security conferences while thousands of working class kids died on the battlefield. Oh, by the way, how much do you stand to gain financially from a war with Russia?


Barry, so attacking a four star general right there. Let me leave you with this. This is what former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff, Millie said during his retirement ceremony about Donald Trump. Here play this clip To a country. We don't take an oath to a tribe. We don't take an oath to a religion. We don't take an oath to a king or a queen or to a tyrant or a dictator. And we don't take an oath to a wannabe dictator. We don't take an oath to an individual. We take an oath to the Constitution and we take an oath to the idea that is America and we're willing to die to protect it.


Every soldier, sailor, airman, marine guardian, and Coast Guardsman, each of us commits our very life to protect and defend that document regardless a personal price. Well, let me share this one other clip with you before I forget here. CNN's Gene, CNN correspondent talking about how one of the things that General Kelly told him for his book is how Donald Trump would always praise Hitler in front of him. Play this clip. And I, I have to tell you, when General John Kelly told me the story of Trump's praise for Hitler, here's John Kelly. He's a retired Marine general. Yeah. Served in the military for more than four decades, is a gold star father.


Yeah. He lost his son in combat in Afghanistan. And, and he told me, I i, he would sit across from the president at the time praising Hitler, praising Hitler's generals for being loyal to him. And, and he would be flabbergasted that he has to remind Trump, the president of the United States, what Hitler did. I mean, he said to me, Kelly said to me, he said, I can't believe he forgot the Holocaust. This is, this is, wow. It's a, is it, What, in your opinion, is Trump just stupid? What, what is it? I think not interested in knowing the facts. Yeah. And, and the facts of the most basic history. And that extends not just from a Hitler, but to Putin. Putin. Putin has every interest in hurting America.


Yep. Yeah. So Trump's imagination that he, through sheer force, force of personality, can make him his friend or negotiate a better deal, just doesn't line up with the facts. Or Russia is very invested in bringing us down There. You have a judge for yourself. Hit subscribe. Horrific what he's saying tonight. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million. So that's it. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Bye. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.