
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 Plus in President elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Donald Trump ran away from Washington DC today to take another vacation at Mar-a-Lago to play golf on the taxpayer dime. While on Air Force one, Donald Trump pulled out a golden $5 million bill and said, this is a Trump gold card that we will be selling to oligarchs and people who want to buy citizenship. This is what Trump was doing after crashing the markets today. One of the worst crashes in American history. Here Play this clip. I haven't seen you in a while. I Million For $5 million. This could be used. That was the first of the cards.


And then you know what that card is? Gold card card. It's the gold card, the Trump card, gold card. Who's the first buyer? Me? Who's the second? I don't know, but I'm the first buyer. It'll be out in about less than two weeks from, And just so you can see that Donald Trump previously said that he would be selling these Trump gold cards to Russian oligarchs. This is just from a few weeks back where he confirmed his intention to sell these to oligarchs in Russia. Play this clip. Russian Oligarch. Be eligible for a gold Card. Yeah, possibly. Hey, I know some Russian oligarchs that are very nice people.


It's possible Going back to Donald Trump's trip back to Florida, Mar-a-Lago where he will be golfing again. Here he is on Air Force. One being asked about additional facts that we're learning about all these war plans on signal and Gmail that his defense department and national security advisors are engaged in. Donald Trump responds to the reporter, do not ever ask me about this again. Play this clip. What Can happen on Pete in this IG investigation? Do you wanna weigh in on that? What? What is it? There's an IG investigation into the Secretary of Defense's use of of of the Signal app. Oh, and is that you bringing that up?


Again, don't bring that up again. Your editors from, but that's such a wasted story. So what else? Chinese Farmland Do not ever ask me about this. Again, no offense to babies. I mean, Donald Trump is a little petulant baby. And again, no offense to petulant babies. Donald Trump is then asked when the last time he spoke with President Xi Jingping of China is, and then Donald Trump says, whatever I, it doesn't matter. Nothing matters. Listen to what Trump says here, Play this clip. And It's been an issue for years. It's been, people have talked about it for years, but I have a lot of respect for China and I have a lot of respect for President Xi. When's the last time you talked to President Xi? I speak to President Matter when, but I speak to him.


Have you talked to Zelensky recently? Not too long ago. Yeah. Also, we learned that Donald Trump had been meeting with Laura Loomer in the White House when he announced his tariffs against the world. Laura Loomer, a nine 11 conspiracy theorist. Laura Loomer is someone who said that if Vice President Kamala Harris were to have won the election, it would make the White House smell like curry. She says hateful, ugly, disgusting things. I don't even wanna repeat a lot of the things that you said, but Donald Trump here on Air Force One said that yes, he takes advice and guidance from Laura Loomer, including who to hire and who to fire Play this clip I seen also, can you tell us a little bit about your meeting with Laura Loomer and Mike Waltz today And that came about?


Yeah, so Laura Luer is a very good patriot. She's a very strong person, and I saw her yesterday for a little while. She has, she makes recommendations of things and people, and sometimes I listen to those recommendations like I do with everybody. I listen to everybody and then I make a decision. But I saw her yesterday. She was at the ceremony, and she is, she'll always have something to say, usually very Constructive. What did she recommend? She recommended certain people for jobs. Adding, adding to the administration, not adding. Who did she not Firing? Well, she'll recommend that too.


Who? Who? But yesterday she recommend some people for jobs. Did she have anything to do with the NSC aids who were ousted? No. No, not at all. Do you know how many, sir? Do you know how many from the NSC? Not many. Was it five a dozen? I really dunno who one, there were, there were a couple that, who, who did Laura recommend hiring? Well, I don't wanna say that, but she's, she's recommended some good people over the years. She's been, she's been in the party a long time. She's done a good job. Now, we also learned that Donald Trump did, in fact, fire three individuals working for the National Security Council after Laura Loomer met with Donald Trump.


In otherwise normal times, it would be pretty shocking and probably disqualifying. No, not probably. It would be disqualifying to just say that. But in the Trump regime, this is just, just another story in the mounting chaos and catastrophe and cataclysm that this regime brings, Donald Trump is asked about Elon Musk, will Doge continue to destroy the government and destroy the federal workers after Elon leaves? Trump says, yes. Play this clip. Even When you, even when Elon leaves and goes back to being CEO will do, stick around in some kind of capacity. Yeah. It'll still do Doge yourself.


Yeah. At some point. What does that look like? Just so you understand, I don't wanna get it wrong. I want Elon to stay as long as possible. Number one, I like him. Number two, he's doing a great job. Number three, he is a patriot. That's why he's doing this. And he's, you know, it's very costly for him, but, so I want him to stay as long as possible, but there'll be a point where he's gonna have to leave and what he does, the secretaries will take totally over and Doge will stay active. We have a lot of smart people. A lot of those people, I believe, are gonna go into the agencies. And Donald Trump is asked about, well, why did these National Security Council staffers get fired?


Why were they let go? Why are you firing people? And here's what Donald Trump says, Sir, can I ask you about the NSC? How many staffers were let go and why Your National Security Council, how many staffers were, It was always gonna let go of people. People that we don't like, or people that we don't think you do, do the job or people that may have loyalties to somebody else. You'll always, you'll always have that Really Donald Trump questioning their loyalty. Really, Donald, you are questioning their loyalty with everything that you and Hsif and Mike Walls and your regime of deplorable individuals have done.


That's what you're doing.


Delete Me. Makes it easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. Your data is a commodity. Anyone on the web can buy your private details. This can lead to identity theft, phishing attempts and harassment. But now you can protect your privacy with Delete Me. Now, as someone who, let's just say, has a pretty active presence online and on the internet, it is really important to me that I protect my data. You can imagine all of the attacks that we would otherwise get. So I trust it. I hope you trust it as well. Take control of your data and keep your private live private by signing up for Delete Me Now at a special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan when you go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and use promo code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and enter the code Midas at checkout. That's join Delete Me dot com slash midas. Use the code Midas join Delete Me dot com slash midas. Code Midas. Thanks. Delete Me.


Donald Trump then asked about the market crash taking place today and Trump's response was, yeah, we expected the market crash. That's to be expected here. Play this clip. You ready for some Questions? Anybody wanna buy one? Okay, let's go. First, we'd love to get your reaction, sir, to what's going on in the financial markets today. Well, I mean, it's to be expected where this is a patient that was very sick. We inherited, we really inherited a terrible economy, as you know, with a lot of problems, including loss of manufacturing and plants closed up all over the country.


You know, we've lost 90,000 plants since nafta. If you think of that, 90,000 is not even believable and about 6 million jobs. And so it's a sick, it was a sick patient that went through an operation on Liberation Day. And it's gonna be, it's gonna be a booming country, very booming country. It's gonna be amazing actually. And we see it because we have trillions of dollars committed to come in. Trillions Spoke, interesting. Donald Trump so cavalier about it as well. Also, as we previously had reported, and Donald Trump's post earlier in the day were, Donald Trump said the following, while the markets were crashing.


What? 1600 points with the Dow, four 5% down the Dao, s and p and Nasdaq. Trump goes the op. This is all in caps. The operation is over exclamation point. The patient lived and is healing. The prognosis is that the patient will be far stronger, bigger, better, and more resilient than ever before. Make America great again. That also as we learned, that Donald Trump literally applied tariffs to an island near Antarctica with no human inhabitants that has just comprised of penguins. Yes, Donald Trump, tariffed penguins. He gave the Taliban and exemption to the tariff formula that he hit Europe and our other allies with. Yes. And Donald Trump also tariffed a United States military base.


Donald Trump is asked more questions. Let me show you this too. As Donald Trump said that this was to be expected, and he said that we inherited a terrible economy. We did not, as we've always pointed out before, and as Gillette points out here, unemployment was 4.1%, the lowest in 50 years, he inherited that. GDP growth was 2.4%. Inflation was under 3% headed to 2%. We had the number one economy in the world under former President Biden, 16.2 million jobs created 40,000 infrastructure projects going up. GDP was leading the world, unemployment down, job growth, hitting records.


Donald Trump is then asked about people losing their 4 0 1 ks in live savings. Here's what the Donald Trump says, Play this clip. He's, we have a very good dialogue going, sir. And I Think he was very happy about how we treated them with tariffs. Sir, There a lot of people were upset about how the Daily Mail, a lot of people were upset today about how their 4 0 1 ks were doing. Do you have investments? Would you, looking At how, I Think, I Think our markets are gonna boom. We gotta give it a little chance, but we're taking in jobs and we're taking in industry and we're taking in trillions of dollars, I Think. I Think our markets are gonna boom. We gotta give it a little bit of time.


But they've already started construction on numerous plants sooner. There be many, many plants all over the country. They're going and have you mostly in your day. You gotta give that a little time. I haven checked my 4 0 1. Thank you very much, sir. Sir, What Donald Trump is then asked if he hopes to do deals with the countries and Donald Trump gives a bunch of gibberish word salad, let's play it dead And it's gonna make our country very rich. What Are you open to deals with these countries if they're calling you? Well, It depends. If somebody said that, we're gonna give you something that's so phenomenal, as long as they're giving us something that's good. For instance, with TikTok as an example, we have a situation with TikTok where China will probably say, will approve a deal, but will you do something on the tax?


The tariffs give us great power to negotiate. Always have, I've used them very well in the first administration, as you saw, but now we're taking it to a whole new level because it's a worldwide situation and it's, it's very exciting to see. And what it's done is driven a lot of great companies to our country. And you're gonna see construction starting all over. I already got a couple of calls from Lee Den from Environmental. He's got some big plans to approve. Really, Mr. Donald Trump then talks about how China may want to give him a call now to try to cut a deal on TikTok.


This is what this maniac is talking about. Let's play it on Your earlier comment about TikTok. You said that the Chinese might be willing to agree to approve that sale in exchange for tariff relief. Is that something that you floated to them or you've heard from them or No, I'm just using that as an example. Let's say we had a problem with TikTok and let's say China wasn't gonna approve, we could use tariffs in order to get it approved. You know, the deadline is seven. You give them something in return. What's the update on the deal negotiations? We have, we're very close to a deal with a very good group of people. Larry Ellison and or Paul. Is it multiple investors? Just as Multiple Mr. And then did the last minute bids kind of throw things into disarray for you?


Or do you have your strategy completely locked up on who's gonna Which last minute on On which on acquiring TikTok? No, I Think there were like, I Think, I Think that China maybe will call and say, well, we're upset with the tariffs and maybe they want to get something a little bit in order to get TikTok approved. Who knows? There's under radar speak to share. I have no knowledge of that. That's the kind of thing, Israel, can you Give us any? Trump then attacks Europe, which got some of the harshest treatment by Donald Trump on these tariffs against the world. Let's play it. And you're losing 2000, 3000 sometimes a week. So we we're, you know, spearheading the drive to get it done.


Europe has not been successful in dealing with President Putin, but I Think I'll be successful. Sir, Can I ask, Donald Trump has asked how long it will take to get manufacturing here and Trump says it will be at least a two year process. That's first of it's gonna take longer than that, Donald, but that's kind of the problem here, that you've now created such uncertainty in the marketplace. Are you gonna take the tariffs away? Are you not gonna take the tariffs away? No one knows what to do. We're seeing factories engage in mass layoffs right now. We're set for another crash, likely tomorrow of the economy. Play this clip. Mr. How long will it take to get manufacturing with American Manufacturing to where you would like to see it?


Well, let's say it's a two year process. You know, they start a plant and their big plants, we're giving them approval to also, in many cases, to build the electric facility with it. So you have electric generation and the plant and their big plants. Now the good news is a lot of money for 'em and they can build them fast, but they're still very big plans. So I'd always say it would take a year and a half to two years, Mr. President, President. And there you have it folks. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. I wanted to share with you what went down. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@storemidastouch.com all 100% USA Union made.