
So we know Vice President Kamala Harris now is up in the polls. The energy and momentum is through the roof. And Donald Trump is having more unhinged rants. He's having a meltdown. He can't handle it. Look, the front page of Drudge says Shock polls. Kamala Harris is up in Reuters Ipsos, she's up in the Marist poll. And just take a look though, because now that people are paying attention, finally to the things that Donald Trump's saying, just look at his behavior. I wanna show you what he's been doing and I want to contrast it with Vice President Kamala Harris. And then I also want to show you what has JD Vance been doing? And I want to contrast it with a VP hopeful as well for Vice President Kamala Harris.


Now that she's at the top of the ticket, take a look at what Trump posts. He goes to himself, he calls Trump, calls himself here, a fine and brilliant young man named Donald J. Trump. He's talking about himself in a post and calling himself a brilliant young man. How weird is that? Here's what he writes. Lyon, Kamala Harris Biden appointed borders are, which isn't even true, who never visited the border and whose incompetence gave us the worst and most dangerous border anywhere in the world, has absolutely terrible poll numbers. See how he spells poll there? POLE. Remember back in the days where Vice President Dan Quale was basically, you know, run outta politics because he spelled potato wrong.


Why are we just normalizing this Idiocracy here? And then it gets worse, of course, in the post where Donald Trump goes and absolutely terrible poll numbers against a fine and brilliant young man named Donald J. Trump. I mean, how pathetic can you be? Then Donald Trump posts this YouTube video of himself with a professional golfer where he's like driving around in the cart and like putting, and it's so weird. Here's the video that that, that they promoted and posted on Trump's social media Play, the clip Tongs of all time. Yeah. Do you have that? Well, oh, I have. I have. Yeah, I have a great playlist. I mean playlist. I have a playlist. That's What do you got here? So this is stuff that wouldn't have happened there you years ago.


This is all good stuff. Yep. It's too old for you. But I will tell you, you What? Then Donald Trump post a Q Anon account with all these Q Anon messages, which like refers to Donald Trump as a God, and then God is protecting him. Trump has posted over 2000, let me repeat that number one more time. 2000 Q Anon messages or amplified Q Anon accounts on his social media platform over and over again, like just deranged, all caps messages like this. Then he's whining over here. What's he whining about Fox having Governor Tim Walls on? Why did Fox News put up Tim Walls, governor of Minnesota where I am leading, you are not.


They make me fight battles that I shouldn't have to fight. But Fox is supposed to work for you. I mean. Again, think about how deranged these posts are. And by the way, he posted like 30 of these today. I'm not gonna read you all of them. You'll get the point after the handful right here, then Donald Trump goes, the Biden Harrison administration did not properly protect me, and I was forced to take a bullet for democracy. It was my great honor to do so. To just go away, you whiny playing the victim. All of stop whining. Donald Trump goes lion. Kamala Harris destroys everything she touches. Does Lion Kamala Harris think Joe Biden's fit to run the USA? She must answer these questions. Now. It appears Joe is delegating his presidential authority to unelected Washington bureaucrats.


He doesn't even trust his vice president who is running the country. Does Lyon Kamala Harris think Joe Biden is fit to run the USA for the next six months? She must answer the question at the request of Bibi Netanyahu. We have switched the meeting to Friday, July 26th at Mar-a-Lago, looking forward to me, looking forward to seeing Bibi Netanyahu on Friday. Okay, why are, why is there foreign dignitaries or leaders showing up, like whether it's Victor Orban or Bibi Netanyahu trying to interfere with our elections? I think you know the, you know, I think you know the, you know the answer there Anyway, here's what Adam Kininger has to say. He goes the Republican Party.


This is former Republican. This is a Republican, Adam Kininger. This is what he said. The Republican Party flipped from honorable small government to a strong defense party, to culture, war, worship of the most dishonest man ever to occupy the presidency. It's a powerful message. By the way, have you seen this image right here, Obama? Hope, Trump hate Biden heal. Kamala grow. I think that's such a powerful image, and feel free to take a screenshot and share it.


Cat food has been the same forever. It's time for cat food to move into the 21st century. Don't you agree? That's why you've gotta try Smalls. It's time to make kibble a thing of the past. Smalls cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative-free ingredients you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why veterinarians.org rate Smalls at 10 out of 10 for ingredient quality. Now, our cat's favorite flavor is smooth fish, and our cats prefer Smalls way more than the previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test. I didn't actually eat it myself, but put two bowls side by side and they immediately went to Smalls. Smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food and small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the country. I feel better knowing I'm feeding my cat real food, not burned gibble. I could finally open a packet of cat food and not get nauseous. I actually recognize the ingredients in a packet of smallest food. So after making the switch to smallest, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvement. That's great. That's a big deal. The team at Smalls is so confident your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food Now, now is the time to make the switch to Smalls. So head to Smalls dot com. It's easy to spell S-M-A-L-L s.com, Smalls dot com slash midas, and use the promo code Midas at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer you'll find, but you have to use our code Midas for 50% off your first order, one last time. That's promo code Midas. For 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping, go to Smalls dot com slash Midas.


By the way, Donald Trump did an interview at Mar-a-Lago last night without the ear bandage. You see him there, and I just wanna show you how embarrassing right now, Donald Trump's VP pick is. So lemme show you this clip here to give you the data. Trump's VP, VP pick JD Vance is the most unpopular pick in VP candidate history coming out of a convention. Here's the data. Let me play you the short clip. It's a negative net territory. Look at that negative six points. I will tell you, Aaron, I have gone all the way back since 1,980. He is the first guy after immediately following a convention of VP pick who actually had a net negative favorable rating that is underwater. The average since 2000 is plus 19 points.


JD Vance making history in the completely wrong way. And look, JD Vance gave a speech this week where he talked about how people would call him gay for drinking Diet Mountain Dew I mean. Can you follow what he's even talking about here? Here Play, the clip. It is the weirdest thing to me. Democrats say that it is racist to believe. Well, they say it's racist to do anything. I had a diet Mountain Dew yesterday and one today. I'm sure they're gonna call that racist too, but it's good. I love you guys.


And then the Midas Touch Network editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski unearthed this video where JD Vance says that a big problem in America is that it is run by quote, childless cat ladies, JD Vance, Donald Trump's running mate, Play the clip Believe. Do you think that there's someone she could pick as her vice president that would make him regret that choice? Well, again, that's gonna be her call, her process. But what I will say is that the choice of JD Vance is a regrettable choice because he's somebody who was at his most convincing and effective when he talked about how unfit for office Donald Trump is. and he is not explained any reason other than of course, his obvious interest in power.


Why he would've changed his mind on that. Remember JD Vance's whole identity is that he is connected to Appalachia, a place that is being hurt so profoundly by the opioid crisis. So the fact that he didn't just refer to Donald Trump as an idiot, though he did, didn't just say all kinds of things about how he was terrible, but compared Donald Trump to opioids. That that is literally the darkest, most negative things someone connected to Appalachian could possibly say about a politician. And that was in public, right? In private. He was comparing him to Hitler. Reportedly he has yet to explain why his opinion would be any different other than his own search for power.


So when He said, now let me show you what Pete Buttigieg, who is on the shortlist, although I don't think he'll ultimately be Kamala Harris's vp. He'd be great. So would Josh Shapiro and Mark Kelly and Cooper or Gretchen, the others. Anyway, he, he, here's what Pete Buttigieg said yesterday though about JD Vance. Listen to this. He intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations and make working families foot the bill. They intend to end the Affordable Care Act. And take us back then to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with pre-existing conditions.


Remember what that was like? Children with asthma, women who survived breast cancer, grandparents with diabetes America has tried these failed economic policies before. But we are not going back. We're not going back. I thought it was so powerful.


Now, take Donald Trump's posts in his statements. Oh, I gotta show you one more. Lemme show you one more before I show you Kamala's speech. So Donald Trump, then yesterday posts, I love Elon. This is an email that Trump sent to his supporters. He goes, I love Elon Musk. He just endorsed me. I love him, but I love Ben even more. I mean again. How weird are these messages telling PE I love you, I love Elon. And then Elon Musk gives an interview where he says he's not donating $45 million to Donald Trump because Elon doesn't want to support a cult of personality. And this has had Silicon Valley switching away from Donald Trump. Now towards Kamala Harris.


I mean this is instant ultimate karma for Donald Trump. It's like his worst nightmare that we're all gonna watch him meltdown every single day. Now, compare all of that weirdness to Vice President Kamala Harris. Let me show you this clip of her right here. So as Leah told you, before I was elected vice president, before I was elected United States Senator, I was elected Attorney General of the state of California. And I was a courtroom prosecutor before them. And in those roles, I took on perpetrators of all kinds predators, who abused women fraudsters, who ripped off consumers cheaters, who broke the rules for their own gain.


So hear me when I say I know Donald Trump's type. And in this campaign, I promise you, I will proudly put my record against his any day of the week.


As Attorney General of California, I took on one of our country's largest for-profit colleges. That was scamming students. Donald Trump ran a for-profit college that scammed students. As a prosecutor, I specialized in cases involving sexual abuse. Well, Trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse. As Attorney General of California, I took on the big Wall Street banks and held them accountable for fraud. Donald Trump was just found guilty of fraud on 34 counts.


Here's one more clip of her from her speech yesterday in Wisconsin, He intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations and make working families foot the bill. They intend to end the Affordable Care Act. And take us back then to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with pre-existing conditions. Remember what that was like? Children with asthma, women who survived breast cancer, grandparents with diabetes America has tried these failed economic policies before.


But we are not going back. We're not not going back. They're not going back. We're not going back. And this is how Fox is trying to spin it. Here is John Hannity saying this is the honeymoon phase here at Play. the clip As of tonight. Now, tonight also the Democratic Party. You need to understand what's happening here. This is Kamala's honeymoon period. She is experiencing a sugar high, a re, you know, a feeling of relief and enthusiasm that the guy that can't walk and talk that stays and confused the guy that mumbles and bumbles and stumbles.


Oh, thank God it's not him. It's it's a honeymoon. It's a sugar high. But mark my words, it will be short live. Anyway, share with me what you think. Let me know what you feel Trump's meltdown. A delight. A delight to report a. It's a subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.