
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Wow. Elon Musk and Donald Trump just held a disastrous press conference in the Oval Office. The purported purpose of this press conference was that Elon's time working for the government would now officially come to an end. But Donald Trump stated during this press conference that Elon is really not leaving. Also, notable Elon has a black eye, which was very noticeable during this disastrous press conference. Listen to Trump, say Elon is not leaving during a press conference where Elon claims to be leaving play this clip so They're not leaving and Elon's really not leaving. He's gonna be back and forth. I think I have a feeling it's it's his baby and I think he's gonna be doing a lot of things.


But Elon's service to America has been without comparison in modern histories Already. So next Elon is asked about his eye. Here's what he says. Play this clip. Well, I wanted To ask quickly, Mr. Musk, what is your eye? Okay, what happens to your, to your eye? I noticed there's a bruise There. Well, it wasn't, I wasn't anywhere near France. So, but What does that mean? I didn't, first Lady of France, I didn't, So yeah, no, I just ho around with little X and I said go ahead, punch me in the face. And he did It turns out even a five girl punching you in the in the face actually does Know his exited. Yeah, ex do.


If you knew I didn't feel much at the time and I guess it bruises up, but I just around wasn't outta the, I didn't notice it actually. I Know that Elon Musk spends his time during this press conference talking about the Oval Office being painted gold and how great it looks being painted gold. I've heard many people refer to it as the predator's bordello play this clip, By the way, isn't this incredible? Like, this incredible look. The, I mean it's stunning. I think the, the, the way that the Oval Office, the president has just completely redone the, the whole office. It's beautiful. I I love the gold on the ceiling.


Thank You. It's Pretty nice. Yeah. So That's been there a long time. That was plastered. Nobody ever really saw it. Yeah, they didn't know the eagle was up there. We highlighted it's a, essentially it's a landmark, a great landmark, and that's 24 karat gold and everybody loved it. And now they all see it when they come in. So it's been, it's been good. The Oval Office has had, you know, finally has the majesty that it deserves, thanks to the President. So Donald Trump then lies and claims that $8 million was being spent on transgender mice, which has been debunk, debunked repeatedly play this clip. He's been able to find it $8 million for making mice transgender.


So they spend $8 million on making mice transgender. And those are better than many of the, I could sit here all day and read things just like that. But we have other things to do. So it's much, Elon Musk then says that he has a few more words that he wants to say and then he says, it's really not the end of Doge. But really the beginning play this clip, Large luck. Well, lemme say perhaps a few words that this is not the end of Doge, but really the beginning my time as a special government employee necessarily had to end. It was a limited time thing. It's 134 days, I believe, which ends in a few days. So, so that, you know, it comes with a time limit it and, but, but the Doge team will only grow stronger over time.


The Doge influence will only grow stronger. It's, I like it to sort of Buddhism, it's like a way of life. So it, it is permeating throughout the government and I'm confident that over time we'll see a trillion dollars of savings and reduction in, in a trillion dollars of waste of fraud reduction. The calculations of the dose Doge team thus far in, in terms of FY 20, Elon Musk is asked about the failure of Doge, which claimed it was gonna cut $2 trillion in government spending and make 2 trillion in government cuts. Actually, federal spending is significantly higher now under Donald Trump than it was in the same period under former President Biden. Also based on Donald Trump's disastrous budget.


The deficit is going to increase by trillions making Doge the most unsuccessful government program in American history. Here play this clip. Mr. Mr. Ma on Doge. You said that there was a trillion dollar promise for cuts from Doge. Yes. I think we, we, we do expect over time to achieve the trillion dollars, But what have you found in your time here was the biggest roadblock to getting those cuts? Was it the cabinet or was it congress or something else? What was the biggest roadblock from your work? It's mostly just a lot of hard work. It's, it's really not any, anyone personal congress. It's going through really millions of line items and saying does each one of them make sense or does not make sense?


Obviously at times when you cut expenses, those who receiving the money, whether they receive, whether they're receiving that money legitimately or or not, they do complain. And you, you're not gonna hear someone confessing that they receive money inappropriately. Never. They're gonna always say that they receive money appropriately for, for an important cause. Naturally, that's what you'd expect. But so, so we're just have to, it's, it's a, it's just a lot of work. Donald Trump then says, as a result of the current condition that he loves debt. Basically we need to extend the debt. We need to extend it more debt, extend the debt, listen to him in his own words, play this clip. I mean, We, and I think it's gonna be a passed. The Republicans want to pass it with all of the great things it does, including an extension of debt.


It's the extension. We have to extend the debt. If we don't extend debt, we're in default. Now, the Democrats might like our country to be in default, but in 250 years we've never been in default. That was handed to them by a very well-meaning man that gave it to them because he thought it was the right thing to do. It could have been their problem before the election. But this man thought it was the right thing to do and he was well-meaning I don't hold anything against him for that. But that was put on our plate when it should have been on the Democrats September 28th, a famous date. It should have been taken care of by the Democrats. But this person, a man of power gave it to us so that in June that comes due.


Well, we have to take care of that because Elon Musk is asked about Donald Trump. They're both asked about a report about Elon Musk being addicted to ketamine and mushrooms and taking cocktails of drugs while he was running Doge and running our country into the ground. And then Elon Musk goes with Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. Your play this clip. Thank you President Trump. The president mentioned that you had to deal with all the slings and arrows during your time at Doge. There's this New York, well, some of the people, you know, some of the media organizations in this room were the, the stingers. Well, so there is a New York Times report today that accuses you of blurring a lot between, wait, is the New York Is New York Times? Is that the same publication that Pulitzer Prize for false reporting on on the Russiagate?


Is, is it the same organization? I gotta check my It's Pulitzer counter. It's, it's, and so I, I think they, I think the judge just ruled against the New York Times for their, their lies about the Russiagate hoax And that, that they might have to give back that pulitz surprise that New York Times. Let's move on. Okay then. Question President Trump. I got one for, I got one for President Trump. So President Trump, Next up Donald Trump and Elon Musk are asked if the tariffs imposed by Donald Trump are going to hurt companies like Tesla and then Donald Trump idiotically responds, no, because everything's gonna be manufactured in America. All the parts, everything. So it's all going to be great.


That's not going to happen. And we know that Donald Trump is a taco Trump always chickens out play this clip Concerned That tariff may also affect companies like Tesla, which has parts manufactured abroad. And this is also to you, Mr. Musk. Well, he's gonna end up building this whole car here. I mean, I thought he built this whole car pretty much he does. He's got incredible factories in like, I looked at one in Texas. It's unbelievable. I know way all of the manufacturers will build their parts here too. I mean, I, I, it used to bother me, they make a, a part in Canada, part in Mexico, a part in Europe and sent all over the place and nobody knew what the hell was happening. I think it's, you build a car, make it in America.


And I gave them a little leeway on that, you know, and gave them some leeway. But over the next year, they've gotta have the whole thing built in America. That's what we want. We want America to buy American built cars. Thank you very much Guys. Good meeting. Are you considering? Thanks guys. Keep going. Keep going, keep going. Thank you. Thanks guys. Let's go straight out here. Thank you. Thanks guys. We can come.


When was the last time that you truly trusted seafood you brought home? Now I used to question everything from nutrition and taste to sustainability until I discovered the wild Alaskan company. Wild Alaskan company is the best way to get a wild caught, perfectly portioned, nutrient-dense seafood delivered directly to your door. Trust me, you haven't tasted fish this good. I was so excited the first time I received my shipment from the Wild Alaskan company. Now I received my Pacific halibut and pan-seared it that evening. It was delicious. The Wild Alaskan company is 100% wild caught, never farmed. This means there are no antibiotics, GMOs, or additives. Just clean real fish that support healthy oceans and fishing communities. It's nutrient rich and full of flavor. Wild Alaskan fish is frozen off the boat to lock in taste, texture, and nutrients. Like omega threes my favorite. It's also sustainably sourced, wild caught from Alaska. Every order supports sustainable harvesting practices and your memberships delivers flexible shipments, expert tips, and truly feel good seafood. Now, if you're not completely satisfied with your first box, wild Alaskan company will give you a full refund, no questions asked, no risk, just high quality seafood. Not all fish are the same. Get seafood you can trust. Go to wild alaskan.com/midas for $35 off your first box of premium wild caught seafood. That's wild alaskan.com/midas for $35 off your first order. Thanks to Wild Alaskan Company for sponsoring this episode.


Donald Trump then says, without tariffs, our nation would be imperiled. Play this clip. Tariffs are so important and that's why we were so happy with the decision yesterday where the tariffs continue. Because without the tariffs, our nation would be imperiled. We would really be imperiled. I think I can say that with great charity, Scott and Howard. And so we were very happy to get that decision, that big decision yesterday. Alright Then, if that's true, then why did you withdraw your tariffs against the world? If you think they're so great, if you think they're so great, then why did you withdraw 145% tariffs on China and make them 30%? Tariffs are a absolute disaster.


They cause a great deal of harm. And Trump always chickens out. Next Donald Trump with Elon standing next to him plays news clips on a laptop, play this clip. People who I've respected over the years from, you know, Joe, Karen and Rick Elli. This just came out and we'll just play that for a second. Personal income is up eight tenths up, eight tenths of a percent. That is almost triple the expectations, the income, The, you know, watching this, I don't know, I don't, I mean to take this seriously, like if you have an elderly person in your life who may suffer from dementia or someone when they would be like, go, come, come here Ben, I wanna show you a video.


I wanna show you a video. I'm gonna debunk that video in just a moment. Because actually the job, the the income increase is actually caused by retroactive social security benefits caused by former President Biden. But we'll get into that in in a moment. Donald Trump then says, Elon's service has been the greatest thing in America. Play this clip. Many of the Doge people, Elon are staying behind too. So they're not leaving. And Elon's really not leaving. He's gonna be back and forth. I think I have a feeling it's it's his baby and I think he's gonna be doing a lot of things. But Elon's service to America has been, without comparison in modern history, More of Donald Trump attacking Harvard University and saying he wants to take Harvard's money and put it into trade schools.


Or Donald, you can do what former President Biden did, which was invest in trade schools and invest in research institutes. It's not a a zero sum game that you have to destroy America's top universities. And also you're not helping trade schools either. You're actually destroying 'em and running 'em into the ground to play this clip. Every Three days we find another a hundred million dollars that was given last two days ago. We found $200 million more. The money's given to them like gravy. I'd like to see the money go to trade schools where people learn how to fix motors and engines, where people learn how to build rocket ships. 'cause you know, somebody has to build those rocket ships. Yeah, and I'd like to see trade schools set up. 'cause you could take 5 billion plus hundreds of billions more, which is what's spent.


And you could have the greatest trade school system anywhere in the world. And that's what we need to build his rockets and robots and things that He's Elon Musk whining about. Judges play the clip. I I think the, the fundamental moral flaw of the left is empathy for the criminals and not empathy for the victims. Empathy for the criminals, but not empathy for. And there's, there's been way too much of that that needs to stop. To the President's point, there's been immense judicial overreach that is unconstitutional, that was never intended. And it's undermining the people's faith in the legal system. It needs to stop.


It's gone too far. Mr. Donald Trump then gives Elon Musk this weird key here. You can see this play, this clip A little special, something we have here. Thank you. A very special that I give to very special people. I have given it to some, but it goes to very special people and I thought I'd, I'd give it to Elon as a presentation from our country. Thank you. Thank you Elon. Thank you. Take care. Thank you Luck. This is amazing. A large luck. Well let you say perhaps a few words that, Alright, let's talk about Elon's Black Eye for a second.


I don't know if it's related to this, but the Daily Mail was reporting that Elon Musk and Treasury Secretary Scott Besson got into a physical altercation recently. And Caroline Levitt from the White House did not deny that a physical alteration altercation took place. Apparently, treasury Secretary Scott Bestin confronted Elon Musk about not making any cuts and actually adding debt as, and then apparently Elon Musk pushed him and a fight broke out. So I'm not sure if that's what caused the black eye. I hear many people are calling it a DE black eye, I guess, or something like that.


Also, Elon Musk took Steven Miller's wife. Elon Musk took Steven Miller's wife to work with him as raw story reports. Rumor swirl as Stephen Miller's wife leaves the White House to work for Elon Musk. Hard to surprise me anymore, but a somewhat credible rumor of Aple between Throuple Drupal, between Stephen Miller, his wife, and Elon Musk has really thrown me for a loop. We're seeing memes like this. Stephen Miller watching his wife go to work for Elon, the Kuck chair, rumor swirl as Stephen Miller's wife leaves the White House to work for Elon Musk, Rick Wilson posted that even the Democratic account posted a photo of a, of a Kuck chair.


I'm, I'm apparently learning what that wasn't sure what that meant, but okay, that's the Kuck chair. And Donald Trump is then asked about, is Putin a good guy or a bad guy here, play this clip. Do you look at this and see Putin as the good guy or the bad guy? So I've known him very well and I went through a lot of things with him because Russia was, you know, the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax turned out to be a total hoax. New York Times, they got a Pulitzer Prize, they have to get back to Pulitzer Prize. That's my lawsuit. And they're doing very poorly in that lawsuit. But you know, they wrote stories about how it was true and it was false. And you know, a lot of Washington Post also, I have gotten to see things that I was very surprised at Rockets being shot into cities like Kiev during the negotiation that I felt was maybe very close to ending.


We were gonna solve a problem and then all of a sudden rockets got shot into a couple of cities and people died. I saw things that I was surprised at. So, and I don't like being surprised. So I'm very disappointed in that way. With that being said, I'd like to see it end 5,000 people. I think the numbers act even more than that, but 5,000 people a week are being killed. Mostly soldiers, but also people that live in little cities and towns throughout Ukraine. And I'd like to see that. Stop. And You have folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas.


Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.