
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into Sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


I'm William Gouge of URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's vu OR i.com/william. Where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Location. The lab, Quentin only has 24 hours to sell his car. Is that even possible? He goes to carvana.com. What is this? A movie trailer He ignores the doubters, enters his license plate. Wow, that's a great offer. The car is sold, but will Carvana pick it up in time for it? They'll literally pick it up tomorrow morning. Done with the dramatics Car selling in record time. Save your time. Go to carvana.com and sell your car today. Pick up these may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 T's and C's apply.


This Is a real email that Donald Trump just sent the subject reads, they're laughing at the suckers that we are. Exclamation point when you open the email, it is a photo of Donald Trump pointing at a direction, I assume in the direction of his MAGA supporters. Yes, Donald Trump. You are the laughing stock of the entire world. Our enemies are laughing at how weak you've made the United States our allies, who you've pushed away are both humiliated by what the United States has become under you, and they are horrified at the weakness that you are demonstrating and the implications there too.


Donald Trump then sent an email where he was whining about being sued. I'm being sued, is what the subject line reads. He goes, red alert. My historic Doge initiative is being sued by deranged radical leftists. Actually, Donald, your regime filed an emergency petition yesterday with the Supreme Court to try to keep all of Dojo's activities secret citing executive immunities and privileges saying that we, the people should not get Freedom of Information Act requests processed to know what the hell Doge did with the federal agencies that we rely on for essential services.


Oh, I thought this was gonna be the most transparent thing ever. No, it is actually added to the federal deficit. It hasn't cut anything. Federal spending is up right now. Oh, and by the way, this talk that Elon Musk is taking a a backseat right now. He's focused on other things. Nope, y'all are just saying that it's another fraud that you are all committing to try to lower his profile because his companies are completely trash right now. But he was there at all of those meetings. He was there with you in the Middle East with the $400 billion gold plated jet that the United States was bribed by cutter and accepted officially by the Pentagon yesterday.


He was there in the Middle East with you. He was there yesterday when you were with the president of South Africa and you made the president of South Africa OSA watch, right wing white supremacist brain rot, conspiracy trash, literally showing apartheid flags and claiming that there are burial sites for a mass genocide, which is not what that image actually was. It's some far right wing white supremacist crazy stuff that you were showing the president of South Africa. He's like, what? Like what are you showing me? And he had to even say to you, I'm sorry that, and he was kind of mocking you too.


I'm sorry that we can't get you a private jet. I'm sorry. We can't provide for you the private jet that they, that they can in the Middle East here play this clip. I'm sorry I don't have a plane to give you. I wish. I wish I did. I would take, if your country offered the United States Air Force a plan, I would take it. Okay, now the rest of the world is looking at this and saying America is over. That's how the international community sees this. Xi Jinping in China is all smiles right now and he's trying to project China as a stabilizing force. He's been mocking the United States all week, putting out statements like we hope the United States will just calm down a little bit and act more stable.


I, there's a flight away from the dollar, a flight away from United States treasuries. We just had a treasury bond auction and they're usually, they usually do well completely trash the 30 year treasury yields going up. That's a bad sign. When the 30 year treasury yields increase like that, the government's gonna have to pay more interest on its debt because less people actually wanna hold onto the notes. That's why you don't want a high treasury yield. The 20 and 30 years it's supposed to be a a, a lower amount. 'cause you're supposed to have a stable government. They hit 5.07% right now, which is kind of in catastrophic territory or just about to be in catastrophic territory.


So all of this is going on. Here's what Donald Trump posted. He posted that he wants to take Fannie and Freddie Mack private. He said go public, but he really means basically privatize it and remove it from the federal government. I'm giving very serious consideration to bringing Fannie and Freddie Mack public. I will be speaking with the Treasury secretary, Scott Bessant and Secretary of Commerce, Howard Lutnick and the director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, William Pule, among others that will be making a decision in the near future. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mack are doing very well, throwing off a lot of cash and the time would seem to be right. Stay tuned. Trump is going to destroy housing and we're going to have another catastrophic event in the housing sector.


I think Carson Foley puts it succinctly here when He says, this confuses me. I would use the word disturbs, but you could use the word confusing. Privatize Fannie and Freddie rates shoot up because there's no government backstop. Home prices collapse because there's no demand because of the rates. Affordability is the exact same. I would say affordability is much, much less affordable Now, I mean, interest rates are above 7% for a mortgage. So asset values go down, leverage costs go up and no one can buy a house. Can someone explain how this helps anyone? You know, all this helps.


Donald Trump and his billionaire friends, they don't give a crap about any of this. Cruelty is the point. And yesterday, another disastrous day on Wall Street, the Dow was down almost 2%. The NASDAQ was down a point and a half. Basically the s and p 1.6%. The volatility I've said of this market resembles a Trump meme coin where basically you have magar, Republican Congress members, insider trading, trump's cronies, insider trading. And we, the people are getting absolutely trashed and screwed. All of this was going on yesterday.


A federal judge in Massachusetts also found that the Trump regime violated a court order, were likely headed towards criminal contempt from this Massachusetts federal judge when the Trump regime deported a Burmese national from the United States to South Sudan. That's one of the areas in addition to El Salvador, they're sending people to South Sudan while there are injunctions in place, cruelty is the point without due process in violation of the Supreme Court order, in violation of federal injunctions. I talked about that Trump disastrous press conference with South African President osa, by the way, go back and watch the video.


I did. I did a whole video on this disastrous press conference yesterday. So President Osa of South Africa also brought with him the agriculture ministers and golfers. He brought white people with him. Let me just say what it was. He brought white African or people with him and you had the white agriculture minister there and Rama Foso was like, ask him, there's no genocide against white farmers. There is crime. People recognize that South Africa has a crime problem and the crime is disproportionately or, or significantly. I'm not sure disproportionately it impacts farmers.


But there are white farmers in South Africa. There are black farmers in some areas. The deaths of black farmers are more than the deaths of white farmers. But there isn't a government genocide taking place in South Africa that Trump claims exist. Where Trump and then Trump's playing all of these videos that are just these bs like white supremacist conspiracy theory stuff and, and OSA's watching it. It's like, what? Where is this? What is this? The, the white agriculture minister's watching this? Like you don't know. You don't know what you're talking about. And Trump starts yelling and railing at the NBC reporter in the room here, watch this.


Mr. President the Pentagon announced that it would be accepting a Qatari jet to be used as Air Force one. What are you talking about? What do You know You to get outta here. What does this have to do with the Qatari jet? They're giving the United States Air Force a jet. Okay. And it's a great thing. We're talking about a lot of other things. This NBC trying to get off the subject, subject of what you just saw. You are a real, you know, you're a terrible reporter. Number one, you, you don't have what it takes to be a reporter. You're not smart enough. But for you to go onto a subject about a, a jet that was given to the United States Air Force, which is a very nice thing, they also gave $5.1 trillion worth of investment in addition to the jet.


Go back. You ought to go back to your studio at NBC because Brian Robertson, the people that run that place, they ought to be investigated. They are so terrible the way you run that debt work. And you are disgracing. No more questions from you. Go ahead. Let's go ahead. Talk about that. His name is Peter. So, but he's a terrible reporter. Quiet, quiet, quiet. My question though, let's go a Dog bit. Laura Hamm's hand her dog bit her. That's what she was talking about yesterday. Her dog bit, her dogs know, I'm not even sure why I'm even talking about that, but her dog bit her and she wanted everybody to know that her dog bitter, her dogs know.


Let's talk about this budget scam quickly as well. I think Moscowitz puts it succinctly. The GOP's big beautiful Bill Repeals, a tax on gun silencers that's been on the books for over 90 years. So while house Republicans are driving up the cost of healthcare kicking off people from Medicaid, 13 million people will lose their Medicaid, people will lose Medicare as well. Medicare is on the chopping block. People under the Affordable Care Act going to lose their healthcare as well. Under this disastrous Bill Snap is going to be cut. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance, rental Assistance, HUDs rental assistance programs are gonna be completely gut so that billionaires can get their tax cuts.


But moscowitz, it's not only that, it is a repeal on gun silence. Taxes inserted in the budget bill was that there would no longer be regulations that you have to register silencers with the A TF. So one of the things that clinched this for the MAGA Republicans is that no regulations on silencers, which has been around for 90 years. I mean, how utterly pathetic than that. And of course, Donald Trump finished his disastrous Oval Office press conference with President OSA by whining about the fact that Russia is not a part of the G seven and it's not the G eight anymore. Play this clip.


And are you Preparing to come so without the United States, the G 20, just like the G seven, used to be the G eight, but brilliantly, they threw Russia out. Would've been a lot better if Russia was in. You know, a lot of people would say, oh, that sounded, because if Russia was in, you probably wouldn't have this war. And if you had a different president, you wouldn't have the war either. You don't get much more despicable than that. Folks, I'm Ben maus from the Midas Touch Network. Folks, we have to keep on growing the resistance and this opposition. We need you to subscribe to the Midas Touch Channel right now. Also check out Midas Plus dot com. Thanks for watching. Love this video.


Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.