
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames and adjustable handlebar oversized wheels and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. A bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


So by now, we all know that Donald Trump's call with Vladimir Putin last week was really just a total capitulation and a surrender. And Donald Trump saying that he's not going to be involved in any negotiations anymore. That Donald Trump's promise to end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours from Putin's unlawful invasion is over. Donald Trump tried to cast it as a win. Look, I've got the two sides to actually speak together for the first time. That's just complete and total BS and I I want to just also show you some data just over the past week as well. There's a, a lot of things happening internationally.


I mean it, it's obvious to everybody in Europe right now, that America is out and In fact not just out affirmatively rooting for Putin on the sidelines. 'cause Donald Trump wants to either do personal deals with Putin or wants to help Putin. That's, that's kind of obvious to Europe. We saw Europe and Greenland enter into a lucrative minerals deal as a big intentional middle finger to Donald Trump. And don't think folks that these things are in any way unrelated. I mean we continue to see Zelinsky doing, I think brilliant diplomacy with his European allies with Canada, Australia and others. This past week you had Marco Rubio testify in the Senate and also in the house and he was asked repeatedly over and over again, you know, is Vladimir Putin a war criminal?


Do you think Putin is a war criminal? I want you all to remember also, we can't forget all of these things. It was just what, three or four months ago that when there was a United Nations resolution condemning Russia for its unlawful invasion, the United States was one of like only three countries to side with Russia and vote no to condemn Russia. Didn't just even abstain, voted with Russia against the free world. Like we can't forget what a big deal that was. And here's Rubio, who at this point has really become one of the most pathetic vile gremlins that there are here. Let's, let's, let's play Rubio from this past week.


Let's play it. Secondly, the person we're negotiating with Lamette Putin, is he a war criminal? Well, I think you can look at instances that have happened there and certainly characterize him as war crimes, but our intent is to end the war. Is he A war Criminal? We can't end the war without talking to Mr. Put No, That's pretty simple. Is he a war criminal? Well, that's this man. We're negotiating with Vladimir Putin. Is he a war criminal? Tough. But why? I'm, I'm trying to answer your question by telling you that we're trying to end the war Here. Answer, go ahead. No, you're Equi. Simple answer. You were equivocating. Sir, just answer the question. I'm answering your question. And the answer is that war crimes have been committed, no doubt. And who's responsible for that?


There will be time and place for that accountability, but right now the Wow, because that's the exact opposite, of course, what Rubio was saying when he was a senator and he was asking Rex Tillerson, who was then Donald Trump's secretary of state, who's previously in the job that Rubio now has. And of course Tillerson called Donald Trump during that first term, I think like the dumbest piece of shit I've ever seen in my life or words to words to that effect. And he had a short tenure. But just take a look at this. Let me ask you this question. Is Vladimir Putin a war criminal? I would not use that term. Well, let me describe a situation in Aleppo and perhaps that will help you reach that conclusion.


In Aleppo, Mr. Putin has directed his military to conduct a devastating campaign. He's targeted schools, markets not just assisted the Syrians in doing it, his military has targeted schools and markets and other civilian infrastructure. It's resulted in the death of thousands of civilians. This is not the first time Mr. Putin is involved in campaigns of this kind. Back when he was just appointed Prime Minister before he was elected, and I'm sure you're aware of that period of time, there was a series of bombings and they blamed it on the Chechens. And Mr. Putin personally said that he would punish them. And so he ordered the Air Force to bomb the Chechen capital. Agni, they used scud missiles to hit hospitals. The city's main outdoor market packed with shoppers.


137 people died instantly. They used thermo barrack and fuel air explosive bombs. These are the, So he goes on and on and on to say Putin is a war criminal there. And that was before Putin unlawfully invaded Ukraine. It was right around the time of Cri Crimea was a few years before that, but that was right before the invasion of Ukraine. A few years back. I, let me just show you this last clip here of Donald Trump with the president of South Africa saying how upset he is that Putin is not part of the G seven. Donald Trump said he would like a G eight by the way, with the president of South Africa there.


And Donald Trump has no understanding of the dynamic of the bricks block and what, what he's actually indicating there and the amount of weakness that he's showing here, play this club Coming and are you preparing To come so without the United States, the G 20, just like the G seven used to be the G eight, but brilliantly they threw Russia out, would've been a lot better if Russia was in, you know, a lot of people would say, oh, that's not, because if Russia was in, you probably wouldn't have this war. And if you had a different president, you wouldn't have the war either. But You got the president of South Africa saying, what the heck is going on? I want to bring in Ken Harba. You all know Ken from the Midas Touch Network. He's also started a venture called Valor Media as well.


Ken as a Midas touch correspondent is in Ukraine. While this is airing, we are shooting this before he's going to be in Ukraine, but he's gonna be there doing reports for the Midas Touch Network in Valor. He's gonna be giving them exclusively to us fact finding humanitarian based and he's gonna be doing a lot of work there. So Ken, Ken is also a veteran of the Navy, a Navy pilot. Ken comment if you can, on what the videos I just showed you. I mean, it's absolutely outrageous, the mental and moral gymnastics that people like Marco Rubio and In fact everyone in Trump's orbit have to put themselves through to keep the alpha in the White House happy.


Who turns out not to be an alpha at all. As you see, every time he genu flex before Vladimir Putin, he, I, I think the saying goes, every bully at heart is a coward, right? Donald Trump is a coward. And when he looks at someone like Putin and says, that's the kind of power I want, it should terrify us all because that's what he is signaling. He wants the kind of power to intimidate his political opponents. Heinz grabbing For it, You know, and if you look at where he's also impressed at the Middle East authoritarians, the royal families, the Saudis, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, you know, he'll say things like they're the richest that there are, they're the most powerful that there are.


And they objectively aren't like you look at Qatar, $200 billion annual GDP, the royal family takes a lot of that money for themselves, and it's a very small population as well there. But you look at the GDP of say, just California alone, and it is what, 50 x Qatar in California, which he attacks, you know, which has like a four and a half, $5 trillion. GDP Canada's GDP is $3 trillion. So for him, weak is strong, strong is weak, and his whole framework winning is losing, losing is winning. The whole framework is out of whack. Well, what he admires are the guilded jets and the ability to, to wield power, to intimidate, which I think leads us to the inevitable conclusion that he doesn't see his fellow Americans as compatriots.


He sees them as subjects and he really wishes we would comply. He looks at the power that someone like MBS has, whose nickname, by the way, is Mr. Bone saw, because this is the man who ordered the dismemberment, the murder and brutal dismemberment of an American resident, an employee of the Washington Post. And there Donald Trump is sitting with him, calling him one of America's best friends. Look, I know we need allies around the world, but that is very different from gripping and grinning like President Trump does. And just embracing these brutal tyrants and looking up to them, wanting to be like them.


That is our takeaway. Look, you've done a number of trips to Ukraine since Russia's unlawful invasion. You've done a lot of humanitarian work there, you've done a lot of reporting for the Midas Touch network there. I know there's things you can share and can share about this particular trip, but whatever you can share about it, if you can let the people know what you, you want to try to accomplish. And it could be even at a general level. Yeah, because I know a lot of these things have to be dealt with carefully For for sure. We're gonna, we're gonna be clean on OPSEC here, not Pete Heinz version of Clean. We're not gonna share times and locations, but in general, we are bringing a convoy of ambulances to frontline units because an ambulance in Ukraine lasts an average at the front of 11 days.


They need a lot of them. And that's not just collateral damage. That is because the Russian military intentionally targets ambulances. If you're still wondering who the bad guy in this conflict is, it's Putin the way he deploys this military. I mean, Marco Rubio knew this a few years ago, right? He seems to have forgotten it all. But there is a, a clear aggressor, a clear villain in this conflict. And it's Putin and, and Russia. I'll all be re I'll also be reporting from the front for Midas Touch Network and, and Valor Media. But look, the Ukrainians are in this fight, whether we have their backs or not. I think it might, it might help some Americans to understand what an existential fight actually looks like.


Just because Donald Trump is gonna walk away from it doesn't mean they're gonna stop fighting for their freedom. And I sure wish Americans would get back in the fight and not leave it to our allies to be the, the bulwark of freedom. Because if Ukraine falls, it won't be the last one. Putin has his eye on Estonia Lithuania, he's gonna keep rolling. And before we go, Ken, this is gonna be airing around approaching Memorial Day, you know, any messages that you have as as a veteran. Thanks. Another important thing to remember is that Memorial Day is for the fallen. It's, it's not the same as Veterans Day.


And look, I, I understand that we sometimes get carried away on Memorial Day with the mattress sales and the backyard barbecues. And, and that's fine. My, my buddies who did not make it home, they paid the ultimate sacrifice so that we could have that kind of a life. And I actually don't even begrudge people who say Happy Memorial Day on that day. As long as they take a minute to realize what it means and what it stands for. Every morning on Memorial Day this morning will be a little different 'cause I'll be down range. But typically I go to the water, go to the lake, and I watch the sunrise. And I think about, I think about my buddies who didn't make it home, and then I do my best the rest of that day to, to live the kind of life they would want me to live, to spend time with my family.


I would add that this Memorial Day is gonna feel a little bit different, not just because I'm in Ukraine, but because it feels like the whole country is looking to veterans for guidance, for inspiration on how we resist, how we defend our democracy, when the threat this time is from within. So it's got a different feel to it and I sure hope we meet the moment. Ken Harba from the Midas Touch Network and Valor Media. Thanks for joining us and thanks for all you do. Thanks Ben. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.