
So now it's the prosecutor versus the convicted felon. President Biden has ended his presidential campaign over the weekend. He immediately endorsed his vice president, Kamala Harris, and renewed energy right away was restored into the Democratic campaign for the presidency. I mean a selfless act by President Biden, contrasted with the most selfish of acts by Donald Trump trying to overthrow a free and fair election to install himself as a dictator. And the voters and the American public are taking note, look, fundraising was over $81 million for Vice President Kamala Harris.


Now as the presumptive democratic nominee for president in a 24 hour period, she's received the endorsement from Governors Unions, democratic leaders, a major Nikki Halley, political action committee, social media influencers, celebrities, the memes have been rolling out, and it definitely rolls. Like there is an energy that was missing that said, with President Biden missing from the top of the ticket, it is so important that we reflect on his accomplishments. One of the most transformative, if not the most transformative president in recent American history.


Someone who has accomplished so much And. we all saw what was happening. I hope you've all appreciated our coverage here on the Might as touch network, and it was definitely very upsetting to me. And sometimes it's hard for me as a newscaster to set that aside. So I hope you will just allow me to share some raw emotion as I did over the weekend when President Biden announced that he would be ending his campaign. I thought President Biden was still primed to win. I thought President Biden was a good candidate.


I thought President Biden was, again, one of the most accomplished presidents that said, I am equally confident if, if, and very, very, very positive about Vice President Kamala Harris in winning. And I think it's time that we unite as a pro-democracy community. There's really no time to waste with democracy on the line. And that's what we're gonna do at the Midas Touch Network. We're continuing to make our coverage unapologetically pro-democracy, And. we are going to continue to call all of this out. Also, it is enjoyable to watch Donald Trump's campaign and maga in a total and absolute panic right now as they're trying to figure out what to do here.


Let's bring in Brett and Jordy. Brett Jordy. You got Donald Trump posting all night. Most of his posts still about President Biden. They don't really know what they're doing. How, how are, how are you guys doing? It's been a, it's been a rollercoaster of emotions. Yeah. And, and first I want to address the emotional aspect about this all because I know, you know, we all definitely, certainly have to move on and, you know, go get behind democracy. And I love the energy that we have seen in the past 24 hours. I love the unity that we have seen in the past 24 hours, but I think it's important to at least momentarily reflect on that emotional aspect, which is, you know, president Biden leaving the race was difficult for a lot of people.


I know it was difficult for us here. I know it's difficult for a lot of you there, and I genuinely believe that may, maybe until the latest batch of polls came out yesterday that President Biden had no intention of going anywhere. And it's tough. You know, president Biden has had a storied career. He's had an incredible life. He's also had a very difficult life. And I think throughout President Biden's life, it's been defined by his personal sacrifice. And I think that was no better shown than yesterday when he did what Donald Trump couldn't do in a billion years.


In fact, Donald Trump tried to clinging onto power to destroy this country. But ultimately, president Biden felt that it was his responsibility to give up his future power in order to save this country. And I think that is, while very deeply saddening to me personally and so many Americans out there, I think it is such a noble thing to do and really speaks to the man's character and his integrity. And I think, you know, he, he's ac he accomplished so much. And the good thing with Kamala Harris is I think she gets to continue on with that legacy from the Biden Harris administration.


And President Biden isn't going anywhere. He's still working his butt off for these next few months as president of the United States. And I know earlier he said that he was going to actually hit the campaign trail with Kamala Harris. We'll play some of the president's comments in a little bit. But I mean from the American Rescue Plan, the Infrastructure Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, the Pact Act, so many different policies that are going to impact people's lives for future generations. The Chips and Science Act I mean this, the, the fact that President Biden got us outta the Covid pandemic, defeated Trump saved democracy once and is looking to save democracy again.


I think President Biden is going to go down in history when this is all said and done as one of the single best presidents of all time, quite frankly, certainly one of the most consequential presidents of all time with transformative pieces of legislation, making it through, doing more, I would say in his three and a half years at, up to this point than most presidents do when they're given eight years to do work for the American people. So I just wanna make sure that that's clear out front. Now with all that said, I, after, you know, I I, I think we don't have really time at this point to kind of lick our wounds. I think we need to move forward. The only path forward is forward and we're lucky that we have a great nominee who is already on the ticket Vice President Kamala Harris.


And seeing the unity, seeing everybody from labor to never Trumpers, to progressives, to Gen Z, to celebrities, to everybody who was normally part of this pro-democracy coalition joined forces in these past 24 hours with a level of enthusiasm that I've not seen in years. It was such an incredible site, such an incredible site, and something that's much needed. And I think this contrast that we have now between the prosecutor and the felon is a good case to be made to the American people. It's quite clear cut. And suddenly Donald Trump is now the oldest nominee in presidential history and the entire book that they wrote on how they were going to run this campaign has been flipped completely on them.


And it is quite the sight to behold. I know that was a bit long in the beginning. I'll toss the Jordy. I know we get a lot To get into No, that, that was great. Look, these last three weeks have been the longest 10 months of my 31 years on this planet. And I'm sure it's like that for a lot of folks right now. President Biden is a patriot. He deeply loves this country and he wouldn't have done what he did unless he thought it was definitely the best way to beat Trump in November. My cards are on the table. Like I, I've spoken about this on the podcast and I know I'm speaking for a lot of the Midas mighty because we've had the conversations too. This isn't what I wanted. But the stakes are far too high to sit in sulk. As Brett said, the only way forward is forward.


The pro-democracy, the Pro-Democracy Coalition, we have to rally behind Kamala Harris as the democratic nominee. And we've seen that happen in action. Like the energy right now for Harris is palpable. The donations coming her way are extraordinary, but the money and the energy just simply won't be enough to beat Trump, right? We all have to recommit ourselves to the mission And. we have to, we have to have our voices heard at the ballot box. You know, Democrats now have this young energized ticket taking on the oldest and least popular presidential candidate in history. The Dems can win, but it's gonna take all of us And. we have to keep the faith, we got this.


Look, it's an important moment right now, not just for Dems, for the pro-democracy community, for team normalcy, right? For team democracy to unite and see the stakes. I think one of the most difficult challenges that President Biden had just among others, is that the corporate media was not stopping their narrative. And people needed to reflect on the threats that Donald Trump posed. And while there were some important voices on independent networks like this and a handful of others, by and large the media was refusing to cover the threats to democracy. And I think that's where President Biden made the decision at the kind of that very last moment over the weekend to say, look, we need to focus on the threats that Trump is posing.


Let's just go and show you though some of these historic moments that unfolded over the weekend over the past 24 hours. Here is Vice President Harris on President Joe Biden's legacy during a White House event honoring the NCAA championship teams earlier in the day. Lemme show you this, And I wanted to say a few words about our president, Joe Biden's legacy of accomplishment over the past three years is unmatched in modern history. In one term he has already, yes, you may clap In one term. He has already surpassed the legacy of most presidents who have served two terms in office.


And I first came to know President Biden through his son Bo. We worked together as attorneys general in our states. And back then Bo would often tell me stories about his dad. He would talk about the kind of father and the kind of man that Joe Biden is. The qualities that Bo revered in his father are the same qualities that I have seen every day in our president. His honesty, his integrity, his commitment to his faith and his family, his big heart and his love, deep love of our country.


And I am firsthand witness that every day our president Joe Biden fights for the American people And. we are deeply, deeply grateful for his service to our nation. As I said at the top of the show as well, it's now about the prosecutor Kamala Harris versus the convicted felon in Donald Trump. Someone who was found liable for sexual assault. Someone who was bankrupted most of the companies that he's been involved with. And so for people wondering is Vice President Harris's prosecutorial skills, how are they gonna translate in a debate with the next debate coming over gonna happen in September?


Let's just take a look at some of these debates like a recent one where Vice President Harris called Donald Trump as White House a criminal enterprise during the Democratic debate in 2020. She was a great debater here, Watch. this We have a criminal living in the White House. And there is no question that in 2020, the biggest issue before us until we get to that tender moment is justice is on the ballot. And what we saw today is ambassador son, and by his own words, told us that everyone was in the loop. That means it is a criminal enterprise engaged in by the president from what we heard today, the vice president, the Secretary of state, and the chief of staff.


And so this not only points to the corrupt nature of this administration and the need for these impeachment proceedings to go forward, but it also points to another issue. And back to the question that you asked earlier, which is what does this mean for the American people? Because what it means when I Watch this is that there are clearly two different set of rules for two different groups of people in America. The powerful people who with their arrogance think they can get away with this. And then everybody else. Because here's the thing, for those working people who are working two and three jobs, if they don't pay that credit card by the end of the month, they get a penalty for the people who don't pay their rent, they get evicted For the people who shoplift, they go to jail.


We need the same set of rules for everybody. And part of the reason I'm running for president is to say that we have to bring justice back to America for all people. I wanna show you another very powerful moment from the debate that Vice President Harris had back in the Democratic primaries in 2020. Lemme show you this one as well. There are plenty of people who applauded black women for the success of the 2018 election, applauded black women for the election of a senator from Alabama. But you know, at some point folks get tired of just saying, oh, you know, thank me for showing up and want and and say, well show up for me. Because when black women, when black women are three to four times more likely to die in connection with childbirth in America, when the sons of black women will die because of gun violence more than any other cause of death when black women make 61 cents on the dollar as compared to all women who tragically make 80 cents on the dollar.


The question has to be where you been and what are you gonna do? Powerful moment right there. And then I forgot about this video that we made at the Midas Touch Network back in 2020 after Vice President Kamala Harris, then Senator Kamala Harris's debate with then vice President, now former Vice President Mike Pence. There was some powerful moments there. And, we did a video on it. Let me just share with you, let's see if some of the OG Midas mighty, remember this one. Let's play it. This Is is important and I wanna add, but if Mr. Vice President, I'm speaking, I have to, I'm speaking it is asking too much of the people. Susan, we talked about vice president is asking too much of the people.


Well Susan, thank you. Although I would like to go back, I think we need to move on to the issue of, but I would like to go back In 1864. No, I'd like you to answer the question. Mr. Vice President speaking. I'm speaking. Okay, Thank We still learned from it and I, I think the American people vice see again, can be proud. Vice president. I'm sorry, time. What we have done, she has 15 seconds because, well, I gotta have, we're trying to keep look well you, I'm sorry, but vice president, you've had more time than she. She's had The truth. And the fact is Joe Biden has been very clear he will not raise taxes on anybody who makes less than $400,000 a Year. He said he's gonna appeal the Trump tax credit. Mr. Vice President, I'm speaking. Wait, I'm speaking If. you don't mind letting me finish.


We can then have a conversation. Okay, please. Okay. That was so good right there. Also, as I mentioned at the top of the show, a Nikki Haley pack has also now endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris. And let's see, If, you remember this? I'll show you this flashback here of Nikki Haley during her campaign against Donald Trump, where she said the following about the first party to retire their 80-year-old candidate. Let's play this one. The first party to retire its 80-year-old candidate is going to be the party that wins this election. And then we have Nikki Halley saying this about Donald Trump over and over again.


Let's play that clip. Times change and so has Trump. He's gotten more unstable and unhinged If. you mock the service of a combat veteran. You don't deserve a driver's license, let alone being president of the United States. He was thin skinned and easily distracted. It's not normal to spend $50 million in campaign contributions on personal court cases. It's not normal to threaten people who back your opponent. Donald Trump is turning the Republican Party into his own playpen where it's all about him.


He's not qualified to be the president of the United States. I'll tell you, I'll tell you what's not normal, either threatening Civil War If, you lose an election. Now, previously Donald Trump who led an insurrection against the United States, I know that corporate media doesn't wanna cover that and they wanna normalize that behavior. But today, earlier today, there was a Trump campaign event. This is an officially sponsored Trump event where his vice President Shady JD Vance was speaking. And let me just share with you what the first speaker said. A MAGA Republican George Lang, who's an Ohio State senator who introduced JD Vans threatened civil war.


If Donald Trump loses this election, but let show it to you, Please welcome to the stage state Senator George Lang. Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, Fight, fight, Fight. We got time. Come on. Hey, we are in the fight for the soul of our nation. We are in a fight for our kids and our grandkids. A fight that we can never imagine, I believe wholeheartedly. Donald Trump and Butler County's JD Vance are the last chance to save our country politically.


I'm afraid if we lose this one, it's gonna take a civil war to save the country and it will be saved. It's Going to take a civil war to save the country. Now you can say, I think it would be disingenuous, but you can say, Hey Ben. JD Vance didn't say that though. Or Trump didn't say that. It was at their event. They absolutely said it. JD Vance didn't take the stage and did what an honorable person John McCain did, where if someone were to make a racist or hateful statement, McCain would take the microphone away. Nope. They went on with the event business as usual, threatening Civil war.


And we'll see in the morning if that becomes, we know it won't be a headline in corporate media because they don't care about things like that anymore. I wonder if it will even be a story of any significance in any major paper or any major media. Could you imagine if in a democratic event they threatened a civil war before introducing the candidate? Just think about that Ben. But what about the new tone that corporate media has been telling us about from these Republicans? That new tone. New tone. No new tone. Ben. Come on, come on. They told this new tone. I think it's quite funny, just as an aside that the Republicans put all this money into a convention and had all this messaging at a convention which ended up being directed at somebody who is not running the election.


And then after the fact, now it's a whole new race and they literally don't know what to do. And I think when we watch somebody like that elected official in in Ohio, who is speaking at the Trump campaign event with JD Vance, I think we see that desperation coming through. I think we see them quite literally not knowing what the heck to do. How do we message it? So they are just going to the complete and utter extremes of their rhetoric. They totally don't know what to do. And we'll go over in a little bit, we'll go over Donald Trump's statements. 'cause Trump is freaking out. Trump is still attacking Biden. I don't, I'm not sure if Trump realizes that the election is, is different now.


All the Trump kind of campaign people, their messaging is just bizarre and weird. And at that same event, this was JD Vance's message. And I think now, like the contrast is more clear than ever. And the, the Trump Vance ticket just looks very almost old and outdated. Yes, JD Vance is young in numbers, but his ideas come off old and bland and boring. You have at that same event, this is JD Vance's message to the audience and let me know what you think of this super awkward Jeb Bush like moment. I'll, I'll call it. It is the weirdest thing to me. Democrats say that it is racist to believe.


Well they say it's racist to do anything. I had a diet Mountain Dew yesterday and one today. I'm sure they're gonna call that racist too. But it's good. I love you guys. It looks like Trump also picked a guy whose hands are smaller than his hands. An observation that I, that I made there. But I think one of the criteria may have been a hand measuring competition there. And also Mr. Personality over there. You guys think I know the answer that he's like, he thinks he's crushing it up there like I am. I'm gonna roll out this mountain and dew thing and they are gonna love it. And then he says it.


I I knew it. I, Every speech JD Vance gives feels like I don don't even wanna offend high school kids, but do they feel like high school campaign speeches? They're just not at the level. I'll, I'll say they are simply not at the level. and he is not charismatic at all. His ideas are very dangerous. He is incredibly boring. And I'm hearing that there is a lot of panic right now at Trump hq where they're going, oh, oh, we're stuck with this guy right now. Like they are actually panicked over their VP pick thinking maybe they picked him a little too soon now that the race has been upended. And that's gonna be an interesting dynamic as we see these internal tensions between Trump and Vance, kind of, but up against each other.


And we know in the history of Donald Trump's relationship, we'll call it with his vice presidents and how that is, I Just can't believe, and I know it is, but it's just so hard for, to like just watch corporate media and then not bring up like, oh, what ever happened to, to Trump's previous vice president? Like, why does he need a new one? Not, not once, like it didn't come up once at the RNC. It, it's, it's, it, it infuriates me. Remember the day David JD Shady? jd, that's a plus big bro. That's a plus. I re I remember the day when former Vice President Pence announced he was not going to endorse Donald Trump. It was a blip. I was expecting it, you know, 'cause we devoted significant coverage for others to be like, hey, kind of a big deal.


But no, corporate media is not going to cover that. It's why it's important we keep building networks like this and our numbers and, and our subscribers have been through the roof. Thank you for recommending this channel to other people in your life, friends, family, coworkers and colleagues. Because this isn't our network. Okay? This is your network. And when you get frustrated at CNN and M-S-N-B-C and don't get me started on the propaganda networks, you are doing something about it. You and us together, this community, we are building the media network that we need to have right now. So thank you for that. We've got a lot more, a lot more to cover.


Let, let, let, let's take a quick break though.


Hey everyone. I wanna share something that's really made a difference for me when it comes to enjoying a night out with friends. It's called ZBiotics Pre-Cool. Pre-Cool is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on hitting the gym, enjoying a brunch, or just getting some important work done without worry, I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical of ZBiotics at first, but then while hanging out with my friends at our favorite bar downtown, I decided to give it a try. And let me tell you, it really works. The first time I tried pre-cool was during a friend's wedding weekend. I had my first drink of the night, a delicious old fashioned by the way. Right after taking ZBiotics the next morning, I was up early, feeling great and ready to join the rest of the wedding party for breakfast and activities. It was a total game changer with vacations, weddings, birthdays, and reunions. There's so much going on this summer. Get the most outta your plans by stocking up on pre-Cool. Now go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas To, get 15% off your first order when you use Midas at checkout. Pre-cool is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Thank you ZBiotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


I've been trying to lead a heart healthy lifestyle, but finding the energy to keep up with healthy changes like getting my steps in, it's been an uphill battle. We often think living a more heart healthy life means making big unsustainable changes. Well, with super beats heart choose, you can get daily blood pressure support in just two tasty chews a day. And they even promote heart healthy energy. Without the stimulants paired with a healthy lifestyle, the antioxidants and super beets are clinically shown to be nearly two times more effective at promoting normal blood pressure than a healthy lifestyle alone. My energy levels are higher than ever now without typical dips from coffee and energy drinks. It's fantastic to support my blood pressure and still have the energy for more physical activity. It's a win-win. Double your potential with super Beats hard shoes. Get a free thirty day supply of super beats hard shoes on all bundles. And 15% off your first order by going To. get super beats.com and use code Midas. That's get super BEET s.com code Midas. Let's go. Shout out to our pro-democracy sponsors. Y'all links in description of the YouTube and the audio. Use the codes, let them know we sent you. They're fantastic products. ZBiotics, huge fan of the network. We're a huge fan of theirs. Same with super beats. Show them some love. You will not regret It, I promise.


No, I'm really enjoying some of the memes out there and some of the statements out there. Like there's this one photo of Vice President Kamala Harris and the person writes, did somebody say black job? And then there's this other account that says God must have spared Trump so a black woman could beat him. Many people are strongly saying this, it may be slightly politically incorrect, but it is a, it is an observ, it is an observation that it's, it's Been a very funny thing seeing people like try to understand some of these memes for the first time because, you know, they are very niche memes, but they're very popular with Gen Z and I, I will say we have, you know, some Gen Z folks on staff And.


we often need them to explain everything to us, but I know they are very passionate and, and energized and fired up about VP Kamala Harris being at the top of the ticket. And I know we've seen like a, a big outpouring of celebrity support. So yesterday we saw Charlie XCX, who is a music artist and she has an album called Brat. And that's a good thing in the lingo. Her, her album's called Brat. And she said yesterday, Kamala is brat, which is probably honestly worth over a million dollars in, in, in paid advertising to have somebody like Charlie XCX speak to the younger generation and say things like that. We've seen like Beyonce's mom come out in support of Kamala Harris.


We've seen Demi Lovato, we've seen Ariana Grande. There's been this huge outpouring of support from people who I think may have been afraid to kind of enter the political fray until Vice President Harris came in. So it has been nice seeing that aspect kind of come into this election cycle. The memes are so funny with the coconut tree memes are are very funny. That comes from Kamala Harris's line. You think you just fell out of a coconut tree, which the RNC tried to use as an attack against her a couple years ago. But Gen Z flipped into being this very kind of endearing line about, you know, living in a specific context and moving forward and resilience and, and all of that.


But the Kamala Harris memes I think are great. I was saying to salty our, our producer being that he's a Gen Z, that he should come on the show and do a Gen Z meme explainer for our audience on Kamala Harris to go through the unburdened, to go through the, the coconut to go through Charlie XCX. But that's my like 1 0 1 class. But may may maybe we will pull on one one of our Gen Zs to, to explain the rest at some point. You know, look, one of the things in our coverage that we emphasize over and over again that I think is important is that Donald Trump is a sexual predator. And it is beyond disgusting and shocking that an adjudicated sexual predator is leading a major political party.


Now, he was found liable for sexual assault by a jury in a trial where Donald Trump was too scared to testify that he flew and made up that he was building something that he wasn't in Scotland and Ireland and refused to even testify at the trial. And a jury heard the facts and found Trump liable for sexual assault. Now in addition, Donald Trump is on audio tape bragging about sexually assaulting women. He says, because he's rich and famous, they let him do it. He says he's on audio recording saying that he's on audio recording saying that one of the reasons he runs his beauty pageants is so he gets to inspect naked girls without their consent.


And because he's the owner of the pageant, they let him do it. He talks about how the thing that he thinks he has in common with his daughter Ivanka is sex. And you know, there is made statements about Lindsay Lohan when she turned 18, she may have even been 17 at the time, but right when she turned 18 about how her mental illness was one of the reasons that he wants to have sex with her. And go back and look at all of our tape, you know, our videos here where we play all of these tapes. I'm not gonna burden us by playing all of them here when there's lots of, lots of videos and tapes that we've, we've done like that Donald Trump, He could be unburdened. I mean, let's be unburdened by that.


Donald Trump is on the Epstein list. He's probably one of the people on it more than anybody else. Almost. He's on the call logs, he's in the depositions. He wished the lady who trafficked for him, Ghislaine Maxwell Trump wished her well before her trial. There's a video of that. He said that Epstein is a great guy who likes women on the younger side also. That's called girls by the way. That, that Epstein trafficked Epstein found girls to traffic at Mar-a-Lago like Virginia Giuffre, who was working at Mar-a-Lago after she was homeless, found the job at Mar-a-Lago. And then Ghislaine Maxwell took her outta Mar-a-Lago to meet Epstein.


Like there's all of that going on. What I like is that in today's speech, vice president Kamala Harris goes right into it. I'll show you an eclipse in a little bit where she goes, look, I was a sex prosecutor, okay? And Donald Trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse. I've been saying over and over again here that that needs to be brought out. We can't like cover our eyes or close our ears to, to that, you know, reality. I, I remember a congress, former Republican congress member Denver Riggleman, like as a girl dad. Like how do I explain to my daughter that the leader of the Republican Party, a party that I was once a part of, has someone who was found liable for sexual assault lead, you know, leading, you know that, that that political party.


So let me just show you though, what went down at the campaign headquarters today. I'll get to that clip in a little bit. But first, let me show you what President Biden said when he called into the headquarter saying, I know the news was surprising yesterday, but I think, I think we had to make this decision. Listen to him here. I want people to remember that what we have done has been incredible And, we get so much more we're gonna To get done. And so I wanna say hello to Kamala if she can hear me. I know she's gonna be speaking shortly, and I wanted to say to the team, embrace her. She's the best I wanted to call today to thank everybody, everybody in this effort. I know yesterday's news is surprising and it's hard for you to hear, but it was the right thing to do.


It's, I I I know it's hard because you poured your heart and soul into me saying, help us win this thing. Help me get this nomination, help me win the nomination and then go on to win the win the, the presidency. But you know, you're an amazing team, but we've got a great, great, I think we made the right decision. I know how hard you've worked, how many sacrifices you've made, and so many of you, so many of you uprooted your lives for me and the kind of commitment few people make for anything these days. But you made it. And I've been honored and humbled I mean this is from the bottom of my heart. I word is a Biden that for all you've done for me and my family, Hard to listen to that and not shed a tear.


And also, he's such a good guy with that chant. You know, this is what democracy looks like. Like that is what democracy looks like. Like when I listen to that, I why what America for so many generations was able to attain was the envy of many places in the world. And look to as a beacon of hope. Like how'd you build a system where, where that's okay and that's allowed and that is a value that's admired. How did you get away from a system of just so much corruption and authoritarianism and build this?


And then all of the kind of norms and traditions, right, of our country that were held together by good faith, torn apart by someone in Donald Trump who has ripped two shreds, contracts his entire life and bankrupted things. And for Trump's final act, he wants to rip apart and shred the contract rooted in good faith that has held this melting pot together, the United States Constitution. And for President Biden's final act, he wants to preserve and protect that that contract the Constitution. I just think that's on full display here.


Here is President Biden saying at this meeting earlier today with Kamala Harris President, I'm not going anywhere I'll, I'm still gonna be around supporting Vice President Harris here, Play the clip. The name has to change the top of the ticket, but the mission hasn't changed at all. And by the way, I'm not going anywhere. I'm gonna be out there in the campaign with her, with Kamala. I'm gonna be working like hell, both as a sitting president getting legislation passed as well as in campaigning. You know what? We still need to save this democracy and Trump, Trump is still a danger to the community. It's a danger to the nation. And just assess my foreign policy colleagues, my counterparts and other people around the world and at home, Vice President Kamala Harris.


Now the presumptive democratic nominee then spoke and talked about how it has been a roller coaster here, play this clip. And I know it's been a rollercoaster and we're all filled with so many mixed emotions about this. I just have to say I love Joe Biden. I love Joe Biden, and I know we all do And. we have so many darn good reasons for loving Joe Biden. And I have full faith that this team is, the team will be the reason we win in November. You all who are here, and as Julie always says, and I will quote the great Julie, we are one team, one fight, One team, one fight against Donald Trump, a threat to democracy and a sexual predator.


And again, we just have to articulate it that simply. And I think that's also one of the reasons people come to the Midas Touch network, because that's not hyperbolic. That's who Donald Trump is. Convicted felon, sexual predator, sexual abuser, who he is, it's found liable for it by a, by a jury. N He's on audio tape saying these things. He led an insurrection in front of our eyes. We need someone who prosecutes those claims. And it's great to have a prosecutor now at the top of the ticket. And Vice President Harris leaned into that early in her speech and talked about how she's a courtroom prosecutor. She went in front of juries and prosecuted disgusting people like Donald Trump here play this clip.


So in the days and weeks ahead, I, together with you will do everything in my power to unite our democratic party, to unite our nation, and to win this election. You know, as many of you know, before I was elected as vice president, before I was elected as United States Senator, I was the elected attorney general. As I've mentioned to California before that I was a courtroom prosecutor. In those roles, I took on perpetrators of all kinds predators, who abused women fraudsters, who ripped off consumers cheaters, who broke the rules for their own gain.


So hear me when I say I know Donald Trump's type. He's not like us. The former, sorry, vice President Kamala Harris, who's now at the top of the ticket, still vice president, but top of the ticket for the Democratic presidential nomination, talks about her experience also prosecuting cases involving sex abuse. Show you this clip As a young prosecutor, when I was in the Alameda County District Attorney's office in California, I specialized in cases involving sexual abuse.


Donald Trump was found liable by a jury for committing sexual abuse. As Attorney General of California, I took on one of our country's largest for-profit colleges and put it out of business. Donald Trump ran a for-profit College Trump University that was forced to pay $25 million to the students. It scammed as district attorney to go after polluters. I created one of the first environmental justice units in our nation. Donald Trump stood in Mar-a-Lago, and told big oil lobbyists he would do their bidding for a $1 billion campaign contribution.


During, during the foreclosure crisis, I took on the Big Wall Street banks and won $20 billion for California families. Woo. Holding those banks accountable for fraud. Donald Trump was just found guilty of 34 counts of fraud. Guilty. I like that. She's just calling it like it is. She's, it's a compelling message prosecuting the message over and over again. And look, I know there's a lot of people out there who are saying yes, finally, that's the type of message we need to be hearing every day.


I can tell you not just energy in terms of over $81 million raised in the first 24 hours of the announcement that Kamala Harris would now be the presumptive democratic nominee. But also the Harris campaign has seen a massive surge in energy on the ground with nearly 30,000 people sign. 30,000 people signing up to volunteer for the first time since yesterday. And the Biden Harris campaign already had a massive ground operation. Now add 30,000 in 24 hours to that. And I think that number is going to multiply by the day as this momentum and energy grows.


And we're gonna contrast that to Donald Trump flipping out. And Donald Trump's tantrums late at night. Donald Trump's surrogate saying some of the most disgusting things. And then ultimately, I think this message that I've been talking about it over and over again, I think you have to ask voters to say, where was your toilet paper when Donald Trump was in office? And where is your 401k now under the Biden Harris administration? Where was your toilet paper? Just at a bare minimum. Trump was so ineffective. There was no toilet paper end of mass casualty event that he contributed to. We got a lot more to talk about.


Let's take our last quick break of the show.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. Look, there's been lots of ups and downs and turnarounds lately, and if you've ever scrolled through social media and felt like everyone's else's life is picture perfect, I promise you it's not. Look, I've been there and it's so easy, To get caught up in comparing ourselves to others, especially online. But here's the thing, what we see on Instagram or TikTok or whatever, it's just a highlight reel. Real life is much more complex. That's where therapy can be a game changer for you. It's a game changer for me. It helps you focus on your own journey instead of measuring yourself against others. Better help makes it easier than ever to connect with a licensed therapist. It's all online so you can fit sessions into your schedule without hassle. Stop comparing and start focusing with better help. Visit better help.com/midas today and get 10% off your first month. That's better. HE p.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. One more time. It's better help.com/midas. It's help me think it will help you as well.


One in five Americans have learned a new language on their bucket list. If that's you, make 2024 the year you finally check it off the list with Babbel, be a better You in 2024 with Babbel, the Science-backed Language learning app that actually works. Don't pay hundreds of dollars for private tutors or waste hours on apps that don't really help you speak the language. babel's quick. 10 minute lessons are handcrafted by over 200 language experts to help you start speaking a new language. And as little as three weeks Babbs designed by real people for real conversations. Babel's tips and tools are approachable, accessible, rooted in real life situations and delivered with conversation based teaching. So you're ready to practice what you've learned in the real world. Babbles convenient courses have helped me learn real life conversation skills in a different language. It's so easy to learn how to order food, ask for directions, speak to merchants without having to consult language apps while on vacation. Plus Babbel speech recognition technology helps you to improve your pronunciation and accent. Studies from Yale, Michigan State University and others continue to prove Babbel is better. One study found that using Babbel for 15 hours is equivalent to a full semester at college. Babbel has over 16 million subscriptions sold. Plus all of babel's 14 award-winning language courses are backed by their 20 day money back guarantee. Here's a special limited time deal for our listeners right now. Get up to 60% off your Babbel subscription, but it's only for our listeners at Babbel dot com slash Midas. So get up to 60% off at Babbel dot com slash midas. And that's spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Let's go. Y'all shout out better help shout out babble links to those incredible companies in the description of the YouTube and the audio. You guys know how it works. These are awesome. They definitely help. They're fantastic. Check them out. They helped me. I can say that for sure. You know, I interviewed George Conway earlier in the day. He launched a pack called the Anti Psychopath Pack. I asked him was, do you think that the contrast between Vice President Harris and Donald Trump accentuates what a psychopath Donald Trump is? and he said, absolutely it does. And while I think it was important that I, I think we were kind of at the forefront of showing you here's what Donald Trump's saying in his speeches.


Here's what he's posting. It's more Q Anon post. It's more talking about Hannibal Lecter. Here he goes, talking about being eaten by sharks. Again. I think now with this reset, If, you will, there's certainly more attention that's going to be paid on it, and it just looks extra sociopathic and deranged I feel like. And so throughout the night, Trump was posting post, post, post, post, post, post, post, post, post, post. And as I've said before, If, you post like this about any topic at all, right? Whether it's, you know, you like football or whether it's birdwatching or about a book that what whatever it is. Like, no, no, normal person posts this way.


And so the fact that it's post, post, post and it's stream of conscious and it's like Biden never had covid. He's a threat to democracy. What do you mean Biden never had covid. It's not over tomorrow crooked. Joe Biden's going to wake up and forget that he dropped out of the race today. Crooked Joe just got knocked out. So now I'll have to do it a a fourth time. Most of these posts are about President Biden. It's like, okay, he does one where he talks about Kamala Harris. But like overall, it's all just wine. It's just this windiness. And one of the things i I, I just think that voters are going to reject is like, just could we get over this whiny, malignant narcissist? Could we just get this person out of our fricking lives because this guy is a madman And.


we just want to go about our days without this madman like trying to involve himself in our life. You know, it's, I I I have a buddy of mine who we played tennis with every Saturday and he said something so interesting to me. He was like, you know, Ben, the thing about Donald Trump too is he's uniquely the worst human being in the United States of America for that job. And as we were driving, he's like, you see her, you see him, you see that kid right there? They would be a better president than Donald Trump. He said, because they will at least listen to other people. Trump puts his own malignant narcissism and his view that he's smarter than people in front of science and data and everything.


and he causes catastrophes with everything he touches. I still can't, yeah, you know, during his convention speech, it was the worst speech in history where again, he talked about H Lecter. He said he wants to hold the next Republican National Convention in Venezuela. He bragged about Kim Jong-un loving him. It's a very weird speech, but I I'm still not getting over the fact that before Donald Trump spoke, the primetime speaker was Hulk Hogan who ripped off his shirt and went, oh yeah, this is Hulk Hogan. You better vote for Donald Trump or else. And I'm thinking to myself, look, people's lives are on the line in this election. Our rights and our freedoms are on the line. And the Republican party is putting Hulk Hogan ripping off his shirt and going, oh yeah, I mean it is some beyond deranged and, and very weird stuff.


And let me just show you, you know, the top Trump surrogates. What are they doing today? How are they responding? And we're gonna call 'em out here on the Midas Touch Network. And I'm hopeful that the corporate media will also call this out because let me tell you about Donald Trump's top surrogate. Her name is Laura Loomer. She goes to all of Trump's events. She gets prime primetime spots at the Republican National Convention. She gets reposted by Donald Trump all the time. And Donald Trump talks about being loomed where he sends Loomer, you know, know as part of their friendship and, and the fact that she's a, she'll be a top person in the Trump administration and she looms people.


That's what they call it to be loomed. And Donald Trump rags. Hey, you don't wanna be loomed 'cause that's when your career ends. And that's when she attacks people for Donald Trump. Just here's Donald Trump saying you don't wanna be loomed at an event at Mar-a-Lago, let me show you this. We Have a lot of great friends and a lot of great people. Laura, how are you? You look so beautiful as always. That's a woman with courage. You don't want to be, you don't want to be Lud If. you are lud, you're in deep trouble. That's the end of your career in a sense. Thanks Laura. Okay, so Donald Trump says that in private, let me show you what Trump says in public about her at his rallies. I could show you like five to 10 rallies where he says this, but I'll, I'll, I'll show you one right here, here.


Play this clip of Trump really Taking the country by storm. Very powerful person, very strong person, very courageous person. A warrior. Laura Loomer. Laura, where are you? Thank you Laura. Great job. You do. And here's what she's posting today. And I wanna, before you put it up there, let me just give you a trigger warning. It's horrific racist, defamatory stuff that she says she's a Trump surrogate. She goes out there and gets praised by Donald Trump. She's one of the top people in the MAGA movement. She would likely have a major role, potentially press secretary if Donald Trump were to be reelected.


So it's newsworthy. I have to share this. If we're gonna be a courageous and fearless network, I have to show you what one of Trump's top surrogates are out there saying. And one of the top leaders of Trump's maga movement saying, so let's just show you a few things that she's saying. And I'm going to stop reading it after a while because he'll get the point here. She goes, did you know that Kamala Harris was once an escort and that she got her career started giving another word. She says, for oral sex to be successful to rich black men. She sucked. So-and-so's penis while he was ma i i, it's, I can't even re it, it, it, it, it gets worse from there. And then she posts throughout the day, we cannot and should not accept a drug using prostitute as our president.


She posts Kamala Harris isn't black, you know, and it's post like this over and over again. And it's sickening. And just me even having to read the words is, is sickening for me to have to even report on what it is that she's saying. But I think it's important that you know what's going on out there. Like that's what, to me, the fourth estate journalism, we, what we should be doing is calling that out. And the fact that I'm sure you probably haven't seen that anywhere other than the Mightest Touch Network, I think is something that, but you know what? We, You know what we shouldn't do, we shouldn't take, just take people's words for it. And this is the trap that, and I, I don't even think it's a trap 'cause I think the media is in on it, but this is what these stations do all the time.


And I think it was best exemplified by the convention speech that Donald Trump gave when we showed last week, that all of those various newspapers ran headlines and stories based on what Donald Trump told them he was going to say at the event. What Donald Trump told them he was going to say at the event, ended up being much different than what Donald Trump actually said at the event. Yet, instead of waiting to hear his actual remarks at the RNC convention, which lasted what, 90 something minutes, And, we rambling and brought up Hannibal Lecter and all the divisive stuff that we're all used to and dangerous stuff that we're all used to hearing from Donald Trump.


All of these papers and a lot of these cable news networks ran with this BS story of he gave the unity speech. It was all about love and unity and coming together when that's not reflective, even a little bit of the reality. And so all we're asking is, let's, instead of listening to people who lie for a living, who lie quite literally every time they speak, let's actually look at what they are doing. Let's look at what they are not necessarily saying to you, but what they are saying to their base and their followers. And it's not exactly difficult to check Donald Trump's accounts or see what he's saying at his rallies or just listening to him on a daily basis.


And it's gonna get worse. Like having Vice President Harris on the top of the ticket is going to bring out the misogyny, the racism exponentially for all of the Trump surrogates and for Donald Trump, they are simply not going to be able to control themselves. And my only silver lining is that I hope that provides a contrast to the American people who are so actively repulsed by this MAGA movement to realize just how despicable and how disgusting these people are and how all of their outreach to all these various communities, whether it's their outreach to women or the black community, are all rooted in deception and lies.


And that is the complete opposite of the way that they actually behave and the policies they actually want to implement. The way corporate media has been reporting on this, Brett, is to your point exactly, they just take the Trump campaign at at face value, which is like, how, how can you continue to do that if you're not lazy, dishonest, and worse, worse of all intentional. You know, that's why over the course of these couple of weeks, I think the Midas Touch network has grown exponentially because people are so sick of just being gaslit by corporate media, by seeing the Donald Trump RNC speech and how crazy that was. And then the next day, not even getting more than 10 minutes of coverage on it from name that corporate media station, C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, and them just continuing to talk, you know, Biden at the time.


It's frustrating, but that's why I rely so heavily on this community here, the Midas mighty, this pro-democracy community to continue to point to point people towards the North star, which is, which is this, which is what we're trying to do here, which would just be unapologetically pro-democracy and just call the things out as we see them because it's utter lunacy. And so please, my, my one thing, my my major request here to this community as we continue to go forward, I'm seeing a mass exodus from the corporate media stations. You, you know who they are when people ask you, your friends, your neighbors who are so sick of being gaslit, where to go point them here because this community is welcoming and most importantly it's honest.


So I appreciate everything that you guys have done and we've seen it in the numbers here. So let's continue to grow this as we sprint through the finish line. You know, one of the questions that's often asked at an election was, are you better off than you were four years ago? And I think that there is a great case to be made right now in the way I said it is ask where your toilet paper was four years ago and where your 401k is today. Brett, can you give us some economic news right now? If, you will. I can give us some economic news.


But first, this is the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers minute. Okay. We got a lot of economic news and I think it's important that not only do we reflect on the race for the presidency, but we reflect on what is actually happening now and the progress that our country has made. I think it is undeniable, as Ben said in his four years ago comparison, If, you just look at the raw data and just reality. Quite frankly, we are immeasurably better today than we were four years ago. It's not even close. It's why anytime any of these people at the RNC, these Republicans tried to say, are you better off than you were four years ago? And the crowd chanted Yes, probably a self-selecting sample because there are far too many people who are not here today due to the actions of Donald Trump to completely mismanage this pandemic. Now let's actually talk about some of the data because the economy is roaring. And remember, vice President Harris, one of her advantages right now also is she gets to run on all the accomplishments of the Biden Harris administration. And I would say these are certainly accomplishments as we look at the progress that have been made, especially on inflation. Where America has led the world in lower inflation comparatively to other nations, like inflation is a global issue. As we all know, the US managed it quite literally the best of any other nation And we can look to the data. Consumer prices fell in June for the first time since the early months of the pandemic. That's since about May, 2020, decreasing by 0.1% on a monthly basis. That helped reduce the annual inflation rate from from to 3%. From 3.3% in May. And this was also, as we always see every single month in all these reports are contrary to the economists' expectations. Who thought that it was going to increase by a little bit Inflation is now the lowest that it has been in over three years. The Goldman Sachs core inflation tracker is now below 2%. That 2% number is a key indicator for the Fed falling below 2%. Seeing that we're not only having no inflation month to month now, but that inflation is decreasing. These are all signs that there could be an upcoming Federal reserve rate cut and many now are expecting that a rate cut is going to come this September. And as we see all these government changes, it's, it's worth reminding you that our, our sponsored NetSuite has features to quickly adapt to new government economic policies through these agile system updates so that you could always stay up to date. And as a result of all this economic news, stocks continue to rise and soar. They're hitting records, seems like every single day based on new news. And it's not just based necessarily on GDP growth and things like that, but it's based on wages increasing for consumers. It's based on increased consumer confidence, inflation decreasing all things that actually impact people at home in a big, big way. Also worth noting with NetSuite, you get these tailored reporting features that allow businesses to focus on those specific stock market indicators that are relevant to whatever your business is. So you could always stay a step ahead of the game. And in addition to the headline inflation figures, the core index, that's the one that excludes the volatile food and energy prices that also showed improvement. The CPI was only 0.1% for May. That's the slowest increase since August, 2021. Bringing annual core inflation down to 3.3% from 3.4%. That also is a new three year low. So a lot to be happy about in the economy. Work, yes, work, yes, still to be done, but we have to be so thrilled by the progress that we're seeing right now and the resilience of the American worker, the resilience of the American economy in spite of everything that has happened to our country over these past few years. That was the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers minute Do, you know your own numbers for your business. Download NetSuite's ultimate KPI checklist right now at netsuite.com/midas. We'll, look, I love that segment. I love that segment so much. 'cause naturally we're just gonna do that in the show anyway. So the fact that they can, you know, support the network in that way, show them some love, Midas mighty, click that link. Go to their website every time we do the segment we like basically crash the site. So it's, it's been pretty cool to see that and have them come back to me the next day. Click that link, check it out. It's awesome.


Can I show a couple political cartoons I saw before we Oh, please kind of make our way out. 'cause I thought, I thought these were really cool. First I wanna, let's see if I have this one. This is from Mike Kovich from the Atlanta Journal Constitution. I thought this was a really powerful, a political great cartoon. And for the people that are just listening, it's a, a picture of a bridge and it says America's infrastructure president and the name on the bridge, it says, the text says the Joe Biden Bridge to the next generation. I think how fitting that the infrastructure president, the guy who passed the most comprehensive infrastructure bill that we have seen in this country in decades, how much it lines up that he is now the figurative bridge to the next generation, passing the baton to Kamala Harris to run.


There was also another political cartoon I saw going around that I think is worth sharing with you. It's has to do with the, that famous Obama Hope photo that we've all seen that was popularized during the Obama campaign and has Obama with hope in that style, that shepherd fairy style. It has Trump where it says hate it has Biden heal and Kamala Harris grow. I thought this was just very powerful, very powerful images, very powerful kind of political art that you know is worth sharing. And I'm sure you know, a lot of you might wanna like screenshot and and continue to share these out because I think the messaging is, is quite powerful. Well look as Vice President Harris, now, the presumptive democratic nominee said it has been a rollercoaster.


And I remember I was speaking to Jordy on the phone this weekend when President Biden made the announcement and Jordan and I were just talking about our days and Jordy said, you, you know, it just happened. And I remember it very, very vividly and my initial reaction was kind of sadness and, and anger. And I was, and I was upset and, and I, you know, I walked around the block for about, you know, 20, 30 minutes before reporting on it. And my first report, you know, and this was before President Biden endorsed Kamala Harris. There was so much uncertainty, you know, was just kind of, you know, sadness. And I just, I just did the, the, the straight reporting.


Like here's what happened, here's the letter, here's what was said. But you could tell If you watched that video that I was sad, you know? And then as the day progressed, you know, my emotions also really went towards, I think, a duty that we have to our democracy. And then recognizing that Vice President Kamala Harris is made for this moment. She's a perfect candidate for this moment. And there is so much momentum and so much energy and the handoff, so selfless by President Biden, the symbolism around it, the contrast with Donald Trump.


The contrast between the parties really energized me in a way that I, I really haven't been energized and, and in recent memory. And so the emotion shifted, you know, over time to hope and excitement and that we're in this together. And so that's the moment that we find ourselves in there. And you may have found that you've kind of went through those emotions as, as well. And so I just wanted to share with you my, my experience, you know, as well. And I think there are some lessons that have to be learned as well. It's also gotta be about rebuilding this media zeitgeist with the failures that we saw and the failures that we'll continue to see unless we all become the change that we wanted.


And so you all who are a part of this community, let's build the media network that we always want to. Right here at the Midas Touch Network, one way you can help out is patreon.com/midas. Touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch become a member there. We'll be announcing soon a live chat. So If, you ever wanted to meet me, Brett and Jordy, go to patreon.com/midas, touch and check it out. And that's one way to help, but just spread the word. Let people know, friends, family, coworkers, neighbors about this network. Subscribe also to the audio podcast, not just, you know, the YouTube channel, which is growing in record numbers, but subscribe also to the audio podcast.


Just search Midas Touch podcast, hit subscribe and that'll help the podcast show up on the top of the charts for podcasts. So thank you. And by the way, we do a bunch of daily episodes that we release so it's not just this long form that you're hearing here. Ben gives up, you know, 15, 20 minute takes throughout the day to keep you informed. So If, you're lunch or working out or whatever you need, To, get that quick pro-democracy. Fixing the audio is a great place to go for that. I want to thank everybody for watching. We're in this together and this community is not possible without you. So thank you. From the bottom of our hearts, Jordy, take it away. Shout out to the Midas mighta.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network. The film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben mis. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to Against All Enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch Against All Enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty, let's use our power. Well.