
Feel your max with Brooks running and the all new Ghost Max too. They're the shoes you deserve. Designed to streamline your stride and help protect your body. Treat yourself to feel good Landings on an ultra high stack of super comfy nitrogen infused cushion that takes the edge off every step, every day. The Brooks Ghost Max too. You know, technically they're a form of self-care. Brooks, let's run there, ed to brooks running.com to learn more.


18 years from tonight, grant Gill will become a comedy legend when he totally kills it at his improv class's graduation performance. Knees will be slapped, hilarity will ensue. That's why he's already keeping himself in shape and razor sharp today with wellness tips and tools from A A RP to help make sure his health lives as long as he does, because the younger you are, the more you need aarp. Learn more at aarp.org/healthy Living.


How about listening to the Sounds of Istanbul Beautiful, isn't it? But you can't discover the coolest city in the world just by listening. Check istanbul dot go turkey.com now and plan your Istanbul trip today.


This episode is brought to you by one password. Imagine what your brain could remember if it didn't have to hold onto a hundred different passwords. Free your brain from remembering passwords. Get one password. One password. Combines industry leading security with award-winning design to bring private, secure and user-friendly password management to everyone. Don't let security slow your business down. Go to one password.com/tech news to start your two week free trial.


Stop, stop, stop. Had enough kick out, mucus and quiet the cough with Mucinex 12 hour DM for long lasting cough and chest congestion relief by Mucinex 12 hour DM at your local retailer uses directed.


You know, I prefer presidents who don't get hit with cease and desist letters for selling scammy guitars, but you know, that's just me. Donald Trump hit with a cease and desist by Gibson Guitar for using their intellectual property on trump guitars.com. That's what Donald Trump was doing. It kind of reminds me of when FDR and Tru, no, of course it doesn't. Let's also talk about Donald Trump's advisors going to war with each other. Some of Trump's advisors have leaked to CNN that they've conducted an internal investigation of Trump's other advisor, boorish Epstein for a pay for play scheme.


Meanwhile Boorish Epstein threatening that he's going to sue those Trump advisors for leaking that to CNN. That's what's going on in Trump world. So I guess corporate media, this was the drama that you wanted. Also, corporate media. Remember how you parroted what Donald Trump would say. I know nothing about Project 2025. Well, Russell V, the key architect of project 2025, literally on the manual, his name is like on chapter one, Russell Vote. Donald Trump named him to the Office of Management and Budget to implement all of the Project 2025 agenda. Should also be noted as well that corporate media seems to be already trying to cover for Donald Trump that egg prices are gonna be going up, up, up in 2025.


They're saying, look, it's the avian flu and a new strand. And so we should expect prices to go up. Well, that avian flu viral strand has been around for several years, and you let Donald Trump and Mags blame President Biden for it. One of the other reasons that was for the prices going up was that you had corporations using that in the pretext of inflation to price gouge the American consumer consumers. But we here at the Midas Touch Network will make sure that everybody knows that if egg prices are going up, that's Donald Trump's fault. Trump promised things would go down. They are going up already based on the threats of his policies.


But it's not just about prices of eggs, it's actually about health. Because President Biden addressed health concerns even if it was not politically expedient for him. On the other hand, Donald Trump has RFK Jr now who he wants to lead Health and human services. And RFK Junior said that H one N one. Now we're at H five N one, but he said H one N one was a scam made by pharmaceutical companies in order to profit off of it. So look, we've been focusing a lot on these sexual assault and harassment allegations against Donald Trump's cabinet. I think about 38% of his core cabinet have sexual assault allegations against him.


And also Trump's been found liable for sexual assault. But I think we also have to reflect on how unqualified these people are as well. And they should not be holding positions of power or near positions that are close to positions of power. And finally, we're hearing now from a bunch of farmers, probably many who actually voted for Donald Trump saying that they want exemptions to the bloody mass deportations. This as the Texas Land Commissioner has picked out a plot of land where they want the concentration champ camps to go already. This said more on the Midas Touch podcast. I'm joined by Brett and Jordy. Not the timeline I wanted, but the timeline I I am ready to confront.


Yeah, I think that's one way to put it for sure, Ben, but here we are and we gotta do what we do. Right? You know, it's, it's interesting that we're seeing that lawsuit against Donald Trump from, from the company selling those guitars by Gibson because this second, I saw Trump once again doing his same old Griff this time with guitars as a guitarist myself, when I saw Donald Trump holding up that guitar, I said, that looks exactly like a Gibson Les Paul. My mind immediately was, did he do some sort of deal with Gibson? Like no fricking way did he do a deal with Gibson? Absolutely not. Because the Gibson Les Paul has always been like my aspirational guitar to buy like grow. Growing up I was always like, I always want to get a Les Paul.


And I, I've never gotten one, but I've always wanted a Gibson Les Paul. So when I saw it, it was like that. So I am personally very unsurprised by the lawsuit from Gibson. There certainly a lot to cover. And you see what Trump does here. He there, there's always so much chaos. It's the same kind of thing. He's worked throughout his legal strategies and, and everything he's kind of ever done. He throws so much at you that, you know, you hope that even if some things get caught, that some things slip through the cracks. And so in this case, we have just so many supremely unqualified nominees, people who Donald Trump wants to surround himself with, some of them with very serious sexual assault allegations against them.


And then some of them who are just plain unqualified. And at a time when tensions are high across the world, at a time when we are going to be confronted as we always are with various diseases, infectious diseases, pandemics and the like. It's very, very important that the people filling these roles, the people who are going to dictate, you know, how we live our lives and how we confront these crises. It's, it's crucial that these are competent people. Unfortunately, on the whole, we are not seeing that, hey, there are some picks by Donald Trump that I think are okay and fine and whatever, but there are certainly a lot of very dangerous picks that I, that I worry about if there was another pandemic or things like that.


We'll get into all of that and more Jordy, what's new on your end? Excited to get into the show tonight, brothers. But you know, just, I'm gonna say it. The corporate media coverage is absolutely insane of Trump that they continue to literally cover for him every step of the way. The egg prices is a perfect example. Ben, what do we see too? When he was running for president, you know, what was he such a bad president? You know, if you, if you, if you just include the first three years and not the way he handled the pandemic, he wasn't so bad was he I mean that like was a talking point that I saw over and over and over again with corporate media. And I don't wanna make light of these situations, but like it's just becoming just stranger and stranger by the day.


Like we almost need a March madness grift bracket. So someone bookmark this and we'll revisit this are just all the greatest slash worst grifts that Trump has done over these past couple years or months. You know what? We got the sneakers, you got the watches now you got the guitars, you got the Bibles, you could go on and on. It is just an endless list of grift after grift. And now he's gonna be the frigging president and corporate media's gonna cover for him. But we're not going to do that here at the Midas Touch Network. We will not let y'all down. I promise we're calling it out every step of the way. Benji, even if you gave Donald Trump a mulligan for an entire year of his presidency, like who gets just ignore that whole year, there was a manufacturing recession in 2019, whereas there's a manufacturing boom under President Biden.


Just go back and look, Google it. Was there a manufacturing recession in 2019 yet? 'cause what did Donald Trump do? He'd go to Ohio, by the way, a state that votes for him. He'd go to Michigan, by the way, a state that apparently voted for him. He'd go to Wisconsin with golden shovels and he said, I'm building the factory, I'm gonna build it. And then guess what? He didn't build it. He lied over. He goes, my infrastructure package is coming week after week. Now the reason why I think it's important though, that we cover the guitar story is not just that, oh, Trump's a grifter and it's very scammy. If you can't properly sell a guitar when you are a president-elect, which nobody would ever even conceive of doing before, and you have to steal intellectual property from another guitar company, you want the nuclear codes, you know, look, we take for granted that stings sometimes work.


Like you don't necessarily think when you're eating grapes or you are drinking milk or you're making hard boiled eggs or whatever it is, the process of how it got there and the generations of safety protocols that were put in place to make sure you don't die along the way. And so while it may seem trendy, not to me, but to some who the Doge committee, and they're gonna fire quite literally millions of people who work at the federal government. What in the world is food processing administrator, senior protocol level three engineer from, well, yeah, maybe that's the person who is looking into that thing that is ensuring compliance so that you can go about going to the grocery store, picking food out and you're not worried about dying or using.


Yeah, Ben, here's, here's, here's the thing, Ben, when you remove somebody from Twitter at random, right? An employee at Twitter, the website may stop working, it might start glitching. You might have some issues accessing the search function. Notifications may start being glitchy. Stuff like that is gonna happen when you pull people out of these government positions who are in charge of regulating food safety, who are in charge of pandemic preparedness. People die. Like that's what happens if you do this in the wrong way. And if you do it with a sledgehammer as then not a scalpel as Elon Musk and the ve Ram swami are promising to do. Sorry, I just wanted to like to like point out because he views this the same way that he's views that he viewed his job going in there at Twitter.


Just, let's just get rid of full departments. Let's just get rid of all these people. Oh, this position has a, a funny sounding name. It has it, it says diversity in the name. So I assume that's bad because when I think of diversity, I, I don't think of the diversity of, of biological organisms. I'm thinking of the diversity that I'm racist about. So here's what I gotta, let's just wipe away the position. Next thing you know, you have foodborne diseases and you have all these things spreading and, and that's like what Elon wants. That's, that's what they want to do with this fake organization that they put together. You know, I think one of the things that Donald Trump and MAGA did during Covid also was kind of make the American population numb to the very concept of death.


Like the very reality of like family members dying or people going out and like losing their lives. It, it just became kind of like numerical, like rounding up versus like, this is people's, what are we talking about? We're we want to save people's lives. We don't want people to die here. so you just take a look though, we're talking about these Trump guitars right here. Brett, to your point, when you looked at 'em, they were like sold out right away. And, and, and the kind of sc why, why I call it scammy. There's a lot of reasons. But he basically uses on all of these products like AI generated imagery or kind of photoshopped imagery and then sells them in advance.


They don't manufacture the products for five or six months until after a sale is done. So they collect all this money upfront, then they figure out how they're gonna manufacture it. All sales are final whether you actually get the thing or not. And then it always says this in the fine print, I always go to the frequently asked question section when whether it's the sneakers or the coins or whatever it is that he's selling. And it always says this, the images shown are for illustration purposes only and may not be an exact representation of the product. And so even when he was selling the $100,000 watches, it said the same thing.


So you're gonna be buying a watch for a hundred thousand dollars and then they make him what in China and then send you a different watch and go, here you go. This is what you put a hundred thousand dollars towards. And obviously rage raises major red flags in terms of money laundering. 'cause what human being other than maybe like the, just someone who like loves being taken advantage of over and on. And I'm sure there's a large group of people like that and wants to feel like they're a part, a part of this. But who else would buy something that's not the real thing for hundreds of thousands of dollars or tens of thousands of dollars, you know? And here now we're seeing Gibson saying, look, that's an image of our guitar. And here's the thing too. Gibson is a lawyer. Gibson has an obligation to sue Donald Trump for it to preserve its intellectual property and trademarks over and patents over the device.


If they fail to sue anybody else can then come along and then steal Gibson. And then when Gibson sues them, they u they now use as a defense. Well, Gibson allowed Trump to go and use it so they're not defending their marks. so you actually have, if you own trademarks, an affirmative obligation to defend it and Sue, so now you also have Donald Trump throwing this company Gibson under the bus because Gibson has no, they have to sue Trump, just so you know. And I'm sure they want to, but they are legally obligated to or else in their various other lawsuits, they will automatically lose them.


Now talking about lawsuits, let's pivot for a second and talk about the Trump world all threatening to sue each other. We knew this would happen. It's happening early. And you have on the one hand, Boris Epstein, who's been very loyal to Donald Trump since 2016. Just so you remember, Epstein is that guy, the body cam videos of him surfaced in 2023 of an incident from 2021, where various women at this Arizona bar accused him of just being overall creepy and groping them at the bar was a very embarrassing body cam footage. And yet another example of Trump picking people who have, you know, certain types of issues and accusations being made against them, but you have a group of kind of Trump lawyers and advisors who are saying Ssh Epstein was involved in a pay for play scheme, basically selling off access for a hundred thousand dollars a month to Donald Trump.


Epstein saying, that's bs I'm gonna sue you for saying that. Like that, that that never happened. And then the other advisors saying it did happen. And what you have here are these typical kind of power struggles that go on that we've always seen historically, you know, with with with Donald Trump's picks. And we're seeing it here now again, Brett and Jordy. So that's basically the, the Epstein situation. By the way, Epstein went to Georgetown University Law School right around the same time that I went there and we took different, we took different paths. Yeah, there are different paths to say, did Eric also go to, Eric went to gw or why, why, why you overlap with so many of the Trump world.


George Tiffany went to Georgetown Law School. There you go. And one of the things that Trump said about Tiffany is that she finished first in her class at Georgetown Law, and they don't do rankings like that at Georgetown Law. So you wouldn't be first, you would not be first in class. And I don't even think she was on the, on the high honor roll. Not that it matters one way or another, but she, he, he lied. He had a lie and say she was first in her class. Oh wow. Wow. Trump lied breaking news. Trump lied. Everybody breaking news. Yeah. And the, the interesting kind of wrench that's been thrown into this mix, of course has been Elon Musk. And we've had heard numerous reports now of Trump and Elon sort of getting on each other's nerves throughout this whole process. I mean, heck, it seems like Elon Musk has become the new carry lake of Mar-a-Lago, he like just doesn't leave the place anymore.


Yeah, like he's, he's, it's hilarious. He's I mean the guy's been there for weeks. Like he's been there since the election. He, he hasn't left apparently, which is just utterly bizarre. Like, you know, I'm sure he leaves to for his events and whatnot. But his like home base right now Elon is, is Mar-a-Lago. And so it's, there are times where Trump gets super irritated at him, but now Elon Musk is also trying to flex his influence in this new White House, so incoming administration. And so Elon has had a, a very rocky relationship with Boris Epstein to say the least. And so I think he is, you know, likely behind a lot of kind of the push as well to get Epstein, you know, kind of out of the kind of inner circle.


And Epstein's been there with Trump now for a while. He was even in the courtroom with him. He was, you know, on, on some of these indictments. And so it just has been a kind of very central player in this Trump world. And, but you see how, you know, Elon Musk is kind of coming in and he's trying to kind of bully his way out around and is trying to kind of purge Trump's own inner circle of those people who have been around him for a really long time. Listen, as you see all this, the one thing that becomes increasingly clear to me is that this sort of tension that we're already seeing bubble up in the inner workings of the Trump camp is not something that is going to be sustainable.


The I mean we're already seeing like the cracks forming and even beyond cracks in many respects. But these people are going to eat each other alive. And some of it is just gonna have to be us watching and saying, let them destroy themselves. Let them, you know, they'll, they'll take care of this on their own. But we are gonna continue to see these stories because I mean it just, it's impossible not to. When you put so many people devoid of moral character, all with their own kind of personal ambitions and their own kind of personal end goals, you throw 'em all in the room and you try to have 'em play nice, it's just, it's not going to work. They're all going to be at each other's throats nonstop. They're all going to try to be tearing each other down, leaking stories to the press, getting each other fire.


Like it's, it's gonna be pure chaos within this administration. And the only thing that I hope is that in the midst of that chaos that that allows us to, or allows us basically to prevent a lot of the chaos inflicted upon our country, while they are kind of too caught up in their own kind of inner battles. It's why this maggot ilk goes after experts, right? They, they go after experts in fields is because they are so incompetent. They're born on home plate and they need somebody to blame because they don't know how to run anything. So what do they do? They need to find it's somebody's fault. Oh, this guy's an expert in that field, it's his fault. Let's get him out the door.


And sooner or later there's not gonna be those competent people around because Trump continues to surround himself with yes men and, and yes women. And it's just going to be a circular firing squad of who's the most incompetent. And they're just going to not, not only get nothing accomplished during this administration, but they're going to attack each other every single day. If I were to create a word tree of Donald Trump, one of the key words after some of the obvious ones, perhaps criminal being one of the, the main ones that might pop up on a word tree though, is blame, right? Jordy. I don't even think it's about experts. The whole thing is actually a lack of leadership.


The whole thing is how do we blame this group? Blame that one. And Trump's entire campaign was base on blame. Vice president Kamala Harris' was based on competent leadership. Let's move forward and let's get beyond blaming each other. And Americans seemed to be like, no, no, no, no. We, I got not, not all Americans, but a lot of American, I, I need to blame somebody for this. The reality was who they should blame are the billionaires that Donald Trump represents. The Mar-a-Lago crowd are the real people. But they've weaponized blame as a way to keep this kind of force field around themselves and say, it's this fault, it's that fault.


It's the Haitian migrants, they're eating your cats and dogs. It's this group of migrants. They're the ones who are coming for you. It's this group. They're the ones that come for you. It's the trans, the trans men, trans women. They're the ones trans people are coming for you. And by the way, just think about it, you have transgender people who are fighting for our country right now and one of the first executive actions that Donald Trump plans to put in place while you have American not meeting its military recruiting requirements is to kick out transgender troops out of the military, which would force about 15,000 people out of their post existing people on medical deferments.


Basically saying that you are medically not qualified to fight for this country if you are transgender. And so that's the type of stuff that's gonna be part of Donald Trump's focus. Who could we blame? And when you blame and you shame and you're not actually trying to better your game, what ends up happening is you, it backfires all of the time. And that's just not the way to have sustainable leadership. And that's exactly what we're seeing right now. Now we are going to have another Patreon Zoom meeting this Wednesday morning upcoming. So if you, for those who can't attend the night sessions, it's gonna be Wednesday morning.


I want you to check in at patreon.com/midas touch so you can see when on Wednesday morning it's gonna be, there'll be a secret link right there. It'll be another one of the meetings. As I said, we wanna do more meetings with you during these times. I love seeing your face. The last one was a smashing success. Hundreds of people got to meet us on that zoom. Looking forward to meeting you on that zoom as well. patreon.com/minus touch. Let's take our first quick break of the show.


Flavored air is not like vaping. If vapor was compared to sticky soda. Fume cos are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, orange, vanilla, and new peach blush. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics, no vapor, no combustion fume draws flavor to your mouth and fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave. Fume is not a vape and there's no nicotine and it's not addictive. It's very important. Also, fume has non-toxic flavors. It's truly a guilt-free alternative to your bad habit. The look and feel of Fume is awesome. The design is super high quality. Fume continuously invests in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products and is backed by doctors in the US personally. My favorite flavor is the orange vanilla. I love the way it tastes. I'm truly a huge fan of fume. So many listeners of this program have told me they've quit their bad habits with Fume. And I know it can do the same for you. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use our code Midas to get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to tri fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com. Tri fume.com. And use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S or scan the QR code on screen to get a free gift with your order today. Tri fume.com. Use the code Midas.


Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. For example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day. Ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off. Shout out to our pro-democracy sponsors like the holidays right around the corner. ZBiotics, I'm just gonna say we'll help you tremendously.


I'm shocked. We, you know, we went through all the Grifts guys, we, you know, the Bibles and the suit, sorry, the, the Bibles. The, the, the watches. Yep, the watches and the, the piece of suit I think you're getting at, I I'm just, I'm just surprised there hasn't been a a suitcase, a a a suitcase grift yet. Are aren't you guys surprised that there, there's been no Trump suitcase? Yeah, I don't want to go there, Jordan. I I don't want to go back and, but yeah, there's, let's go, let's, let's move on. I won't understand that and they appreciate that Joe want to talk about the, for, for another show? Did you lose me there for a second? Lost you there for a quick second, but you're back.


I know Jordy, did we lose Ben? We might have lost Ben. I think it's more suitcase conversations, but that's okay. We'll save it for a different show. 'cause I know Ben did not want to dive in deep into that, that that topic. But am I, am I back? He's back in the flesh. Back in the flesh. All right, speaking of back in the flesh, one of the things that we don't want in the flesh is the H five N. What'd you say? I said what a transition. I'm just, no one wants H five N one in the flesh, but it's a serious matter because look, you know, H one n one, we forget, or we hope we don't forget, I mean it killed, you know, almost half, maybe more than half a million people worldwide.


I mean that was a very serious thing that was taken seriously at the highest levels of, of the medical community. President Obama, former President Obama messaged it. We took the threat seriously and, and, and it was dealt with, right? And the question was always, what if you had someone who's incredibly unprepared? And I I I can't rewrite the history and say what would've happened if Hillary Clinton was the president in 2019? That's why it's COVID-19. And I'm sure though she wouldn't have pretended through March of 2020 that this was a hoax as Donald Trump said, and like a miracle.


It was all just going to magically disappear and then start blaming people. That, that, that's why, you know, when, when I get asked questions by Trump supporters or, or when I, to the extent that Trump supporter approaches me at the holidays or, or whatever, or just in general. 'cause from time to time Trump supporter will see me. I I, I know I'm not going to change their mind in a single interaction. So often what I just say is I go, look, you know, here's someone he like, he's bankrupted everything he's touched before. so, you know, IIII hope you're right about him, but he's someone who's screwed up always. And so I, I'll check back in with you in about six months in a year, okay?


'cause he's someone who's failed before. But maybe go back and just do your research on why he's failed and then they'll go, well that's being a good businessman. That's what you're supposed to do. You're supposed to bankrupt your companies. Okay, I'll check back with you in about six to, in about six to nine months. 'cause look, this is how he runs things. There's a pathology and an and a and a mo here in how he does things. And it's deny and blame and pretend things aren't going to happen. But now we're confronted with another viral strand, H five N one, and we've been seeing outbreaks of avian flu strands now for many years when President Biden's been in charge. And sometimes what you have to do with the purpose of regulations, like when Biden would be in office, and I know businesses don't like this, and they're gonna tell Trump, Hey, we need to be exempted from this.


But sometimes where there is an a, a positive result for avian flu, you have to then unfortunately kind of kill off the livestock. Or you have to take, you know, action even if none of the other livestock have it. You have to sometimes take preemptive action. And of course businesses are going to say, look, that's millions of dollars right there. That's millions of dollars. We can't do that. But okay, you then have to say millions of dollars. But what if, what if that's what's actually going to stop a massive pandemic from really hurting people and from killing people?


And so these are the decisions that leaders have to make. And how do you think Trump's gonna be making that decision? Well, so much attention has been focused on sex assault and child sex trafficking of Trump's cabinet. And think about that, that should be a disqualifier. I'll show you in a little bit. All of the Republicans who have spent the weekend justifying it, I mean like literally going on TV and saying it's, it's flirting. It's, it was, it was flirting. Or, or, or look, Donald Trump is just picking disruptors. That's what they go, that was one of their lines this weekend. He's picking disruptors. Who are we to challenge his pick of disruptors? I don't know.


You're, you're a United States senator, seems like pretty significant thing. Maybe you say if you are a disruptor because you have allegations for child sex trafficking or sex assault that just, maybe you're not the right person for the, I don't know, may, maybe that's what you should be doing. But in addition to these allegations, these people are woefully unqualified. Like when child sex trafficking is the tip of the iceberg for these picks by Donald Trump to be the cabinet that's saying something. And already you've got Trump having all these Republicans in the Senate lined up without even the hearings taking place saying, yeah, we're gonna support people like this.


We're gonna support people, like we're gonna support people. So yes, for example, RFK Junior is credibly accused of sexually assaulting his 23-year-old nanny. Yes, RFK Jr kept a diary of all of the women who he cheated on his wife with and in very specific detail sketched out the sexual positions. And later after his wife discovered that she unli herself, yes, all of that happened. But he's also someone who's gone on Russian television, rt and he said that H one N one was fabricated by the government and pharmaceutical companies so that big pharma would get rich. This is what he said on Russian tv here, play this clip.


The World Health Organization. That's really a misnomer. The World Health Organization is even more captured than CDC is. The World Health Organization gets half its budget from the industry. It is absolutely controlled from top to bottom by the pharmaceutical companies and particularly the vaccine makers who use WHO to, you know, fabricate pandemics like the swine flu, like the H one N one and make billions of dollars on pandemics that never happen. Now, here's the thing. There are legitimate complaints about, there are legitimate complaints about big pharma, okay?


And the same way when we're talking about like the FBI or the CIA, there are very credible, legitimate complaints about them that we shouldn't shy away from when big pharma engages in really concerning behavior. But to say, to take advantage and to be predatory on Americans or, or people of the world and take advantage of the skepticism that's rightfully there about big pharma, but to then say that H one N one swine flu was just something that was just totally made up. That it was one that is a big lie for pharmaceutical companies to make money.


That's not just a conspiracy theory, that's a lie. There's been literally hundreds of thousands of people who have died from that, and that's irresponsible and should be disqualified. That's the guy who you go, let's, let's let him run healthy. He's the guy who should run health. This is a guy who said that the purpose of the quarantine, by the way, these are Trump lockdowns. You know, I, I love how MAGA tries to recast this as though this was the democratic lockdown. Biden didn't have lockdowns. And again, this is the, the collective amnesia of covid. They were Trump lockdowns. Trump was in office when you couldn't watch college football or, or NFL, you couldn't leave your home.


And by the way, for those who detested the lockdowns, for those who hated wearing masks and said the masks were the worst things ever had, Trump responsibly looked into these things in 19, in 18, had he not pour apart former President Obama's pandemic playbook, there may not have been a need for any of those things if it was handled responsibly and done the way leaders should. But here you have RFK Junior in another clip, which should come up in a confirmation hearing. And, and again, our research team were the ones who uncovered all of these clips here. He says that the purpose of the quarantine was to cover up installing 5G cell phone networks in order to create a sense of slavery vis-a-vis digital currency play the clip.


I'm gonna say one more thing. They haven't done a done a very good job about protecting public health, but they've done a very good job at using the quarantine to bring 5G into all of our communities and to shift us all to begin the process of shifting us all to a digital currency, which is the beginning of slavery. Because if they control your bank account, they control your behavior. And we all see these advertisements, Okay? I'm his, his voice is really hard to listen to it also like, so I, the whole, the whole shtick, you know, and I know, I understand that there's a health thing there too, but like he's, he's lying right there over and over and over again.


Now here's, I got, I got one more I wanna play where he, one of his things that he wants to do leading HHS is to stop research on infectious diseases for eight years here, play the clip. I'm gonna go to NIH my first week and I'm gonna call all the division heads and I'm gonna call all the bureau chiefs and I'm gonna say we're going to give drug development and infectious disease a break, a little break, little bit of a break for about eight years, and we are gonna study chronic disease.


Can I just say this, can I just say this real quick? It's just so predatory and what I mean by this is there are Midas Touch podcast listeners that aren't necessarily super anti RFK because of Ben. Some of the things that you sort of alluded to like, hey, are there questionable things out there that we as a society should perhaps look into? Yeah, like I, I, I could, I could understand why people would be okay with that sort of thought process, but it's then when he takes it a step further and he starts to go down this deeply conspiratorial lane that becomes, you know, at the risk of, of killing people ultimately, like he brings people in.


And this is what, this is what so many of these magos really do. They bring people in with, with perhaps an inkling of truth with something like, Hey, maybe we should look into this, right? And then all of a sudden they, they go boom, and they hit you with the deep, crazy conspiratorial stuff that's not only dangerous, but it's deadly as well. Yeah. I mean, hey, you don't want, I, I think most people would agree with, Hey, do we want, should we look into these certain additives and food? You know, are, are these dyes healthy? Why is this chemical allowed in the United States but not allowed in the United Kingdom? You know, I, I think those are all incredibly fair points and I think those are all things that we should be raising, but having good ideas in those regards does not negate the things that we just heard in those statements, which to Jordy's point are incredibly dangerous statements.


And like we, we, we, our researchers put together a list of, because, you know, RFK is often branded an anti-vaxxer and that's sort of his, the labeling that folks give to him. And while that is accurate, it's so much more than that. Like there's so much more, there's so much more crazy stuff that he has said that is like maybe even more dangerous. And so there, there's an article right now if you go to midas plus.com, it's called Viruses are Our Friend. It's a, that's a quote from RFK 10 off the wall clips from RFK Jr. Resurface on Blue Sky. And we have a 10 clips, which are just one crazier than the next, like in one of these clips. RFK Junior says that the chemicals in water are making kids trans and gay.


That's something that RFK Junior is saying. And, and so when, when you hear stuff like these 5G conspiracies in the anti-vax and, and all the rest, you know, to me, even though he may be, you know, have some good ideas in terms of, hey, should we be looking at this food additive or, or why does this country do it this way and, and or not allow this sort of thing? And we do. Those are all questions that I think the American people deserve to have answers to. And, and I I think he actually has kind of some good insight into some of those areas. That doesn't mean that, that you can negate all of this other stuff that could be incredibly dangerous, right? At a time when you need to have your guard up and be fully prepared.


As we've seen what happens when an administration is not prepared and a pandemic hits. You see the devastation of that despite the fact that a lot of these Trump voters wanna just block out blackout completely all of 2020. And, and the ramifications from that, which were a direct result of Donald Trump's mishandling of the situation, the ignoring of the pandemic and denials that are not too dissimilar than what we hear from RFK himself. And we see that that leads to absolutely deadly consequences. Look, they don't just wanna block out 2020 though. They also wanna block out 2019 and frankly 2018 as well because remember 2019 manufacturing recession 20 18, 20 19, around that period, Donald Trump continuously trying to repeal Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, which he's gonna want to try to do again.


Also, during that same time period, Donald Trump tried to pass a rule that would say your tips belong to your boss. Your boss owns the tips of workers. So the whole concept of no tax on tips is actually if your boss owns your tips, it's a tax avoidance scheme for your boss because you're not going to get tips at all. And so they want to ignore all of that. And really the only thing they want you to focus on was really right up until they pass the tax cuts for the deca billionaires and deca millionaires because that's when the Trump cycle really took over and that cycle dipped into about the first year and a half of the Biden cycle, who then had to fix that.


The part they want you to remember about Trump won was the Obama part, the part where the Obama policies had things working well because Obama implemented policies that were actually sustainable and responsible. That's why former president Bill Clinton was able to balance the budget. Whereas magar Republicans and Republicans and Tea Party Republicans, they've brought us record deficits. Donald Trump added $8 trillion in debt. I think we'll be lucky in the next four years if that number's not three times. I think the best case scenario was $12 trillion in debt that was gonna be added.


I think it'll be more like $30 trillion in debt. And what are they gonna try to do? They're going to try to blame the Democrat who then takes over because of the mess that they created. But I guess if there's a glass half full portion of this, which I think there is, I think we can get out of this loop. I call it the authoritarian loop on midas plus.com. I did a whole article on the authoritarian kind of feedback loop that I'm describing that took place because at some point I, I don't, I don't like f around and find out 'cause that means people are going to be hurt by f rounding and finding out, I don't, I don't even people who voted for the guy, I'm sorry if you want me to wish pain upon my fellow American, even if they've, it's just hard for me to want people to feel paid okay that that's just me.


But to some extent it's like this is what you wanted Russell vote, the guy who literally is the architect of project 2025, now he's the head of the Office of Budget and Management. He's the office of Management and Budget, OMB, literally the guy, his name is written chapter one Russell Vote, what we do to basically get rid of the government and give it to Donald Trump. So for all of that, oh, I don't know one thing about Project 2025, well Russell vote is in charge. Tom Holman is running immigration and with Tom Holman running immigration, we now have the land commissioner from Texas who like somehow like extracted land from somebody like bragging.


We took the land from this rich lady who didn't wanna give it to us. So now we own the land in this letter. A small, a small government, huh? And we, we took this land, we seized land for a private citizen and now we wanna give this 1,402 plot acres to build deportation camps. Let's get 'em. And, and now the farmers are out there saying, whoa, whoa, whoa. But we have migrants, we need an exemption. So go for the migrants that you don't like, maybe in the blue states, but don't come. But there are farmers in the blue states. So could we do a car a carve out over here? We don't take our migrants away. And and you have to think about it I mean there are migrants who are keeping the economy afloat and Trump's telling the American people to literally deport people who are hardworking at their work sites, who are helping the American economy.


That that's what they're, that's what they're asking for. Anyway, there's a lot more to talk about. I want to take our last quick break of the show, but I wanna remind everybody, patreon.com/midas touch Wednesday morning, the time, the link, it's all on patreon.com/midas touch. Last time hundreds of people joined to meet my brothers and myself. We had a great time meeting you. We're doing it Wednesday morning Now for those who can attend at night, so you can attend a morning session, we're gonna be doing a lot more of those as well. patreon.com/midas touch take our last quick break of the show.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made bedsheets. Miracle Made sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics. Inspired by NASA Miracle, Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do. Now thanks to Miracle Made sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable and without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's tri miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Alright, let's talk about NAD plus. It's an every living cell in your body and it helps keep you young by repairing damage, detoxifying, and giving you energy. But between age 20 and 50, your NAD plus levels are cut in half. No wonder we start feeling older, more tired and less vibrant. But here's the good news, Qualia, NAD plus makes it easy to boost your NAD plus levels by 74%. It's a simple supplement that's vegan, gluten-free non GMO, and packed with ingredients to help you feel at your peak longer into life. Quality N NA D plus contains the most powerful NAD plus precursors like niacin, niacinamide, and nigen. These ingredients are clinically tested to boost your NAD plus levels and quality. NAD plus has many other holistic ingredients that support all major aspects of N NA D plus production in your body. Plus it's doctor formulated so you know it's the real deal. I've been using Qualia NAD plus since they sent it to me and the difference is huge. I actually feel energized, awake, and ready to take on the day. I had no idea how much my low NAD plus was dragging me down. To boost YOUR NAD plus levels by up to 74%. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout. That's J-O-R-D-Y at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life.com/jordi, J-O-R-D-I for 15% off your purchase. Thanks to Qualia for sponsoring today's episode.


Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors links in descriptions of YouTube and audio. Use our links, let them know we sent you. They've got some great holiday deals. Black Friday Cyber Monday. Go there now. The deals are already there. Check 'em out, it's awesome. Benji, where to next? Let's talk briefly. Special counsel Jack Smith filed a motion to dismiss the Washington DC federal criminal case against Donald Trump. This was not unexpected. I mean unfortunately that that's the consequence of the election. There's really nothing Jack Smith could do in that situation For those blaming Jack Smith for this, Jack Smith did everything he was asked to do, right?


He was called when he was called by Merrick Garland. Jack Smith wasn't involved in the timing at all. So Jack Smith came from the Hague where he was living his life, prosecuting war criminals, riding bikes, came here pretty much won everything that he had to win legally. He won the big motion against Donald Trump where in the federal court itself, where Trump argued absolute immunity. Jack Smith then won it again in a court of appeals before the DC Circuit Court of Appeals in front of both Republican and Democrat judges. The panel was a bipartisan panel and then Trump, and then one of the things Jack Smith then asked was for the Supreme Court to expedite review so that it could go to trial on time.


The Supreme Court rejected that, waited many, many, many more months then when they delayed accepted oral argument for Donald Trump, then set it at the latest possible timeframe. Meanwhile, the Supreme Court said that the 14th Amendment section three disqualification clause for leading an insurrection does not apply to Donald Trump even though it very clearly would apply if you just, if you were a strict textualist. That's what literally the text says, you're involved in insurrection, you're disqualified. But the Supreme Court says, Nope, that doesn't apply. They delay the hearing on Trump's absolute immunity, then delay issuing the order, give Donald Trump absolute immunity.


And ultimately Donald Trump was able to then delay, delay, delay. I don't think Jack Smith ever envisioned I mean this is a serious lawyer that the Supreme Court would actually create a whole new legal doctrine and then basically admit that when they said they're conservative, they weren't conserv in our democracy, they were conserving a monarchy where someone is above the law. And while I know that's disappointing that he filed a motion to dismiss, it's not on Jack. There's a lot of other people that can be blamed here if we're doing the blame thing, not Jack Smith. He did everything that he had to do and now he's just literally following what the literal requirement is when you're, and when you read what he wrote, he is absolutely like livid that he has to write.


Like it's clear that his hand is literally being like forced upon, not literally, but and and and he's gotta like write this thing. I do wanna show this because when Rand Paul says something that somewhat makes sense, you know that there's a big issue and Mag, I'm not saying I agree with a lot of what Rand Paul's even saying here, but when Rand Paul's like, look, I don't think we should turn the military against American citizens. Like we can't have like military in the streets or National Guard like rounding people up. He's like, I think there should be deportations, but I just don't think we can have our United States military and I would oppose what Trump's plan is.


When you have Rand Paul saying that that is a good indication of what this Trump plan is, is as dangerous as you can be. So let me just show you a brief portion of what Rand Paul's saying here. Let's play it. If they send the army into New York and you have 10,000 troops marching, carrying semi-automatic weapons, I think it's a terrible image and I will oppose that. But it's not that I oppose removing people, I just right object to what has been against the law for over a hundred years. And that's using the army. But deputizing the National Guard, that specifically is the proposal. You also oppose that. I don't think it's the best way to do it.


It's, it's less clear whether that's legal or or illegal. Typically it has to be done at the behest of the governors. I still don't like a militarization of police, whether it's not. Okay, now let me show you Senator Eric Schmidt, Magar Republican senator. Here he is saying that, look, Pete Heif, he hasn't been charged yet with sexual assault. It may have been a hush money payment to pay off the victim and have the victim sign an NDA, but, but there are no charges here. Trump's this is disruptive. This is, this is what disruptors do. This is I'm, I could show you a dozen other Magus saying this, this weekend.


This was their line disrupting here, play the clip, Lee. This is a decision that President Trump made to bring in another disruptor. And I think if you look at this election, it was disruptor versus establishment. He ran on this and there needs ref, there needs to be reform in the Pentagon, whether it's procurement, whether it's getting rid of divisive, DEI that's dividing our military by race. There's no place in our military. I think he's talked about eliminating that and then also making sure our focus is on our chief adversary. China. Let me ask you, I guess big picture, Senator, you're on the Armed Services Committee and there's a known sexual assault problem in the military. Do you believe that Pete Hegseth is the right person to lead the military given all of that at this very moment?


Well, he's not been charged with anything, Kristen. I think that's important. And so you read from a police report. I've not seen the police report, but again, I'd like to, there's probably more documentation around this that would be interesting to see. So I hear you said that's what This conversation, so said you have questions. Well, Of course I'm gonna have questions, but of course I'm gonna, but, and this goes back to what we said before. Look, there are legitimate issues with the Department of Defense needing some reform. There's a lot of wasteful spending and there are issues with it. They then make it about D-E-I-D-E-I, you just named a Fox News weekend host who's never commanded a company in the military to be the Secretary of Defense.


And you are saying the issue is DEI, which is code for the Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin is a black man, a retired four star general, someone who is qualified. So in Magna's, DEI world, Pete Heif is qualified. Lloyd Austin is not qualified. And that's what's going on there. And then we, we need a disruptor. I'm a conservative and as a conservative, the most way I could be a conservative is let's bring in a Fox News host to just completely crap on the Department of Defense. Ho ho, ho I'm a conservative.


Nothing that they say has a shred of credibility anymore or even before. But it's out there. It's out there. Now you as Americans can be, yeah, schmidty, I like that. I like that, that, that makes sense to me. Or you can actually do your own freaking research, wake up and say, that's freaking crazy. That is insane. What, what a disrupt the COOs to get the nuclear codes. What are you talking about? The guy who says water makes you gay to be the HHS. What are we, what are we talking about? Someone who may be compromised by Russia, who praises Putin and praises dictators across the country to be the head of the DNI to be head of our national security.


What? I can go on and on Brett take the next segment, which is my favorite segment. Well, as, as I've said about Trump's cabinet, he has the ultimate DEI cabinet, it just stands for, didn't earn it. And I think as you see all of Trump's picks, most of Trump's picks, at least most of them certainly have not earned their position. The only way that Donald Trump seems to be selecting many of these people, not all, but many of these people is from a Fox News lineup apparently is, is what's going on there. And just side note, have you noticed that like 98% of the time when even the media, or when people use the term disruptor to describe somebody, usually it's because that person is just like a complete and total a-hole like 98% of the time.


But oh, there's just a disruptor. They disrupted this, disrupted that they're just like the world's worst person. Anyway, I wanna give you some economic update. Hey, real quick, sorry, can I just dive in super quick before we dive into the favorite segment is can corporate media, just in general, can we just stop letting this go? Like when you have the person who's just on being asked about access and the police report say, I I I haven't read it. What do you mean you haven't read it? You're you're on there because you know that they're gonna ask about him the same way. When Tony Hinchcliffe did the joke, did the joke at MSG and they had all the Republicans go on their corporate stations and they're like, so what'd you think of the joke? Oh, I, I actually haven't heard it yet, but he's a comedian. So it's like, why, why is there zero pushback when that is the ultimate answer?


Part of it is even structural, right? Part of it is structural. These shows have commercial breaks, they have small short timeframes. They just wanna get the question out, get their clip and move on because that, that's like, that's their whole thing. You know, I mean the format is flawed. And so unless you are at a high level actively working against it, then you're going to fall into these traps because you know damn well that those guests coming on your channel are aware of the, your restraints are aware of the time, you know, timing and know how to bully their way through an interview. And that's one of the reasons why these Republicans love appearing on all these shows. Okay, let's get into some economic updates. It's everybody's favorite segment here at the Midas Touch podcast.


This is the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers minute. So we had some good news folks, federal reserve rates a few weeks ago. We saw the Fed last cut interest rates about by about a quarter point by a quarter point earlier this month. Unfortunately right now it looks like the Federal Reserve may be slowing down on their plans to cut rates in September. They were originally predicting that there was gonna be multiple rates by the end of this year. They were predicting three rate cuts this year and then another four rate cuts next year. But Trump has sort of shaken up that entire plan. You have a lot of economists very worried now about the impact of Trump's tariffs, about the impact of Trump's tax cuts for the super wealthy on this economy, which has become the number one economy in the world.


I just wanna remind everybody in the post covid landscape now economists are just like a little wary about, about doing this and about continuing to bring down rates. And so what we're seeing is already as of the moment as we are live right now, mortgage rates have already begun to creep up. And if this remains the case that the Fed is going to kind of slow their role a little bit on the rest of the rate cuts that they were originally expecting, we we could see continued high mortgage rates. And this will also result in other borrowing costs for consumers and businesses to rise. We'll see auto loans to remain expensive, small business loans to face high rates.


And that's just, those are just some of the issues right now with the uncertainty that Donald Trump is bringing to the economy. And that's also one of the reasons why you always wanna wanna be on top of the latest government economic policies.


And NetSuite does provide that convenience by allowing for adaptation to new policies through agile system updates. I found this very interesting today and I think this should be screamed from the rooftops because guess what? The truth still matters, folks. According to a nationwide survey of grocery prices prepared by the American Farm Bureau Federation, the cost of this year's Thanksgiving meal is now at its lowest level since 2021. But that's not all. When you adjust that foreign inflation 2024 is now going to be the cheapest Thanksgiving meal in terms of purchasing power in nearly 40 years. This is the kind of stuff that we have seen all the trends heading to, and yet everybody has been focused on high egg prices, which those prices had, by the way, come down before this fear of the flu outbreak Meanwhile so far, you know, the markets are liking Donald Trump's pick for treasury. TE Treasury Secretary of this guy Scott Scent, the stock market futures rose. After he was selected, I think people were first concerned that he was going, going to go in a different direction. Elon Musk was actively lobbying against Trump's pick here for treasury. Secretary Bestin is a hedge fund magnet. He's a known quantity on Wall Street. So like I said before, wall Street doesn't like uncertainty. The economists don't like uncertainty, but Wall Street does like kind of thinking that they have control over somebody or knowing that you know, somebody is in their camp. One, one of the interesting things about Besant, he supported a lot of democratic kind of politicians and causes in the past, but ironically, the people who are most angry about Bessant as the pick for treasury secretary are the MAGA followers themselves because he has a long history as being a George Soros guy. Like you really can't make this up, but he was one of Soros like biggest proteges. And then when he started a fund like Soros helped him start that fund. So you're seeing a lot of backlash on this one, kind of specifically from Trump voters. I just think it's an interesting dynamic that we see forming here. And NetSuite provides, you know, the customization to use tailored reporting features that allow businesses to focus on a variety of specific stock market indicators relevant to your sector as a business. And with all the uncertainty that lays ahead and there are certainly a whole lot of it, you definitely want to make sure that you are always one step ahead of your competition. That was the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers minute Do, you know your own numbers for your business. Download NetSuite's ultimate KPI checklist right now at NetSuite dot com slash midas.


I wanna remind you there be quick programming note for folks asking in the chat Network goes on as usual this week. Yeah, I know it's a holiday week. Thanksgiving coming up. We're gonna be doing The brothers show Thursday as well. Look, politics will probably inevitably come up at your Thanksgiving this year. Let people know about the Midas Touch Network. If they're not subscribed, if they don't know about it, let them know that hey, we're a place, we're a pro-democracy community here. We're inviting and we tell the truth, you know, the way we tell the news the way it should be, which is unapologetically pro-democracy. And we just hand you data and the truth and the facts. Benji, the day before Thanksgiving, we'll be having our Zoom chat. So on Wednesday morning the time, the secret link, it's in patreon.com/midas touch.


I like that it's a secret. Don't have outside investors here. So it's one of the ways we grow this platform creatively. And you know, we got good news. That was it August, September and October we beat Fox News as the number one most watched YouTube channel in all of America across all categories. And that was thanks to you. We are currently behind Kendrick, Lamar, and Fox right now. We're number three right now in the country. We're hoping to surge ahead and we're gonna keep our heads down and keep on working. And all this means is we've got a big platform to get out pro-democracy messages each and every day and to create the media network of the future today.


That's what we're working hard to build every single day with all of you. So we're grateful for you. patreon.com/midas Touch is where you go to get that secret link, patreon.com/midas touch. Thank you everybody so much for watching today's show. We'll see you next time on the Midas Touch podcast. Jordy, take it away. Shout out to the Midas my day. The Hey, Midas mighty, love this report.


Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, syn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.