
We are seeing Trump's worst nightmare accelerate as we're on the home stretch leading to the election. All of these classic Republicans, as I like to call them, are fleeing Donald Trump. And they are going on media shows, they're making selfie videos, whatever, calling Donald Trump out, and letting the world know why Donald Trump should be disqualified from holding the highest office of the land. These classic Republicans are loud and proud, and we've been sharing stories like this for three and a half years, but this is accelerating right now. I wanna show you right now, former GOP representative Bob Inglis from South Carolina, he explains why he is endorsing vice president Kamala Harris.


He went on CNN. Here's what he had to say. Let's play this clip. Is Your endorsement of Harris more about your approval of the vice president or a rejection of Trump? Well, it starts with the rejection of Donald Trump. You know, I think he's disqualified based on his character, but also based on rationality. You know, a lot of what he says just doesn't square with the facts, and so don don't know whether that's a processing issue as he ages or whether it's something else. But any event, it's pretty obvious that we're not, we're not dealing with a totally rational actor, but we're also dealing with somebody with real flawed character traits.


I wanted to share with you right here, this account, I follow it on X or used to be Twitter. Someone by the name of JP husband dad, political, independent, former Trump voter. Now anti-Trump refers to himself as an American traditionalist. He's supporting vice President Kamala Harris, and lots of his posts go viral posts like this. My wife and I are voting Democrat this year for the first time. We've been making jokes about it around the house. I was wearing a solid red shirt on our walk last night, and she said, I looked like a fascist. The dishes were piled up in the sink, and I said, now that you're a feminist, does that mean you won't be touching these? He goes on to say, this is an intervention.


If you think these are all lies, you might be in a cult. Turn off Fox News. Stop listening to propagandists who are paid by our foreign adversaries and seek new resources of information. Inflation is under 3%. Violent crime is at a 50 year low. The Dow has hit an all time high, by the way, Donald Trump's stock is crashing. Unemployment is low, jobs are plentiful. Gas prices are low. We aren't deployed in any wars. Domestic manufacturing is strong. Energy production is at an all time high. All facts and contrast that to this post that JP made. And he shows what these Maccas actually look like at these events.


And this is the types of things that they say. This is what the Republican Party has become. This is why there's a mass exodus away from this ma of nonsense. We have to terminate the Constitution to defend it. It's not his fault. He was fooled. Donald Trump's the only honest one. J six had nothing to do with him. He's a victim, the biggest victim. He sacrificed it all for us. America's a third world hellhole. He is our last chance to save it. JP says, I've never voted Democrat, but Donald. Trump called to terminate the United States Constitution and tried to overturn the election like some third world dictator. He betrayed our country and no one will guilt shame or bully me and to being quiet about it.


Republicans for Harris. And meanwhile, you have Donald Trump's top surrogates and lawyers like Alina Haba posting photos like this. Here's Michael. He's a physician and former Trump voter who's voting for Harris this year. This is brought to you by the Republican voters against Trump support that group. They do incredible work here, play this clip. He is an absolute danger hazard and a threat to public health, and that is my primary concern as a physician. My name is Michael and I'm a doctor living in Hawaii. I am sorry to tell you that I voted for Donald Trump before, but I will not vote for him again. This time I'm happy to say that I'm voting for Kamala Harris.


Donald Trump is a hazard to public health. The thing that really triggered me was his stand against vaccination and in support of unproven therapies and his alignment with the anti-vax movement. Just last month, Donald Trump said in a rally that he would not fund any schools that mandate vaccination for children. That he would not give them one penny that would plunge us back into the Middle Ages. It would undo all of the public health gains we have made since the Bubonic plague of the Middle Ages. He is an absolute danger hazard and a threat to public health, and that is my primary concern as a physician.


His racism and misogyny and all that other stuff, not withstanding, his mishandling of the Covid pandemic in the United States led to 1.2 million deaths, 300 to 400,000 of which were needless. I am embarrassed to say I voted for Donald Trump before, but I will not be making that mistake again. This right here is Hila. She's a former Republican who voted for Donald Trump. She's in Nevada. Here's the video that she made as posted by Republican voters against Trump. Check this out. After The debate between Biden and Trump, I was discouraged, but I remain committed to my personal mantra. Anybody but Trump. My name is Hayla.


I live in Las Vegas, Nevada. I am a former Republican who voted for Donald Trump in 2016, but I am fully supporting and endorsing Kamala Harris in the 2024 presidential election. Well, based on the dismal outcome of that first presidency, the failed Covid policies, the inflation, the denial of the election results, and that amazing, for lack of a better word, January 6th fiasco. So as a lifelong Republican, I have continued to believe in fiscal responsibility, respect for the law, and order and respect for our constitution. Fast forward to this 2024 presidential election cycle, and after the debate between Biden and Trump, I was discouraged, but I remain committed to my personal mantra.


Anybody but Trump, Kamala Harris is a demonstrated leader. She instills pride in honor in being an American. I believe her past performance demonstrates her willingness to work hard, seek input from others, and advance the value of bipartisanship and democracy. Vice President Kamala Harris has my unwavering support, and I hope all of you will join in this opportunity to make this great nation even greater.


So I'm sure you can tell with all of the videos I do, it's a pretty busy daily schedule I have. So I'm always dreading the what should we have for dinner? Question. And you know, should it be takeout, what should it be? I want good, healthy food, and that's why I'm loving home chef. It's like the perfect thing for me. So Home Chef provides fresh ingredients and chef designed recipes conveniently deliver to your doorsteps to simplify your cooking experience has worked wonders for me. So whether you prefer classic meal kits with pre-portioned ingredients and easy instructions, I do speedy recipes. Less than 30 minutes to make, I do oven ready kits with pre-chopped ingredients I do, or quick microwave meals that assemble in minutes I do. Home Chef has you and the entire family covered and it's really delicious, delicious stuff. So here's what I want you to do for a limited time. Home Chef is offering our listeners 18 free meals plus free desserts for life, and of course, free shipping on your first box. You gotta go to home chef.com/midas. That's home chef.com/midas for 18. Free meals and free desserts for life. You heard that right Home chef.com/midas. You must be an active subscriber to receive the free dessert.


Here's Mike. Mike is a former Trump voter who's voting for Vice President Kamala Harris this year. Here play this clip. I will not be voting for Trump due to the project 2025. The fact that he wants to become a dictator. The fact that he wants to become a king, and the fact that he's America as we've known it. My name is Mike. I'm a former Trump voter, and in 2024, I'll vote for a Democrat. The reason I will not be voting for Trump or any Republican, there's too many things negative about. The biggest is the project 2025. Trump stated that he is against it, whereas he's been recorded saying that, that this is a good project, this is a good group, and things like that.


It's just disgusting. From a freedom standpoint, I, I'm just not sure how anybody can still follow this person. As far as the JD Vance pick, pretty much any pick that he had or has is just not a good fit for the country. JD Vance alone by himself, I don't think he is a decent human being. don don't think he is right for the country. don don't think he's right for our laws. But to be honest with you, at this point in time, I don't think any GOP person is right for this country. I just, I can't think of anybody that would benefit this country going forward. I will not be voting for Trump due to the project 2025. The fact that he wants to become a dictator.


The fact that he wants to become a king, and the fact that he's ruined America as we've known It. And here's Joe. Joe is a former Trump voter from North Carolina. Here's what he has to say. It is a sad state to think about America having a president that's a felon. I just find that offensive. I'm Joe from North Carolina, a former Trump supporter. I will not support him this election. Our country desperately needs strong leadership, not a narcissist. We need someone that can unite, not divide someone who can focus on the issues not on himself. And finally, the biggest issue on my mind is the world is in such a unstable state, right?


Now. it needs America more than ever to be in the leadership role and take the lead on establishing the the world order. And I, I feel that what I saw President Trump in his first term, how he performed that was anything but what he did. When President Trump selected JD Vance to be his vice president, my first reaction was it's Mag Mini me. I'm much more confident that we could can recover from the damage caused by a Harris presidency than by a Trump presidency. It is a sad state to think about America having a president that's a felon. I just find that offensive. We can go back and change policies, we can change, you know, laws that might get put in place, but the damage in relationships that Trump can create or other decisions that could really impact the world security or the economy, those are really take a long time to recover from.


Speaking of that to Joe Donald Trump's handpicked gubernatorial candidate, Mark Robinson spinning the news this past week, scandal after scandal, some of the most disturbing posts and behavior, but that's what MAGA is today. Here's the ad that Vice President Kamala Harris's team cut. Let's Play it. And he's been an unbelievable lieutenant Governor, Mark Robinson. For me, there is no compromise on abortion. I think you're better than Martin Luther King. We could pass the bill. Say you can't have an abortion in North Carolina for any reason. The abortion in this country, it's about killing a child because you aren't responsible enough to keep your skirt down.


I've been With him a lot. I've gotten to know him, and he's outstanding. Donald Trump and Mark Robinson. They're both wrong for North Carolina. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Also, taking a look at what the GOP has become, one of their other big leaders, Matt Gates allegedly attended a drug field sex party with a at least one 17-year-old girl at the center of the alleged sex trafficking scandal, according to legal documents filed to a Florida federal court shortly before midnight on Thursday. We've got all of that taking place. And just take a look, Like, what are the things that Donald Trump's been posting over and over again today? Well, he's been posting that one of the things he's fighting for is to bring back vapes.


He wants everybody to have vapes. That's his post. Okay? One of the other things that Donald Trump is posting is more election conspiracies with Vice President Kamala Harris. He's posting just AI and bizarre xenophobic images. Knock, knock who's there, where your new neighbors photographs of him kissing the American flag. And if you look at it, it's an account called Queen B with the Q on it, which Donald Trump posts a lot of Q anon stuff. And then, then Donald Trump calling the January 6th committee in a post the Unselect Sedition committee and attacking them.


So if you're sick and tired of this nonsense, I see why all these former Republicans are doing what they're doing and we're gonna keep covering it here on the Midas Touch Network each and every day. Anyway, tell me what you think. Hit subscribe, and let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.