
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detectors, spots, threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


And they didn't. Like some of Scott Fitzgerald's answers The end result of the fraud and abuse that has been discovered already. Michael Wittig is Power to the people at these town halls. Americans from all political parties are having their voices heard. What you saw there at the beginning of the video was a town hall held in Wisconsin by magar Republican Congress member, representative Scott Fitzgerald. And you heard people there who were pissed that he was enabling and allowing Elon Musk and Donald Trump to go through their personal data and to have access to their social security information and medical records while they gut and destroy the government and take and take our economy.


Let me just show you a longer clip from that town hall and then I wanna show you that. From Wisconsin to Georgia to New York to the West Coast, people are rising up right now and having their voices heard. Red states, blue states, purple states, all of the colors, people are angry, people are pissed. People demand action. Watch this right here from that town hall, let's play it. They Didn't. Like some of Scott Fitzgerald's answers The end result of the fraud and abuse that has been discovered already.


Michael Wittick is concerned with Elon Musk's role in the Trump administration. He held up a sign that read. Presidents are not kings. Are you gonna subpoena him at some point or after you're done with the budget or whatever, are you willing to use your subpoena power at to say Trump at, or sorry, Musk, come in here, stand in front of Congress and answer Some hard questions. Congressman Fitzgerald insists Musk's efforts to find waste and fraud are working and Congress will eventually have budget oversight. Certainly the discussion in and around Doge and with the probationary moves that have already been done, they're gonna have to be scrutinized at some point. So now I wanna share with you what was going down in New York in Representative Paul KO's, congressional District, Democrat Paul Tonko, here at this town hall, a huge ovation as a teacher encourages Congress member Paul Tonko, who is pushing back to do more to work harder, even if that means getting arrested for civil disobedience.


If you are in public service right now, you cannot sit idly by as Elon Musk and these billionaires take away all of people's rights and freedoms. Watch the energy in this room in New York. Play this clip. I'm a 20 year veteran teacher. As I said, I've been behind you in local stores. I you came to the Albany, the hundredth anniversary of the Albany Library Branch celebration where my band played inside. Okay, I, I saw you on TV at Noah. I saw you on TV at the Department of Education. What I'm saying is this, somebody asked you what your red line was and you said, you said that the time is always right to go.


Does that mean the red line has already been crossed? Yes. 'cause because I think it has. If you ask us to show up, Congressman Tonko, we will show up. We have to take the gloves off. We can't wait for protocol. They're not playing by the rules. I saw you next to Maxine Waters and I was so proud that my representative was on the front line right there. But I thought about Jimmy Carter and I thought about John Lewis and I know what John Lewis would've done.


He would've gotten arrested that day. Make them out. You, we'll stand behind you, we'll be there with you. I get arrested with you. So then one of the things that we're seeing is that a lot of Republicans surprise surprise 'cause they are spineless maga. After all, they are not even showing up at town halls. So here, democratic Congress member Mark Poin, he points out that these nagas are not even showing up to town halls.


This Congress member, the Democrat goes, I just held the town hall with Wisconsin's Farmer's Union. They invited all elected officials in the area. Unfortunately, not a single Republican showed up, including Representative Van Orden and representative Tiffany. The farmers I spoke to are worried about Trump and Elon Musk cutting their federal funding and contracts to all of our Wisconsin farmers. I hear you and I have your back. Let me just play you this video. Let's play it then. Let's talk about it. This is Representative Mark Pocan from Wisconsin. I'm here in Chip Falls, Wisconsin right now. We just had a town hall that the Wisconsin Farmers Union put on.


They invited all the elected officials from the area vote in federal and state office. Unfortunately, no Republicans showed up. Derek Van Norden, Tom Tiffany, or no-shows as well as the state legislators who are Republicans in the area. But we're talking to farmers about studies, talking people about what they're seeing. They're worried about cuts they're seeing, they're worried about what's gonna happen through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance program for the NES 'cause It's all food that they're growing. They're concerned about funds that have been stopped and loans that they are using to get their crops out. They're concerned about the immigration and staffing they're gonna have on farms. They're concerned about a lot of things around Medicaid and cuts to education as well in the rural areas. So we always had a great conversation and I just hope that more people will hear about the Republican ripoff, which is this four and a half trillion dollar transfer of wealth from the middle class and those aspiring to be in the middle class.


The programs we talked about today to our tech for the wealthiest. Because at the end of the day, that's who gets the money to Musk Donald Trump and others. I'm just really glad we had a lot of farmers sharing their very real stories and a lot of emotion today. And you know, I, I hope more Republican members of Congress will be listing their constituents like the Democrats were here today. And that's the thing. They are crushing farmers, by the way. They crushed farmers with Trump's failed trade wars during the first term, and now it's gonna be far worse. Devastation's about to hit farmers across the country. If you look at Trump's budget, it's $4.5 trillion in tax cuts for the billionaires like Elon Musk and Donald Trump.


There's close to $300 billion in cuts for farmers close to $400 billion in cuts in education. And who are the people that they're attacking most with? Doge the most vulnerable, like the group they pick on the most farmers, disabled veterans. Disabled veterans are their number one group that they pick a disabled veterans who served our country now working in the federal government because disabled veterans are often probationary employees 'cause they go to different jobs and they travel. And also military spouses also travel a lot. So they're technically probationary. These are the people who are getting fired the most, but tens of thousands of people are being let go.


And my thing with these spineless mags show up, show up and hear from your constituents what you just wanna live in your Twitter, which is now ex Elon Musk's bubble, which is not real life. 'cause in real life people freaking hate you. And you need to hear how angry you've made us at you for your betrayal, for your support of Putin, for your support of traitorous policies, for your support of destroying our country every day, for letting billionaires have access to our tax records and our social security information and our medical files invading our privacy. You maga spineless idiots. You need to hear how angry we the people are when we show up at these town halls.


And I encourage all of you, Midas mighty, call 'em. Call 'em cowards. Call 'em spineless magnas. Call up their offices. Tell them what you think about them and show up at these town halls and demand they hold these town halls. Not this stuff right here. This is what Elon Musk was doing during the week while he was destroying people's lives. This is what he was doing. He was on, I was on the stage with Javier Malay, who's embroiled in a massive crypto scandal right now in Argentina where he pumped and dumped a Libra Libra crypto coin causing people to lose their live savings. Sounds familiar. This is what Musk was doing. Play this clip.


When your car breaks down, you take it to a mechanic with no hesitation you need it. And it's not something that most guys can fix themselves and men should think the exact same way about Ed. But the reality is you might be hesitant to seek help. Thankfully through hymns, you can get access to personalized ed treatments without stepping outside your door. Hims is changing men's healthcare by providing you with access to affordable sexual health treatments from the comfort of your couch. Hims provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments like Chewable Hard Mints and Viagra and Cialis and their generics for up to 95% cheaper. The process is 100% online, so there's no need for uncomfortable doctor's visits. Just answer a series of questions on their site. And a medical provider will determine the right treatment option if prescribed your medication ships directly to you for free. No insurance is needed, and one low price covers everything from treatments to ongoing care with hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. HIMSS can help you find the ED option that works for you. Start your free online visit today at Hims dot com slash midas. That's h ims.com/midas for your personalized ed treatment options Hims dot com slash midas. The products mentioned are chewable compounded products which are not covered by or verified for safety or effectiveness by the FDA prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider who will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information. Subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


This is the Chainsaw for Bureaucracy Church saw. That's Now going back to magar Republican Congress member Rich McCormick. This was his town hall where he compared his own constituents asking tough and fair questions to being January 6th. Insurrectionists Play this clip. Tyranny is rising in the White House and a man has declared himself our king. So I would like to know, rather, the people would like to know what you congressmen and your fellow congressmen are going to do to reign in the megalomaniac in the White House.


Thank you. I'm not gonna give you my best foghorn in response to that, but what I, so you can go ahead and sit down. Thank you. The, when you talk about tyranny, when you talk about presidential power, I remember having the same discussion with Republicans when Biden was elected. The funny thing is, the funny thing is, the funny thing is you're sitting here in com, a lot of you would probably say those January sixes who are yelling just as loud as you who are upset just like you.


A C-span caller from West Virginia reached out and said, Hey, you realize that all of a sudden I'm diabetic and on Medicare and now my insulin was $6 for a 28 day supply. Now it's back up to $80. Well yeah, 'cause Trump reversed what Biden did on everything here. Play this clip. Yes ma'am. I'm calling from West Virginia and which was a red state for Donald Trump. And they have a place called down here, public debt. And a lot of my neighbors was looking for Trump. They walking around scared, crying, nervous, and they were forever Trumpers. But on a personal note, I'm a diabetic and I'm on Medicare.


And when Joe Biden was in there, my insulin was $6 for a 28 day supply. I just went to CVS to get my new supply. It went back up to $80 they said, because the American Recovery Act was canceled. So it went from $6 to $80. So I don't know if anybody else out there on Medicare and, And then we also learned more about just how despicable and creepy these MAs are. Like, here's this MAGA Republican Congress member, Cory Mills, look at this creep right here. DC Police confirmed that they are investigating an alleged assault in DC by this MAGA republican Cory Mills. He represents the Northeast district of Orlando.


And it turns out what it's about is he apparently assaulted a woman, 27 years old, who's like his girlfriend even though he's married. And then he told her to lie about the origin of her bruises. That's what's being reported there. Do you remember though, the types of town halls that may, maybe when we showed you these videos to all the S out there who are now watching this? Because I know there's a lot of you coming over and saying, Hey, we're sorry we were wrong. But I wanna, I wanna share this with you. Go back to our videos where we would say to you, Hey, this was Trump at his town halls that he would hold during the campaign. When he would be asked questions about project 2025 or the economy, he would say, let's not do questions.


Who wants to watch me dance? Who wants to watch me hear music Play this clip? Let's not do any more questions. Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into our music. Who the hell wants to hear questions? Right? That's isn't that beautiful though? It's, it's a beautiful, we played that in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had a moment of silence and then we had the bells of Notre Dame go off. And then we had a great opera singer, Christopher, who was so incredible. And yeah, he was a great, great opera singer, By the way. A little bit more from that. Magar Republic in Congress, member McCormick Town Hall. Let's just play a minute and 10 of this. Let's play it.


Workers from the nuclear workers, the NNSA, our nuclear stockpile and CDC workers working on the bird flu, being fired by Doge and then having to be rehired when someone realized, oh gosh, we need those people. Why? Why is a supposedly conserved a party taking such a radical and extremist and sloppy approach to this? So I've been down to CDC several times actually. Dr. Howie, one of my former attendings works there and I'm in close contact with the CDC.


They have about, what, 13,000 employees. 13,000 employees at the CDC in the last couple years. Those, those probationary people, which is about 10% of their employee base, which is about 1300 people, which you're referring to. A lot of the work they do is duplicity with ai. Once again, one of the problems we have, I happen to be a doctor. I know a few things. Okay, here's, here's, Here's what we, oh, and here was Donald Trump on Friday attacking the governor of Maine Governor Mills and saying that he was gonna not fund her state because she wasn't complying.


He, he goes, I'm the federal law. You don't listen to judges, you listen to me. He says, he goes, I will defund your whole state. And she's like, no, I I'm going to sue you. And she stands up to him, democratic Governor Mills in Maine, watch this. Maine. Is the Maine here, the governor of Maine here? Are you not gonna comply with it? I'm complying with state and federal laws. Well, I'm, we are the federal law. Well, you better do it. You better do it because you're not gonna get any federal funding at all If you don't. And by the way, your population, even though it's somewhat liberal or law, I did very well there, your population doesn't want men playing in women's sports. So you better, you better comply because otherwise you're not getting any, any federal funding court.


Every state Good. I'll see you in court. I look forward to that. That should be a real easy one. And enjoy your life after governor. 'cause I don't think you'll be an elected politics. Every state. And of course you probably saw this, the stock market absolutely crashing unfortunately on Friday caused by Donald Trump. As Donald Trump sends his followers emails like this, I'm dark maga, I'm dark Maga, I'm dark. Maga Elon Musk is dark maga weird stuff. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, you even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.