
What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock during tax season. Your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed, or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel. Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, cool will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in. Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


Donald Trump is getting easily outmaneuvered by China and its leader Xi Jinping, even Republican members in the House of Representatives and in the Senate. Whether they want to admit it or whether they're saying it privately, Donald Trump and Elon Musk gutting the main source of America's soft power, usaid, which Elon Musk and Donald Trump are seeking to destroy and just completely rip apart the destruction of that. The main beneficiary is Xi Jingping in China. They are already getting calls from our former allies asking for help.


The America's leaving, we need your help. China's gonna swoop in there and establish those relationships, which were built over a long time by the United States. China was prepared for this. They're taking advantage of it. Foreign Affairs Magazine just wrote an article, Chinese leaders expect that the Trump administration policies will dismantle the foundation of US global hegemony and create an opportunity for Beijing to expand its influence farther and faster. Right? Y sun right here, just so you can see how Donald Trump has basically forced everybody around him or they've done it willingly to compromise things that they've said before.


Let me just show you. And CNN did a great job compiling this Secretary of State Rubio, former Senator Marco Rubio. The importance that he said existed with usaid, which now Marco Rubio is contributing to destroying because Donald Trump and the co-president or the real president Elon Musk is telling him to do so. Just look about what a malleable, weak individual, I'm not even gonna call him a man, malleable, weak individual. Marco Rubios. This is what his views were before about how important USAID is, how small it was on our overall budget. Less than 1%. Watch this right here, Give foreign aid.


We do so because it furthers our national interest. That's why we give foreign aid. Now, obviously there's a component to foreign aid that that's humanitarian in scope and that's important too. I promise you it's gonna be a lot harder to recruit someone to anti-Americanism, anti-American terrorism if the United States of America was the reason why they're even alive today. Anybody who tells you that we can slash foreign aid and that will bring us to balance is lying to you. Foreign aid is less than 1% of our, our budget. It's just not true. So that's what Marco Rubio said when he was in the Senate. Much different than what you're hearing him say now as Secretary of State, which is destroy usaid fire, everybody. I mean, just horrific stuff we're hearing, right?


Like people who have been receiving medication from the US being forced to basically die, not get their medication. People who have had stuff implanted to try to help them live being forced to keep medical device, I mean, horrific, horrific stuff. This is current GOP, Senator Wicker. He or he is again, he's saying right now we need to look into this. USAID's a pretty important thing here. So I'm not sure what fraud Elon Musk claims exist, but this was an important tool. This is a Republican senator saying this. It was an important tool to help American leadership abroad, which America is now compromising and saying America shouldn't be the leader in the world.


Play this clip Providing For me. I I have, I have felt for a long time that U-S-A-I-D is, is our way to combat the Belt and Road initiative, which is China's effort to really gain influence around the world, including Africa and South America and the Western Hemisphere. So we need an age program to match the Chinese effort, but it needs to be done in, in a way that the policy makers of the United States have decided ought to be done. And so I'm, I'm eager to see an audit and see the, the sort of mismanagement that, that the Secretary of State has told us about today.


And one of the things we're already hearing about as well is that China and Russia are already celebrating. Lots of other governments have reached out to them, Hey, America's abandoned us. Wanna be our ally? Let's play this clip right here. The, the pause is two weeks old. This is now the firing of the crew and the loss of the entire capacity for the United States. China and Russia are celebrating governments. I know I've spoken to ministers of health. They're calling them asking China, can you backstop these programs that America is walking away from? Can you make sure our people don't die from malaria?


Can you make sure that 20 million people with HIV, who now as of last week stopped being able to get medication that is keeping them alive, that this can be solved? They've been trying for this for, for undermining the US in this way for Decades. Now, I wanna just again, share this with you. USAID was created by John F. Kennedy to project America's soft power as a way to help the United States gain influence and win friends and to avoid wars by helping, by extending play. This clip, This, the presence of the United States is as a leading power in the free world is involved in your work directly.


The people who are opposed to aid should realize that this is a very powerful source of strength for us. It permits us to exert influence for the maintenance of freedom. If we did not, were not so heavily involved, our voice would not speak with such a vigor. And as we do not wanna send American troops to a great many areas where freedom may be under attack, we send you and you working with the people in those countries to try to work with them in developing the economic thrust of their country so that they can make a determination that they can solve their problems without resorting to totalitarian control and becoming part of the block.


My cat is part of the family plain and simple. So I want them to have the best food that money can buy. And I didn't realize that for years the cat food that I was buying had questionable ingredients. This podcast is sponsored by Smalls. Now, if you're a listener of the show, you know that my cat cannot live without Smalls. To get 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping, heads to Smalls dot com and use promo code Midas Smalls. Cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients that you'd find in your fridge and it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com name Smalls their best overall cat food. My cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish, and my cat prefer Smalls way more than their previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test, put two bowls side by side, and they immediately went to Smalls. Since making the switch to Smalls, my cat has had fewer hair balls, more balanced energy, a healthier weight, a softer and shinier fur coat, and a less stinky litter box that's big. Still not a believer in Smalls. While New York Magazine called Smalls the best cat food according to veterinarians. While Buzzfeed said my cats went completely ballistic for this stuff, my cat's breath is much better and their fur is much softer Ever since I switched to Smalls. Smalls also has a bunch of amazing treats and snacks that you can add to your order. And after switching to Smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvements. That's a big deal. Do you have a picky cat? Well, Smalls has a sampler so that your cat can try Everything Smalls has to offer and the team at Smalls is so confident that your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. What are you waiting for? Give your cat the food they deserve. Head to Smalls dot com and use promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer that you'll find. But you have to use MyCode Midas for 50% off your first order one last time. That's promo code Midas for 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping.


And so the Belt and Road Initiative is basically China's version of USAID that they've been pursuing now for a significant time as China's been looking to expand its influence abroad. Like this article right here, China has begun to challenge the United States and Jonni and Latin America. The chaos of the Trump presidency may present it a new opportunity. You know, one of the things that we've been saying is China's been expanding the Bricks Block Alliance of Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa. And by the way, one of the places that Donald Trump and Elon Musk are, are attacking now is South Africa.


And they're saying that the white South Africans should be allowed to immigrate to the United States, but only the white South Africans in South Africa as part of Elon Musk's who was from South Africa. That's what their focus is on right now. But back in the G 20 summit, right after Donald Trump was elected, one of the things I noticed and I started reporting on right away is how Mexico's president, Claudia Scheinbaum, who was not supposed to meet with Xi Jinping and in my view, would not have met with Xi Jinping if Vice President Kamala Harris or former Vice President, vice Kam Kamala Harris, won the election.


She was, she met with Xi Jinping, she was photographed with Xi Jinping. I have no doubt that in those private meetings as well, not the public ones, they discussed deals that they were going to strike together in the event of Trump doing the types of things that he was doing. Now, one of the things that Trump was doing as well as though he, you know, created these fake trade wars with Canada, Mexico, Columbia, Panama, where all of those countries outmaneuver Donald Trump, whether it was Mexico offering less troops than were already out the border and Trump thinking that was a deal, whether it was Canada agreeing to the money that they've already spent at the border.


So not agreeing to anything at all after Donald Trump threatened to annex them, whether it was Panama, where they, where Trump and Marco Rubio claimed there was a deal. But then the Panama Canal Authority said there's no deal whether they threatened Columbia with tariffs, but Columbia basically did the same deal that they had with former President Biden. So it was no deal at all. So while Donald Trump's doing that, he did impose a 10% tariff on China. China then swiftly retaliated with tariffs against the United States. On Friday, Trump temporarily allowed de minimis packages from China to come into the US tariff free.


This is good news for anyone ordering from Tamu Sheen. Certain Amazon sellers packages valued at less than 800 are exempt from tariffs. But the executive order today or Friday says this is a pause until quote, adequate systems are in place to collect the 10% tariffs. They don't remember earlier in the week, the Trump administration banned packages from China. But then they said, oh, that, that then they re re reverse their own policies. Very strange stuff right here. So Trump's commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick, is going to have to figure out how to tariff 4 million de minis packages a day from China to the us which Trump first was going to block.


Figure out how to fund a sovereign wealth fund because that's one of the things that Donald Trump wanted a sovereign wealth fund. Figure out how to enact sweeping tariffs without taking the economy. Ensure trust remains in US economic data, decide what to do on the very popular CHIPS Act, semiconductor funding, help renegotiate the U-S-M-C-A, the United States Mexico Canada agreement, which Donald Trump negotiated and said, we got ripped off in the deal. It was the us. The US MCA was Trump's deal, which he now says is a ripoff. Okay, David Axelrod says, Xi Jingping probably can't believe his luck. This is a stunning US retreat in getting rid of U USAID that will now open some of the best opportunities imaginable for China to gain stronger toeholds throughout the world.


Khubani speaking with foreign policy talks about how China is reacting to Trump in the first weeks and how it is looking to retaliate. And this is very fascinating here, play this glimpse. China is watching Trump more closely than any other country is, and so far, I must say Trump is delivering at least two goodies to the to China. Number one, he's clearly playing a short-term game, not a long-term game. And in the case of China, see that China understands better than most countries in the, that a new world is emerging.


And I described the new world as a 3M world, multi civilizational, multipolar, multilateral, to deal with global challenges. The Chinese are preparing for a world of 2050 rather than the world of 2025. They're in a sense, running a marathon, not a sprint. Trump is running the sprint. And at the same time, of course, he's alienating so many countries, especially France, so quickly, frankly, the Chinese may say, why don't we have eight years of Trump? 'cause after eight years of Trump, you wonder what the world will look like in terms of its approaches towards the United States. But the final thought I'll mention is of course, that Chinese are also prepared for a big growth on Trump.


At some point they know it's gonna come, they gotta be ready for it. They're holding the firepower, it's gonna come, and then they'll retaliate. Now, one of the interesting things I found as I was reading this article from Foreign Affairs, which of course is the gold standard, I think, in writing about some of these foreign developments. So China's preparation of dealing with Trump was structured by China to mirror the success of how Biden focused on America's China strategy and how America was beating China.


I just wanted you to think about that. China was so impressed with how Biden outmaneuvered China, China wanted to learn from Biden. Wow. America's economy was growing faster than China. China was supposed to catch up and America exceeded all expectations, fastest growing GDP and President Biden was doing things to reach out and strengthen American alliances abroad. So China's strategy is the Biden strategy towards China to continue to expand upon their belt and road initiative. I'll tell you who else is loving this. One of the Russian former leaders, Dimitri Medvedev, he's loving all of this as America's power is just completely deteriorating every day.


I know, I guess for Fox, they find this, this like cosplay GI Joe Trump crap. Like, yeah, let's go. But you know, America's both a laughing stock and just generally detested and despised. Now under Donald Trump abroad, almost universally hated. And again, here was Donald Trump about a week ago or so, here he is talking about he wants to put tariffs on Taiwan, our ally Taiwan, who he thinks that, who do you think that's gonna help tariff Taiwan semiconductor industry play this clip, Particularly in the very near future? We're going to be placing tariffs on farm production of computer chips, semiconductors in pharmaceuticals to return production of these essential goods to the United States of America.


They left us and they went to Taiwan, where, which is about 98% of the chip business, by the way. And we want them to, I mean, or you could do it, former President Biden did, which was to bring the semiconductor industry here, compete, make sure we strengthen our, all of our alliances abroad. But Donald Trump is just, you know, with a sledgehammer destroying all of America's alliances. We're seeing this happen in real time. And China's the main beneficiary. You put this all together on Friday, a court did temporarily block Donald Trump's attempt to fire. Pretty much everybody from US aid as a as surgical injunction, If you will, small injunction, until more data's presented.


We'll keep you, we'll keep you updated every step of the way. Hit subscribe, and let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Life can be chaotic if you're running a retail business. Don't let disorganized order fulfillment add to the chaos. Use ShipStation instead. With ShipStation, you never have to worry about shipping and fulfillment again. Whether you're running a business out of your garage or you have multiple warehouses, ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your business's growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating repetitive tasks. Plus, you'll save money with the best shipping rates from global carriers. Ship station's, industry leading features help you deliver a better customer experience. They'll get accurate and faster shipments along with automated tracking updates with your branding and with up to 88% off UPS and USPS rates and up to 90% off FedEx rates. ShipStation is the fastest and most affordable way to ship. Calm the chaos. Switch to ShipStation today. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.