
The NBA 82 game grind is done, and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer cart going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


If you have kids or pets, you know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What price they have? My favorite brand. It's like a whole new Burlington. I I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington, I told you So.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


It's just pure lunacy in the Trump regime. So Donald Trump just returned to Washington DC after taking yet another vacation in Florida on the taxpayer dime where he golfed and partied with the billionaire oligarchs. As he was landing in Washington DC he started making deranged social media posts after deranged social media posts. He also attacked President Zelinsky of Ukraine and former President Biden this as Donald Trump sent his special envoy, Steve Witkoff, to go to St. Petersburg and put his hand over his heart and essentially pledge allegiance to Vladimir Putin. Let's take a look at what Donald Trump's just been posting.


He posts the following all in caps. He goes, the best definition of intelligence is the ability to predict the future. I mean, literally, it's the ranting and ravings of a madman. But if you want to talk about intelligence, Donald, now, when European Union ambassadors and diplomats show up in the United States, they're all using burner phones and they're preparing as if they were in an authoritarian regime, like when they visit China or when they used to visit Russia. They're getting burner phones and they're taking steps as though the United States is an adversary. That's how they're treating their visits right now. Then Donald Trump posts the following, congratulate, congratulations to Rory.


What a great job he did. Tremendous courage and talent was on full display at yesterday's masters. What a win exclamation point. He is referring to Rory McElroy, who won the Master's golf event. I wouldn't exactly say courage. I mean courage. I would use that word for somebody like President Zelensky. I would say it was a, it was a good golf match. Congratulations. But I don't know, Donald, maybe you should be addressing, I don't know. The fact that the Jewish governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was targeted for an assassination attempt and his resident was burned in an arson attack, and now we're learning that the arsonist brought a hammer to try to kill Governor Shapiro.


You don't address that, huh? No, no, no thoughts on that, Donald. Well, actually, when Donald Trump was on Air Force one heading back to Washington DC he was asked about the assassination attempt against Governor Shapiro at Pennsylvania. And Donald Trump doesn't say anything about it other than I just heard about it. So Donald Trump has spent the weekend watching the masters talking about the masters, talking about his bogus health report. I'm gonna do a whole hot take on that where it says he weighs like 230 pounds and that as evidence of his good health, he wins all of these golf tournaments. That's literally what it says on his physical that was just released. But here's what Donald Trump says when he is asked about Shapiro.


I'll Play this clip Reaction to the governor of Pennsylvania, his mansion set on fire. Any Reaction to it? I just heard about it. No, I'll have to look into you. Got the perfect health report. All our, all, all, everybody in the press wants to know this. How do you do it, Mr. President? I haven't set up to 2:00 AM Here was Donald Trump's post at 9:12 AM this morning. He goes, the war between Russia and Ukraine is Biden's war, not mine. Just pause there for a second. What a deranged thing to say. You are the leader, unfortunately, right now of the United States. You enabled Putin to do this in your first administration, but who goes, that's someone else's war, not mine. That's the mind of a malignant narcissist.


Donald Trump then goes on to say, I just got here. And for years during my term, had no problem in preventing it from happening. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You know that you have to be the president of the United States. You were the one who ran on that. You were going to create peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. Now it's not my war, I just got here. This is the, again, no offense to petulant babies. This is not the behavior of a leader at any level. This is not leadership at all, yet alone. The biggest position of leadership, which is in the White House. And it's not to mention that Donald Trump's a sexual predator, a felon, and someone found liable for fraud.


But don't even get me started on that rant. Then Donald Trump goes on to say, president Putin and everyone else respected your president. Right? So Trump's saying positive things about Putin. I had nothing to do with this war. This is all caps, but I'm working diligently to get the death and destruction to stop. Pause. You promised on day one that it was going to be solved. Peace in Ukraine. You said as soon as you won, there would be peace in Ukraine. And you've made things worse, exponentially worse than Donald Trump goes on to say, if the 2020 presidential election was not rigged, and it was in so many ways that horrible war would never have happened. Pause. So here we are, April 14th, Donald Trump's regime is kidnapping and disappearing migrants on the streets, sending them to concentration camps in El Salvador.


Well then Trump takes vacations every weekend to Florida. He's whining about the 2020 election saying that it's rigged, which it is. Not saying it's not my war. I have nothing to do with any of this. And then he goes on to say, president Zelinsky and crooked, Joe Biden did an absolutely horrible job in allowing this travesty to begin. There are so many ways of preventing it from ever starting, but that is the past. Now we have to get it to stop it fast. So sad. What a despicable, vile piece of crap Donald Trump is. I mean, truly a piece of trash who deserves none of our respect. He is a piece of freaking trash, period.


Full stop. You're blaming President Zelensky and Ukraine from having their country unlawfully invaded you. Despicable, vile thing. You, you get no respect from democracy loving Americans. You piece of crap, you, sorry, that just makes me absolutely livid. But what Donald Trump did wanna talk about on the airplane while he land, was that the masters, he loves the masters, he loves watching golf. He loves wa, he's so healthy, he loves watching golf. Here, Play this clip over. Oh no, I wanted to watch going nowhere. You knew there was no way, even for you people, there was no way that was a, it's one of my favorite shows ever. The Masters is to be my maybe my favorite sporting show.


And it showed, and you know, Justin Rose was great. They look, they're great athletes under tremendous pressure. But unless you're a golfer, you don't understand it. It's a hundredth of an inch. Makes a difference between a great shot and a horrible shot. Think of it just a little tiny, a little small percentage of an inch. And literally in some cases, a hundredth of an inch is the difference between winning and losing to get outta here.


So you ever wake up and feel like your body just hit the snooze button on life? Yeah, same honestly. Aging sneaks up on you in some wild ways. Whether it's a night out or a good workout. I just don't bounce back the way that I used to. One day you're full of energy. The next you're Googling how to stretch without pulling a muscle. I believe one of the best aging breakthroughs of the last decade is quality alytic. And here's why. It's designed to help your body naturally eliminates something called senescent cells, also known as zombie cells. These are the ones that just hang around after they've stopped doing their job, draining your energy and making you feel well old. Think joint discomfort, sluggish recovery, low energy, the whole deal quality of Seno Litic is a groundbreaking supplement made with nine plant-based nutrients and you only take it two days a month. That's it. Since I started taking it, I felt more energized, quicker to recover from workouts and honestly just more like me. Again, plus quality of breakthrough formulation is vegan non GMO and tested by leading scientists experience the science of Feeling younger. Go to quality of life.com/midas for up to 50% off your purchase and use code Midas Plus for an additional 15%. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for that extra 15% off your older self will. Thank you. And thanks to Quaia for sponsoring this episode.


Let's talk about what Donald Trump did when he landed. He invited Na b Kelly, the authoritarian leader from El Salvador to, to the White House today, gave him a grand dull welcome. A heroes welcome, one of the poorest countries in Latin America with a GDP of $28 billion. A poverty rate of about 25%. Extreme poverty of about 10%. Oh, by the way, NA Bbu Kelly wears your suit. I I thought all the MAGA Republicans say you gotta wear suit and tie in the Oval Office. You're not exactly a wartime president. I mean, Zelensky is a wartime hero. You're showing up there what bringing kidnapped Americans into your concentration camps.


And this is who Donald Trump respects one of the poorest Latin American countries. So it's like him and Donald Trump loves Javier Malay. But yeah, we screwed over wealthy nations in Europe and our allies in Canada. Wealthy allies in Canada, in Australia, we attacked them. But it's good to know that Donald Trump is bros with naive Boo Kelly who has the highest incarceration rate per capita any country in the world and is an impoverished country. But let's go and pretend that El Salvador is exactly what America should be. In fact, that's what Trump is turning America into. So Christie Nome, Donald Trump's Homeland Security secretary who kills her dogs, who does all the cosplay photos.


When she remember, she showed up also to El Salvador with her $60,000 roll Rolex in front of like the half naked men. And she was like, just like, we'll put you in these jail. We'll put you in this concentration camp. Here she is talking about the partnership with Boo Kelly. That's the partnership with b Kelly and the concentration camps Here Play this clip, Terry, this meeting between the El Salvador and President and President Donald Trump. Does that indicate that the flights will continue, that the deportation, that you guys aren't gonna allow the courts to stop you? Well, I think that the conversation's gonna be extremely beneficial. El Salvador's been a fantastic partner and when I was in El Salvador visiting with President Belli, we talked about the fact that he would accept more flights, would accept more individuals into Sea Cot.


So I'm looking forward to that partnership. Continuing Secretary Christie. No, thank you so much for joining the program. Yes, thank you Lawrence. Appreciate it. Alright, Christie, if it's a con, if it's a partnership then in these concentration camps, then partnership should be bring back the migrants. Like the Supreme Court ordered with Abrego Garcia, the Supreme Court ordered. I've done a million hot takes, not a million. I've done several hot takes on it. We talked about it on legal AF. It was a nine to zero ruling from the Supreme Court saying return Abrego Garcia, one of the migrants who was kidnapped, who has disappeared to the El Salvador concentration camp, who the Trump regime admits in their filings was sent to El Salvador in error, which now the Trump regime says they're not going to do.


And here they have Stephen Miller today. This is their messaging. And I talked about it earlier in my hot takes this morning, and the videos I did were they're saying we're not following the Supreme Court's ruling saying return to Bragga Garcia in the most dystopian Orwellian way. They're now saying the Supreme Court didn't actually rule that. The Trump regime says we won. It was a nine to zero ruling that we won saying Abrego Garcia stays in El Salvador. When literally the ruling said the opposite, it said Return Abrego Garcia facilitate his return. Immediately the District Court said, do it immediately. Now the Trump regime's like, what are you talking about? The Supreme Court said we were the winners. They said, keep Abrego Garcia El Salvador.


Here, watch this. Your argument is that you don't have to bring him back home, but will you? So I want to correct, I hate to do it, bill, but I gotta correct you on every single thing that you said. 'cause it was all wrong. First we won the Supreme Court case. Clearly nine zero A District Court judge said unconscionably that the president and his administration have to go into El Salvador and extradite one of their citizens, an El Salvadorian citizens. So that would be kidnapping, that we have to kidnap an El Salvadorian citizen against the will of his government and fly him back to America, which would be an unimaginable act and an invasion of El Salvador's sovereignty.


So he appealed to the Supreme Court and it said clearly no district court can compel the President to exercise his article two foreign powers in any way whatsoever. DOJ called me after that Supreme Court ruling, and they said, this is amazing. We won this case nine zero. We are an excellent standing here. So this has been portrayed wrong for 72 hours in Totally, totally deranged. You wanna see what's going on though in international diplomacy, you have China and Vietnam. With a major diplomatic meeting today, Xi Jinping met with the leader of Vietnam. They signed dozens of cooperation deals on Monday, including on production and supply chains, as well as railway cooperation. As Chinese President Xi Jinping visit the southeast nations footage of these signed documents seen by Reuters sch.


And then Xi Jinping talked about how they need to stand up against other unilateral bullies in the world. Goldman Sachs is saying the prospects of a recession have increased. Goldman's. CEO says, hearing a greater sense of short-term concern from CEOs outside the us. Oh, and one other thing that I'll mention too is you have Donald Trump's post last night where he attacked 60 minutes on CBS and then directed his FCC Commissioner to take away CBS's broadcast license. He said he's directing Brendan Carr to take away CBS's broadcast license because he didn't like what 60 Minutes was playing last night.


The 60 minutes show, you know what the 60 Minute Show last night was on it had President Zelensky mourning the deaths of Ukrainian kids who were killed. That's what was on 60 Minutes. That's what triggered Donald Trump to write that message. Utterly an utterly despicable, vile, trash human being. And I'm not gonna hold back my words about what I think about him and what I think about the people who surround who, who surround him seriously. I mean you judge for yourself based on the facts. I'm Ben Marcis. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.