
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames and adjustable handlebar oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. Ablated mower can't visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Talk about putting the dagger in and twisting it. Elon Musk is skewering Donald Trump. And Trump is kind of stunned into submission. Trump's not even really addressing it or he's sheepishly posting other things and saying, Elon Musk and Doge support Donald Trump. But Trump doesn't know what to do. You have Elon Musk posting over and over again, things like this. A new spending bill should be drafted that doesn't massively grow the deficit and increase the debt ceiling by $5 trillion. Redraw it. Elon Musk post kill Bill with a photo of the movie Kill Bill.


He then reposts his AI company Grok analyzing the bill and analyzing the claim by Office of Management and budget Director Russ Vote. And GR says the following, the claim that the one big beautiful Bill Act reduces deficits by $1.4 trillion over 10 years is not supported by most analysis. The CBO estimates it increases the deficits by 2.3 to $3.8 trillion with CRFB and others projecting 2.6 to $3.1 trillion increase in the deficit including interest.


The $1.7 trillion in savings lacks clear evidence from CBO. Different baselined and growth assumptions cause discrepancies, but evidence leads toward deficit increases. You have Elon Musk also posting the comment section from Fox and showing that people are pissed at Donald Trump and supporting Elon Musk. Elon Musk reposts this account. Stephanie Tyler that goes, Fox News comments is a great place to understand conservative views since they get so much traffic. I was curious what the people were saying about Elon Shit talking.


The big beautiful bill, I call it the disaster bill, and I'm shocked. Almost every comment is in agreement with Elon To see so many vehemently disagreeing with Trump is wild. GOP better be real careful. And then Elon Musk reposts that with the American flag. And you take a look at the comment section that Elon Musk is reposting. There are messages like this. Musk is right. I didn't want Trump to cut spending in some areas only to increase it in others. I want spending cuts to eliminate the deficit and then start paying down the debt. They say, when you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.


I agree with Musk on this one. I like Trump as much as any conservative, but he is a crazy spender. But that's how you get elected. Regardless. He needs cuts, he needs to cut spending somewhere. I would start with the ditching of the Golden Dome. And anything that has to do with financing trips to Mars or Mars research in other posts, Musk is right on the money. The debt must be reduced. Trump has done some great things, but this bill isn't one of them. Let me be very clear. I think Trump has done zero great things unless he's done great things for other countries who are now rising in power as compared to the United States. But Elon Musk continue to make post after post after post. And again, no comebacks by Donald Trump, no attack of Elon.


Elon Musk posts again. He's like beating Donald Trump when he is down. Boom, boom, boom. Elon Musk goes, call your senator. Call your congressman. Bankrupting America is not okay. Kill the bill. And then you had all of these Republican senators responding to Elon Musk. And again, Trump goes mute. Trump goes silent while all of this is taking place. Like he's basically been in hiding since Friday when he lied to these steel workers that US Steel in Pittsburgh, that there wasn't going to be an acquisition by neon steel, but Neon steel was investing and he promised everybody $5,000 bonuses. Oh yeah, Donald, where are the $5,000 dose checks you were promising?


Anyway, let's take a look at what the Republican senators were saying. Let's play. I Don't do his opinion. He's frustrated. I think he believes in my judgment correctly, that we're quickly becoming debt slaves. He certainly has the, the, the right and ability to, to say what he will about it. I think People listen to what he has to say as they should. He is a really smart guy. I Don't think it changed any views in the Republican Party. In the Senate. He looks at a different way than we, we have to look at it because again, we're the ones having to vote for it. Like I said, I can't respond to platitudes. That's all I saw on a tweet that I had summarized to me. Now, democratic senators getting in on the action as well.


Here's democratic cong, democratic Congress members and democratic senators getting in on the action as well. Here's Democratic congressmen Moscowitz saying, so this is what the Republicans are bragging about. Here play this clip. Here Are the wins for congressional Republicans. You ready? They're gonna do a $9 billion rescission bill. Okay? Which they're gonna get rid of Elmo, which you think American people were clamoring for, okay? And, but they're gonna add 2.4 trillion to the debt. 9 billion versus 2.4 trillion. And then they want us to cheer for them and give them a trophy like they were a five-year-old at a soccer game. Everyone gets a trophy for their participation.


Okay? By the way, these things I'm bringing up, Republicans themselves, including the chairwoman, have expressed their frustration that Congress has not codified anything at all. And here's Congress member Moskowitz again saying, alright, now that there's a national divorce of Elon Musk and Donald Trump who gets custody of big balls. And big balls is the guy that Elon Musk put into, destroy a lot of our essential government services here. Play this clip. And, and by the way, now that the national divorce is happening with, with Elon Musk and I, I'm a child of divorce, okay? I mean, who's gonna get big balls? I'm worried about him in the divorce. The children always get caught in the middle, right?


And so I just, you know, if he's out there, I just want him to know we're, we're rooting for him.


If your manhood feels like the Florida panhandle this time of year, great news, you can instantly refresh yourself 15 times a day without jumping in the shower. Washing with Tushy bidet transforms swamp butt into a dewy cloud. I absolutely love my Tushy bidet. Installation was surprisingly quick and easy. Now I had it up and running in no time with no prior plumbing experience. It looks modern and sleek, blending in perfectly with my bathroom aesthetic. The cleaning experience is a total game changer. Way cleaner and more refreshing than using toilet paper. Honestly, I didn't realize how much I was missing out until I tried it. Tushy is the everyday luxury bidet that instantly transforms your bathroom habits and bottom health for life. Tushy Bidet gives you two in one benefits, reducing irritation and preventing micro tears with soothing water. Instead of scratching toilet paper or damaging wet wipes. It's also easy to use sit, cleanse, and dry using the built-in air dryer. That's right. Cleaning yourself after using the bathroom is now hands-free. People who have made the switch to Tushy use up to 80% less tp, no more clogged toilets. Every Hello Tihi bidet comes with a 30 day hassle-free return and a 12 month warranty. Keep your swamp AST body parts fresh and cool for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off their first bidet order. When you use Toad Midas at checkout, that's 10% off your first order at hello Tushy dot com with promo code Midas.


So then Fox had to try to get some people on to try to defend Donald Trump. They brought on Dr. Oz and Dr. Oz starts attacking Medicaid. Let's play this clip. Go In back in the school, do something to show you have agency over your future. And if you're willing to do any of those things, we will check the box and you get to keep your, your free Medicaid. But if you're not willing to do those things, then we're gonna ask you to, to go on and do something else. Like go, go, go on the exchanges or get a job and get and to regular commercial insurance. But we're not gonna continue to pay for Medicaid for those audiences. And I think that is a very realistic effort. And it's been done in the past, actually under, So then Marjorie Taylor Greene came out against the budget bill saying that she didn't read it appropriately.


And that there's a provision that prevents states from regulating ai. And it says that it's exclusively the province of the federal government. So Marjorie Taylor Greene said she will not support the bill unless that provision is removed about states can't regulate AI in their state. She says it's a state's rights issue. And then she says, but I support the bill. So then Democratic Congress member Garcia's like, what are you talking about? You just said you didn't support here. Play this clip. It's also interesting 'cause Chairwoman Green, I understand now, regrets voting for this bill as she me mentioned yesterday. Is that correct? Chairwoman Green? Are you yielding me time? No, I'm just asking if you, are you, I think you say now you regret voting for the bill, is that correct?


The bill actually destroys what you guys voted for for the past four years. And I'm proud that to have voted for that bill to fund border security, Actually actually chairwoman Green To deport all these illegals you guys led in the country Chairman, actually chairman yesterday. You actually said that you regret actually voting for the bill you posted after Elon's tweet that you didn't know certain provisions were in it and that you would have voted no if you had known. And so obviously you didn't do a thorough review of the bill. And I'm not surprised of course that it and Republicans in this Congress are now going back and forth on the bill. And Here's Democratic Congress member Garcia again. We do. Now all our Republican colleagues might also wanna ask Elon Musk about this message, which he actually just posted yesterday.


Now I'm gonna read this message. Elon Musk posted it says, I'm sorry, but I just can't stand it anymore. This massive, outrageous pork filled congressional spending bill is a disgusting abomination. And I'll emphasize shame on those who voted for it. You know, you did it wrong. You know it. Now, this was actually just yesterday. He actually posted this, what's pretty rough if you ask me. And, and on top of that, I, I would've printed it out, but just 20 minutes ago he posted another message that says, call you senator. Call your congressman. Bankrupting America is not okay. Kill the bill.


And of course, we know the only people who voted for this bill are actually house Republicans, including every Republican in this room. All these Republicans here on this committee. They all voted for this bill that now Elon Musk is saying should be killed and is saying is awful. I actually agree with Elon Musk on this. It takes healthcare away from 13 million Americans. It cuts food for veterans and seniors all to finance, of course, huge tax breaks for the wealthy. Now. So you have Mag Mike Johnson on the defense and he said he spoke to Trump and this is what Trump had to say, play this clip. And then yesterday, you know, 24 hours later he does a 180 and he comes out and opposed the bill. And I, it surprised me, frankly.


And I don't take it personal. We don't take it personal. You know, he's, policy differences are not personal. I I, I think he's, he's flat wrong. I think he's, he's way off on this. And I've told him as much, and, and I've said it publicly and privately. I'm very consistent in that. But am I concerned about effectiveness on the midterms? I'm not. Lemme tell you why. Because when the big, beautiful bill is done and signed in a law, every single American is gonna do better. This bill is geared for middle and working class Americans and they are going to feel the effects of it and they're gonna feel it before the midterm election. So I have no concern whatsoever. I'm absolutely convinced that we're gonna win the midterms and grow the house majority because we're delivering for the American people and fulfilling our campaign promises.


And we'll see how that happens. We're getting a lot of other data as well, folks, about this budget bill and just how disastrous this Trump regime has been with the economy like this. From the Associated Press, the budget office nonpartisan group projects, at least 10.9 million more people will be uninsured in 2034 due to healthcare changes from the GOP tax bill. Electricity prices are surging. The GOP mega bill could push them higher. The combination of data center boom, rising gas exports and cuts to clean energy tax breaks could spike. American energy. Bill analysts say there's a lot of concern about some pretty big price spikes coming soon.


We're seeing this as well from Baron's. Companies are already passing along. Most tariff price increases to shoppers. As Carl Quintanilla says. Yeah, we know. I think this is an important piece right here. This is from the Wall Street Journal. And what have I been telling you? I've been saying that this data that's being published by the Trump regime, I said, I don't trust it. 'cause they fired the data. People who's giving us this data, and if we know anything about Trump, it's that over and over again. He covers up the real data, he covers up the truth. Wall Street Journal says the following BLS told outside economists this week that a hiring freeze at the agency was forcing the survey to cut back on the number of businesses where it checks the prices.


Economists are raising questions about the quality of us inflation data. The Labor Department says staffing shortages reduce its ability to conduct its massive monthly survey. So the, the ma the monthly surveys that talk about rising inflation, I've been saying they're firing the data people. So what's the info that we're getting? They're not giving us a good sample. How do we rely on any of their data anymore when they fire the data People Trump as of this recording, still stunned into silence. We haven't seen him appear anywhere. No public appearance. We haven't heard his voice in the past, what, since Friday. That's, I don't want to complain. It's probably a good thing and no response yet to as of this recording to Elon Musk who keeps poking and poking.


And skewering. And skewering. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.