
Sephora stores are everywhere you are. So just pop in when you need a brown lip to match your nineties playlist. A confidence boost before your interview, or a last minute gift for mom's birthday. There's always a Sephora near you. Just pop in. Use our store locator to find your local Sephora or Sephora at Kohl's.


I'm sure by now you've heard about the $100,000 watch that Donald Trump is selling on trump watches.com. And look, we've been covering here on the Midas Touch network for many years now. Donald Trump selling these trinkets from the gold coins. He's selling to assassination edition sneakers to NFTs, you name it, he Melania his adult kids. They're selling these things. But I wanna dig deeper into the sale of the watch and not just the absurdity of this sale, but I want you to think about it like this. And we'll take a look at the website.


Why might Donald Trump right now on the eve of an election, be selling a $100,000 watch or watches? And as you go look at the disclaimer on the website for trump watches.com, you start finding out some very suspicious material. For example, one of the things that we learn is in the frequently asked question portion is, will I be getting the exact watch that I see on the website? And then it says, no. The images shown are for illustration purposes only, and may not be an exact representation of the product. Can you think of any other product for any amount of money yet alone?


$100,000 where the image being shown is artificial intelligence and you don't know the product that you are ultimately going To get. Let's take a look more at some of these frequently asked questions. Which countries do you ship to Trump watches can be shipped worldwide. International customers are responsible for all duties and taxes associated with their purchas. So it can be sold to foreign entities. Foreign governments, foreigners, when will they ship here? It says the Trump Victory Watch can ship maybe October, November, December. But it says, shipping and delivery dates are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed.


We are not liable for any delays in shipping, meaning that they could ship this years from now and they won't be liable based on this disclaimer. So I want you to put all of this to together right now. And here's the post that we made on our social media. I wrote, dig deeper into the $100,000 Trump watches and who might buy it? You can buy it with Bitcoin, by the way, that was on one of the disclaimers. Foreigners and foreign entities can buy the watches. The photos on site are not the actual watch, but they're merely illustrations of what it might look like per the disclaimer.


No guarantee when or if a watch will arrive. And Donald Trump specifically disclaims any liability for any of the timing of the shipping per the disclaimer. So when you put all of this together, I'm just gonna say it is very, very suspicious. And I'm not suggesting that in any way this is a money laundering scheme. I have no evidence to suggest that whatsoever. But I would say that if you were to put together a scheme and you were trying to wash money, one of the ways that you would go about doing it could be by selling a watch that doesn't even exist yet, where money will be transferred.


VIIA Bitcoin, where foreign entities and foreign governments can make significant amounts of money. 'cause remember, under our campaign finance laws here in the United States, foreign entities can't donate money, right? So if you're thinking about how you can buy influence, that would simply be a way to do it. And again, I want to be very clear here. I have no evidence to suggest that's what's going on here. I'm simply saying that there are all of these conflicts of interest. This is rife with conflicts of interest based on this relationship.


Are you looking for something simple and delicious to add to your wellness routine? Here's the thing, I used to put regular honey into a lot of my foods, breakfast tea protein, but then I was introduced to Mana Quora, and Manukora puts that regular honey to shame. I love the flavor, richness, creaminess, and all the health benefits Manukora honey brings to the table. The best way to use Manacor is straight from the spoon, first thing in the morning, letting the creamy texture melt in your mouth and coat your throat. Manacor honey is rich, creamy, and the most delicious honey you've ever had. It's ethically produced by Manor's Master Beekeepers in the remote forests of New Zealand. Manacor honey contains powerful nutrients to support immunity and gut health. The bees collect the nectar from the Manuka tea tree in New Zealand. The nectar is packed with bioactives, and the honey that is produced has three times more antioxidants and prebiotics than your average honey. A special bacterial compound called MGO also comes from the nectar of the tea tree. Manukora third party tests every single harvest for MGO and makes these results available through their QR system. It's a game changer, and all you need is one heap to teaspoon each morning. To get the most outta the amazing bioactives in Manuka. Additional usage throughout the day is completely fine, especially helping to cut out other sweeteners. It's a honey with superpowers. Now it's easier than ever to try Manukora honey. Head to manacor.com/midas To, get $25 off the starter kit, which comes with an MGO eight 50 plus Manuka honey jar. Five honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon and a guidebook. That's Manukora dot com slash ME IDAs.


You go back to Donald Trump's selling access in Mar-a-Lago, for example, we talk about all of Donald Trump's emolument clause violations while he was in office too. But you take the Mar-a-Lago example, and you'll remember that the Australian billionaire who has been cooperating with the Department of Justice in some of the cases against Donald Trump, which have heretofore been delayed as a result of the United States Supreme Court's decisions. He said that he would basically pay a million dollars to go to parties at Mar-a-Lago that would cost, you know, $10,000. And that he and others would get their memberships at Mar-a-Lago, so that they could get access to information.


And according to all of the reports, this Australian billionaire was given information from Donald Trump about the nuclear submarine, the systems that the United States has vis-a-vis Australia as a result of the guy buying access at Mar-a-Lago. So by Donald Trump, you know, selling these bitcoins and Donald Trump selling the NFTs rather, which you can buy with Bitcoins or Donald Trump selling these watches, I just think it raises a significant issue. Now, if you want to just reflect right now on the New York Mayor Adams indictment, if you wanna reflect on the Bob Menendez indictment and conviction in New Jersey, the Senator Menendez, or former Senator Menendez indictment there and still current Mayor Adams indictment, one of the things that were being alleged is that they would set up these straw men donation structures whereby the money would go to American entities or appeared to be American entities.


And then that money from, from foreigners, in the case of Eric Adams, it was Turkey. In the case of Menendez, it was Egypt. They would be diverted to American companies. So then the American companies and their employees would make the contributions, they would wash the money in essence, and then they would make the contributions. But it was really coming from a foreign source. Now, Eric, mayor Adams and, and Menendez, they weren't able to sell trinkets. They, they didn't have a cult that would buy products or, or it, it would look ridiculous if they sold a hundred thousand dollars watches just because they don't have the platform to do that.


But when it comes to Donald Trump, you know, he's been doing this his whole life. He's been bankrupting all of his entities. Pretty much. You go back and look at it, Trump water, Trump mortgage, Trump airplanes, Trump University, Trump Stakes, bankrupt, bankrupt, bankrupt, bankrupt, bankrupt outta business, outta business, outta business, outta business. Then the Trump casinos bankrupt, bankrupt, bankrupt. So he's got a track record of doing this. And you know, look on, on, on the one hand, this can be less sophisticated than that. He could just be like, look, I've got a bunch of, you know, morons who will spend their life savings and blow their life savings on the Trump media stock, which is crashing. And now I'm gonna swindle them with the Trump watch for a hundred thousand dollars.


Have people spend their life savings on, you know, on, on that. But I think there could be a more nefarious explanation. Again, I have no evidence for it a about if Mayor Adams and Menendez could sell these products and say, look, these aren't affiliated with the campaign. These are just personal trinkets that I'm selling, and people bite it. It could be viewed as an end run around it. Now, one of the other things as well to I think reflect upon is that, you know, Donald, Trump and Melania are out there saying how horrible the American economy is despite the GDP right now, reaching record highs despite the United States stock market and record territories as well, unlike Trump stock, which is crashing with all of the great economic news, Donald, Trump and Melania are selling.


And, and the MAGA and Mike Johnson are trying to act like our economy's terrible. America's the leading economy in the world right now. We're number one in every metric right now. America is number one. Could things be better? Absolutely The same way you can look at, you know, a a World Cup championship team, right? Could they have scored more goals? Of course they could. Was it an easy win? Maybe not. Maybe it was difficult, but you're still number one in America's leading the world in all of these metrics. But you know, Donald Trump, and they're saying, look, things are so bad, people can't afford things, but buy a $100,000 watch, but buy a assassination edition, $500 sneaker, but by a fake $2,000 bill with Trump's name on it, with real money that you can't actually use anywhere, but by these ridiculous NFTs, with Donald Trump looking like a space cowboy.


So with that analysis, let me just share with you, if We can, the Donald Trump like infomercial or whatever that he made about the $100,000 watch, I think that is how it should be reported on in that context. Here, play The clip special. I think you're gonna love it. My new Trump watches, we're doing quite a number with watches, and the quality to me is very important. The Trump victory turian. This isn't just any watch, it's one of the best watches made. It's a turian watch with almost 200 grams of gold and more than 100 real diamonds. That's a lot of diamonds.


I love gold, I love diamonds. We all do. Only 147 of these extraordinary watchers will ever exist in the world. And owning one puts you in a very exclusive club. I have Watch number one, and I'm gonna keep it. It's mine. And that's the way I want to have it. Each watch is numbered and extremely rare. A true collector's item, and it includes a personal letter signed by me. Get your Trump watch right now. Go To, get trump watches.com. It's Trump time. I think you now will watch that with more than just a, hey, you know, so embarrassing. So Humili, what a grifter. We all know that. But think deeper.


Think deeper. By the way, have you seen our new Substack? That's midas plus.com. Have you seen it? We can do a lot of great coverage there. Midas Plus, it's our new Substack. And you may have heard my new daughter crying in the background. It's okay, you're gonna hear her more frequently, crying in the background. But that's what we do now. We love her. It's subscribe. We're on our way to 4 million subscribers. Have a good one. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.