
What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock during tax season. Your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities, and there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook, whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas, an affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut, or visit MD gambling help.org in Maryland, hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


We're hearing these stories across the country, voters for Trump now saying, we screwed up. We made a massive mistake, and we're hearing this very loud in the Dearborn, Michigan area with the Muslims or Arabs for Donald Trump, or the Palestinians for Trump, not just in Dearborn, but across the country. Take a look at this article from Politico after Trump's remarks on leveling Gaza and permanently occupying it by the United States military and building what Trump resorts there or something. People in Dearborn, Michigan think, quote, we may have just screwed up.


It goes on to quote various leaders in the Arab community there who say, this is worse than their wildest, worst ex expectations, but they still claim that they think they did nothing wrong necessarily because they say they really had no choice to, but to support Donald Trump, which doesn't make sense, or to just be non-committed, most gut wrenching F-A-F-O-F around and find out Muslim Trump voters ask Democrats, the nation is falling apart. Democrats, we need your help. Can you do something? We can talk about some of the non-committed voters, some of the Trump voters, what they're saying.


Let's take a look at some of the Trump voters in Dearborn, Michigan. Some of the people who supported him, invited them into the community, cheered them on, put their arms around him. Anderson Cooper did a pretty decent job here. One of his reporters was in Dearborn, Michigan to talk to Arab Americans about the proposal to level Gaza and then occupy it by the United States military. Let's play this clip right here. Let's play it. Election. Donald Trump was the invited guest at the Great Commodore Restaurant in Dearborn, Michigan. Alberta. Baz says he extended that invitation, a decision he is now reflecting on given all that has happened in the last 24 hours.


Many in the community are a at a loss for words. Last night was a very rough night for most of us. Abba is Arab American and one of a number of Democrats who voted for Trump. Abba says he hoped Trump would do more than President Joe Biden did. To help Palestinians suffering in Gaza, the US will take over the Gaza Strip, but after Trump said, Palestinians should leave Gaza so it can be redeveloped. Abba says, not only does he feel betrayed, he's hearing from a number of people angered over his past support of Trump. People were really, really frustrated, and I don't think there's anyone to blame at the end of the day as Arab Americans or Muslims.


We really didn't have much of AdChoices. Now, let me show you this clip right here. This is Osama Ani, a non-committed voter. He voted for neither of the parties and suggested to people that was the best way to go. He or he says, and this was from August 19th, 2024, where he says they have no choice, but don't vote for either party. Although most of the people in Dearborn ended up voting for Donald Trump in a traditionally democratic area. Let's play It. There is another choice that we can sit home and this is what most of the people are going to be doing sitting home and not going out to vote. Is that the right thing to do?


Of course not. But what choices do we have? You tell me. So now let's take a look. Now what Osama LAN's reaction is, this is from CBS morning and saying that while we expected Donald Trump to be the worst, that's not exactly what you said in the other interview. You say now that he's exceeded, you are shocked that he's even exceeded your worst expectations. Play it From Donald Trump, the worst. But he's shocking us of how worse he can be. Here's another important clip I want you to play here, but I want you to, I want to show you here at the end, pay attention though to this Trump voter who is only ranking Donald Trump, a c or C minus.


She says, li Li listen carefully because she says, even though Donald Trump says he wants to level it and occupy it and have Israel take it over and ethnically cleanse the Palestinians and Arab population, even though Trump is saying those words, she says it's only a C that she's grading him, and she does regret her vote. She says, but she just still doesn't think that he means it. She just says, you know, those are just words. I don't think he really means what he says here, play this clip. The vote for Trump was not really a vote for Trump. It's a vote against the Biden Harris administration because they could not stop the carnage that's happening in, in Gaza.


If you Were to give President Trump a grade for how he's handling Gaza Middle East, what Would it be? I would say like a c plus College senior Sarah Shaban voted for Trump. She says she gasped. When she saw his remarks, I was disappointed, but I also wasn't surprised. But I would say that I kind of find it hard to believe that he would actually implement what he's saying. Did you regret voting for him a little bit. Now, folks, you're gonna have to explain to me, what is this brain rot? Is this brain mush? I mean, when she articulates what she's saying, I'm not talking about the the illogic, but she would seem to otherwise be an intelligent person.


But, but when it comes to these issues, I, she, is she in the rage algorithm so much that she can't get out and she just doesn't believe his words? What, what is this mental thing where he says it, then does it, and then people still go, oh, he didn't mean it and I'm still gonna support it. But then you actually go and look at what vice President Kamala Harris was saying on the campaign trail. I I just wanna remind you, she was saying, ceasefire two state solution humanitarian aid, we need to help Palestinians.


Palestinians have not been treated Well, we we need to do something. You're just, let me just show you this. This was Vice President Kamala Harris on the campaign trail. Play it. Let's get a ceasefire. Let's reunite the hostages with their families, and let's provide immediate relief to the people of Gaza. Given the immense scale of suffering in Gaza, there must be an immediate ceasefire for at least the next six weeks, which is what is currently on the table. Let me, okay, let me just show you.


I, I could show you like literally hundreds of clips like this. Let me show you just one other where she talks about the dignity of the Palestinian people play this clip. We're Joined today by leaders of the Arab American community, which has deep and proud roots here in Michigan. And I wanna say this year has been difficult given the scale of death and destruction in Gaza, and given the civilian casualties and displacement in Lebanon, it is devastating. And as president, I will do everything in my power to end the war in Gaza, to bring home the hostages and the suffering in Gaza.


Ensure Israel is secure and ensure the Palestinian people can realize their right to dignity, freedom, security, and self-determination. And we continue to work on a diplomatic resolution across the Israel Lebanon border to protect civilians and provide lasting stability. And as President, I will work tirelessly toward a future with security and dignity for all people.


I have to tell you about this game changing product that I used before, a night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Now, let's face it, after a night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I thought I had to make AdChoices. I can either have a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-Cool. Now, let me tell you, if there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after a night of drinking, it's with Pre-Cool Zbiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough next mornings after drinking. And here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration, that's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night, drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. I'll be honest, I was skeptical about pre alcohol at first, but then one weekend I was hanging out with a few friends over at my favorite bar, and I thought, Hmm, why not give it a shot? So I drank it before my first cocktail, my go-to Old Fashioned, and you couldn't believe just how on top of my game I felt the next morning. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. Even after a late night, I can confidently plan on hitting the gym, running errands, or just enjoying a full day without worrying about a hangover. With pre-cool, I can stay on track and not let winter travel or celebrations like Valentine's Day, the Super Bowl and Mardi Gras, throw me off course. Go to Zbiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, Zbiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason now, refund your money, no questions asked, remember, head to Zbiotics dot com slash Midas and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off.


And so, while Vice President Kamala Harris was out there saying that, I mean, you, you knew that Benjamin Netanyahu was hanging out with Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago. Like you knew that Netanyahu was not doing the ceasefire because he thought that could have been a winning issue for Biden and Harris, that he wanted to help Donald Trump. Like did you find it odd that they were hanging out at Mar-a-Lago, Netanyahu and Trump all of the time, and that Donald Trump's campaign was being funded by Miriam Adelson in addition to Elon Musk, but Adelson was the one who wanted the embassy. Remo moved to Jerusalem, and you know, she has been one of the kind of one of the strong voices out there, If you even want to call it that, of like letting Israel do basically anything at once.


You know, when it comes to the, the, the struggle in Palestine, I mean, I mean, I mean, do you, that that, that the, the disconnect there is is is hard for me to understand. And you could say, look, you don't like Vice President Kamala Harris and President Biden's policies and how they handled it, but it was, it was clearly it's elections are choices, and now you picked the worst possible self-defeating, self emulating choice. It just surpri it's, it's shocking. And, and then to hear her say that anyway, I mean, Donald Trump's out there. We all know the press conference of Trump. I, I don't need to show that again. Where Trump was out there saying, we gotta level it, level it, you know, it's, it's beautiful land that they could turn into.


What like resorts that, like Jared Kushner was talking about, he said that Egypt wanted the Palestinians and, and Jordan and Saudi Arabia and all these countries would go and take it on Fox. They were suggesting that you just ship Palestinians to Greenland in just like a mocking and just abrasive WW way in, in describing ethnic cleansing. Donald Trump post the guys, oh, oh, and then all these countries are like, no, we we're, we're not doing that. Like we have to respect the Palestinian state. And then Donald Trump writes, the Gaza Strip would be turned over to the United States by Israel at the conclusion of the fighting the Palestinians. People like Chuck Schumer would've already resettled and far safer and more beautiful communities with new and modern homes in the region.


What's even Todd? I'm not even gonna read the rest of it, but Donald Trump would use the word Palestinian during the campaign as a way of slurring Chuck Schumer. So for Trump Palestinians, a slur, not only that, but Palestinian protestors in the United States, Donald Trump says he wants to deport. And Donald Trump's opening up concentration camps in Guantanamo. Marco Rubio, secretary of State Rubio, cutting deals with the leader of El Salvador to send American citizens to El Salvador. And Trump views the Palestinian protestors here as, as the types of people who I think in my, and I at least, the suggestion is, is that those are the types of people he'd want to deport ostensibly to Guantanamo or El Salvador or, or ware.


I don't know. But I mean, just so you know, he, here's Rubio saying that so you could hear him in your own, in your own words, play the clip The President, in a act of extraordinary friendship to our country, knowing the challenges we face in the US has agreed to the most unprecedented and extraordinary, extraordinary migratory agreement anywhere in the world he has agreed to accept for deportation, any illegal alien in the United States who is a criminal for any nationality, be the MS 13 or train UA and housed them in his jails. And he's also offered to do the same for dangerous criminals currently in custody and serving their sentences in the United States, even if they're US citizens or legal residents.


And so we hear stories like this all the time. We're gonna share 'em on the Midas, touch New York, tell me what you think in the comments below. But of course, the leopards eating your face leopards are face eaters. Trump's should be obvious. Anyway, hit subscribe. We're close to 4 million subscribers. Help us get there. Thanks for watching and have a good one. Can't Get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski, and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


If you are running a retail business, don't let disorganized order fulfillment, cause chaos. Use ShipStation instead From running a business out of your garage to multiple warehouses, ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating tasks. Plus, you'll get the best shipping rates from global carriers. Calm the chaos with the shipping software that delivers. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.