
Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean honestly. When I started this I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C. Details


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. An all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC in its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Post Malone presents the big ass stadium tour with Jelly Roll and special guest Sierra Farrell in select cities. Presale for city card members is available now@livenation.com.


So let's talk about Donald Trump just naming Kelly Loeffler as his Secretary of Agriculture. She used to be a senator from Georgia. She was actually appointed in that position by Georgia Governor Brian Kemp. She lost back in, what was it, the 20 20 20 21 election period to Raphael Warnock, the current Democratic senator of Georgia. Okay? She is the wife of Jeffrey Stretcher. He owns a company called ice, which is the international, or the Intercontinental Exchange, which is the parent company of the New York Stock Exchange.


And Kelly Loeffler really made her money her marrying into massive wealth with Jeffrey Spreader. But her parents were farmers, they were big agriculture subsidy recipients, you know, which is interesting because on the other hand, Donald Trump's head of H-H-H-H-H-S, health and Human Services, RFK Junior kind of rails against Big Ag. So you know, it'll be interesting to see that tension there. Let, let's explore Kelly Loefflers background here. Let's talk about her parents for a second. Don and Linda Loeffler, Kelly's parents lifelong corn and soybean farmers.


Don also ran a trucking business that moved farm equipment since 1995. Her dad don received $1.2 million in federal government funds for crop subsidies, and her mom, Linda, received $214,000. You know, her brother also, Brian has received subsidies about 1.3 million in benefits. Brian has received more subsidies than anyone in Stanford, Illinois. And then after her marriage, Molly Loeffler began to receive farm subsidies after her marriage to Brian Kelly's brother, and she received subsidies in the amount of $671,000.


So lots of government subsidies there. It's interesting 'cause during Covid Kelly, Loeffler rallied against people in her own state getting an extra 600 bucks When you go and explore Loefflers background as well. She's the former CEO of a crypto company called bt, B-A-K-K-T, which is a subsidiary of her husband's company, Intercontinental Exchange or Ice. And what's interesting right now is that Bach, B-A-K-K-T recently announced that it would be selling itself to Trump Media, the parent company of truth social, right before the announcement of Trump appointing Loeffler as Secretary of Agriculture.


Kelly Loeffler also was one of the biggest fundraisers for Donald Trump this cycle. Here was the article about bock being sold to Trump media and that caused the stock price of both Bach and Trump media to increase significantly. Trump media is in advanced talks to buy the cryptocurrency trading from bock. The Financial Times reported Monday citing two people with knowledge of the talks, the new sent shares of both companies soaring Trump Media, which is majority owned by Trump, shot up by double digits minutes after the Financial Times reported this. And then It says, shares of Bach, which was created by Intercontinental Exchange, Loefflers husband, the owner of the New York Stocks ex Stock Exchange, skyrocketed more than 162% among repeated halts due to volatility.


Kelly Loeffler, a previous CEO of Bach is the co-chair of Donald Trump's inauguration committee Loeffler, who is married to Intercontinental Exchange. Cce, CEO Jeffrey Spreader left as Box Top Executive in 2019. When Georgia Governor Brian Kemp appointed her to the US Senate seat vacated at that time, and then she lost when she was running against Raphael Warnock. Here was an important moment during that debate with Warnock. We know that Kelly Loefflers family have accepted, I read that over $3.2 million in farm subsidies from the government. Meanwhile, she said it would be counterproductive to give Georgians $600 of relief.


So why would it be counterproductive to help ordinary Georgians in the middle of Panda in the pandemic? Here it is right here. Regarding the Coronavirus Pandemic, you dumped millions of dollars of stock in order to protect your own investments. And then weeks later, when there came an opportunity to give ordinary Georgians an extra $600 of relief, you said you saw no need and called it counterproductive. Why do you think it's counterproductive to help ordinary Georgians in the middle of a pandemic? Notably also, Donald Trump's former attorney General Pick Matt Gaetz, who withdrew his name after additional details about the child sex trafficking investigation into him surfaced.


We have him on videotape attacking Kelly Loeffler by basically saying that her husband bought that Senate seat for her. And he calls it a reverse dowry your play this clip. Now I understand, I understand that Kelly Loeffler has a lot of money. I say she has a lot of money. I think we all know what's really going on there. You know, a scene in the United States Senate should not be a reverse dowry paid in the greatest country in the world. Here's some other data points we have on Kelly Loeffler as well that I think is notable. The companies that she's led have had to pay like $8 million fines for compliance failures.


She was implicated in an insider trading scam based on her position, and there was a lot of calls on for a criminal investigation. The Department of Justice was either contemplating or had began a criminal investigation into Kelly Loeffler, you know, around that kind of 2020 time period for potential insider trading. And then her husband gave a million dollar donation to the Trump Political Action Committee and then they stopped the criminal investigation at or around that time.


As A kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar and most cereals, they don't gimme the protein that I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a nostalgically delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their popular cereal into high protein treats that are light crispy and taste just like the classic crunchy cereal bars magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite after Jim Snack. Now every serving a Magic Spoon cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carbs so you can feel good about what you're eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 12 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, Magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolatey peanut butter. Now my favorite is the Magic Spoon chocolatey peanut butter treats. And by the way, they're my wife's favorite too. They make for the best late night snack Get $5 off your next order at Magic Spoon dot com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon on Amazon or in your nearest grocery store. That's Magic Spoon dot com slash midas for $5 off Magic Spoon.


This was a an a video that we put out around that time about Kelly Loeffler. It was called Looting Loeffler and, and all we did here was put clips of reporting, including reporting by Fox at this time, who was going after Kelly Loeffler at this time. Here play this clip Once Senator in particular irks me a Senator Kelly Loeffler, not elected, but appointed just a couple months ago. Records show Loeffler and her husband, whose company owns the US Stock Exchange, sold stock valued between 1.3 and $3.1 million. Kelly Loeffler bought and sold stock shortly after a classified briefing on the Virus.


They knew the market was gonna tank and they sold based on that inside information. Some of The holdings she shed were an energy, automotive, retail, and airlines. Look, Marie, it's not just what she sold, but it's actually what she bought. It bought things like Amazon's hit trick systems company that obviously was gonna do well during a shutdown, while still Reassuring citizens that the US was prepared. We have Americans across the country who have seen their 4 0 1 ks plummet. Were you trading on inside information about what was coming? Folks? This woman is knee deep in the swamp and she just got there. Apparently, our use of that video when we put it out in 2020, inspired Kelly Loefflers lawyers to claim that the, that the video makes several false, misleading and ostentatious claims.


It inaccurately has a voiceover that Kelly Loeffler bought and sold stock shortly after a classified briefing on the coronavirus immediately after the ad proclaims that Kelly Loeffler and her husband that they knew the market was going to tank and they sold on that inside information. Perhaps most outrageously, the advertisement edits together footage from an interview that falsely makes it appear that Loeffler was nodding her head yes in response to a question from an interviewer asking, were you trading on inside information about what was coming at the conclusion of the advertisement? The onscreen text reads, fire looting loeffler. Not only are these claims demonstrably false, they're intended not just to mislead your viewers, but indeed to lie to them.


In fact, despite the shiny graphics and snide voiceover that the Midas Touch uses to make these unfounded and sensationalist claims, there is simply no truth to them. So I wanna give you a fair, I wanna give you their perspective that they deny all the things they say, all trades and other decisions are managed by multiple third, third party advisors without loefflers knowledge or or involvement. But as you saw from that I mean we're just using what Fox News was saying at the time. It was, it was Judge Janine Pirro was saying Here, here's the report. This one's a funny one. This one goes back to November, 2020. This is Michael Poppa right here, and here's what Popa said.


This is 2020 Michael Poppa reporting on Loeffler play. This clip Recently, the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission decided to drop insider trading charges against Senator Kelly Loeffler of Georgia. That decision only happened after her husband ahead of the New York Stock Exchange, made a $1 million donation to a super PAC that is in favor of Trump. He makes a donation for $1 million, the largest donation he's ever made in political history. A month later, the investigation against his senator wife is dropped. The American people suffered tremendously with the drop in the stock market and the closure of Main Street businesses.


Starting in March, Senator Loeffler obtained insider confidential information about the Covid crisis in January of 20, 23 months before the rest of the public learned of the extent of the virus and its impact, the new Biden administration must continue the investigation and the prosecution. And here was another report here that we did back on December 3rd, 2020 on Kelly Loeffler, your play. This clip, Oh, goody. Senator Kelly Loeffler has a new ad she's running in Georgia. We need someone who understands how it feels like waiting on that paycheck. Waiting on a paycheck, okay, this isn't an exaggeration.


She is literally the richest person in the Senate. She's worth half a billion dollars and her husband owns the New York Stock Exchange. Hell, she lives here. The place probably has got its own zip code. And while Kelly campaigned in a Kia to look like a woman of the people she actually owns, a private jet purchased after the Trump tax bill added a new write off for private jets because Washington works for rich people. When rich people run Washington. This is why it is so important. We vote for people who actually represent us, not another rich opportunist looking for tax breaks and stock tips. I should also be noted now as as Donald Trump's cabinet takes shape, you have Howard Lunik, Howard Lutnick, the Commerce Secretary net worth $2 billion.


You have Linda McMahon, education secretary net worth $3.2 billion. Kelly Loeffler agriculture secretary net worth 800 million. Elon Musk, the head of the made up Doge committee, net worth 315 billion VIIA Ram swami doge net worth 906 million. You have Doug Bergham, interior secretary, 1.1 billion, Dr. Oz, who's gonna be running Medicare and Medicaid net worth, who's previously called for privatizing it net worth 200 million. Then you have Chris Wright energy net worth 150 million right there.


I'll leave you with this 'cause here, Kelly Loeffler. This was after January 6th. She was originally going to object to the election and then after the insurrectionist stormed the capitol, lemme just show you what she said. So you can see how in my, this is, again, this stuff's my opinion, how morally kind of malleable you know she is here at play. This clip, Mr. President, when I arrived in Washington this morning, I fully intended to object to the certification of the electoral votes. However, the events that have transpired today have forced me to reconsider and I cannot now in good conscious object to the certification of these electors.


The violence, the lawlessness and siege of the halls of Congress are abhorrent and stand as a direct attack on the very institution. My objected, my objection was intended to protect the sanctity of the American democratic process. And I thank law enforcement for keeping us safe. I believe that there were last minute changes to the November, 2020 election process and serious irregularities that resulted in too many Americans losing confidence not only in the integrity of our elections, but in the power of the ballot as a tool of democracy. Too many Americans are frustrated at what they see as an unfair system.


Nevertheless, there is no excuse for the events that took place in these chambers today. And I pray that America never suffers such a dark day again, though the fate of this vote is clear, the future of the American people's faith in the core institution of this democracy remains uncertain. We as a body must turn our focus to protecting the integrity of our elections and restoring every American's faith that their vo, their voice, and their vote matters. America is a divided country with serious differences, but it is still the greatest country on earth. There can be no disagreement that upholding democracy is the only path to preserving our republic.


I yield the floor. Well, there you have it. Donald Trump's pick, secretary of Agriculture. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together, Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.