
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50, 15, 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


This is the sound of your ride home with dad after he caught you. Vaping. Awkward, isn't it? Most vapes contain seriously addictive levels of nicotine and disappointment. Know the real cost of vapes brought to you by the FDA.


How Do you feel? Great on vacation. Like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at opendoor.com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libs syn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today


Is the pressure getting to you already. Donald I mean how thin skinned can you be? You see what he posted over the weekend? He's calling for an investigation into Ann Sellr. You may say that name sounds familiar. Remember the Sellr Poll out of Iowa? Ann Ser was their pollster. She said that Vice President Kamala Harris was going to lead in Iowa by a few points, which was actually pretty incorrect. But now Donald Trump is spending the weekend attacking Ann Selzer saying she was involved in election interference and an investigation is needed right away.


It's like what he posted. He goes a totally fake poll that caused great distrust and uncertainty at a very critical time. She knew exactly what she was doing. Thank you to the great people of Iowa for giving me such a record breaking vote despite election fraud by Ann Sellr and the now discredited newspaper for which she works. An investigation is fully called for. And it's an article from the Des Moines Register saying that she's moving on to other ventures and she's stepping away from working at the Des Moines Register. That's what Donald Trump's doing. So lemme get this straight even where he wins the election and even where overall Republicans had a pretty decent election, there were some areas where Democrats did, okay, the Republicans are still saying fraud, fraud, fraud, election fraud.


They're the ones who are still whining and complaining even when they win. They just don't know how to govern. They don't know how to lead. I mean, by the way, there's this congressional race as well in in, in Orange County where the Democrat pulled ahead and the Republicans are like, there's cheating taking place. You see right there, even when they're winning, they are whining over and over again. And so just to show you, this is how MAGA views government as just endless grievance and endless whining. And it just, the, the whole thing is just a complete and utter mess right now, right? Like now we're learning that Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of Defense, Peter Hegseth, who's the Fox News host who cheated on wife one with wife two who cheated on wife two with wife three, had a baby with wife three.


We knew about the sexual assault allegations that he had in 2017. We learned about those, we reported on that. But now we also learned that he engaged in hush money payments as well. I mean this seems like a common theme. Hush money payments. Stormy Daniels sound familiar to everybody, but this is who MAGA is. I mean, by the way, as Donald Trump's out there talking about the Seor poll and whining about the Seor poll and talking about that, you have Elon Musk talking about this is what Elon Musk posted, who's basically been acting as a co-president at this point to Donald Trump.


And many people are saying just how annoying he is. You have Elon Musk talking about an extinction level event within the administration and spending bureaucracy in the federal government. And it's an extinction level event, is what they are talking about that. So Elon Musk, a billionaire, the richest person in the world said that we, the people must now all suffer hardship. He says, he says he and Donald Trump are gonna make sure we face hardship. He says, 'cause that's how he's gonna make things better. And now he's talking about an ELE. Look at this, an extinction level event. So to recap, you have Donald Trump whining about a pollster saying he's gonna use the government to go after some random pollster in Iowa, his Secretary of Defense picked Peter Heif, apparently made hush money payments the way Donald Trump did with Stormy Daniels.


You have Elon Musk creating fake governmental agencies, and he's talking about extinction level events with indie government itself. And take a look right there. Just look at Trump's face in this photo as Maga Mike Johnson. And he walk out to the UFC fight right here. You see Dana White here. So utterly bizarre and talking about the utter abuse of government power and authority right here. The Trump transition team is now compiling a list of current and former US military officers for possible court martial regarding Afghanistan withdrawal.


You mean the Afghanistan withdrawal that Donald Trump botched? You mean the deal that Donald Trump made with the Taliban to release 5,000 Taliban soldiers? You mean when Donald Trump invited the leader of the Taliban to camp David to commemorate September 11th, on the anniversary of nine 11, Donald Trump invited the leader of the Taliban. You mean Donald Trump? Who drew down our troops to a dangerous level, leaving them in harm's way, but keeping troops there, not allowing a smooth transition or any transition at all to take place from his administration to the Biden administration. Yeah, and and now you're gonna go after military generals who were involved in Afghanistan and try to court martial them.


I mean the abuses of power here are through the roof. And I think Americans are taking notice. We talked about how people are just getting utterly pissed that like Elon Musk and these oligarchical billionaires are talking about exposing us to severe and devastating hardship. We don't wanna go through hardship. We, the people just wanna go about living our lives. Take a look at what Elon Musk is pub is publishing as well, or posting on his social media platform. Well, first he posted an attack on the Federal Reserve. He said, what would be better? A Magic eight ball or the Federal Reserve. And he did a Twitter poll on that.


'cause apparently that's now what Trump and MAGA does. That's how they govern via Twitter polls. And then you have Elon Musk commenting with this after he spoke to Zelensky. The news. Zelensky says, the US referring to Trump cannot force us to sit and listen at the negotiating table. We are an independent country President Zelensky says in a Ukrainian interview, we're not just gonna listen. If Trump tries to force our hands, we are going to defend our territory. We're not submitting, we're not obeying, we're not doing that. We're going to win this war. And then Elon Musk goes, his sense of humor is amazing with a laugh emoji, obviously threatening President Zelensky right there.


And then you just have the most absurd propagandist. Like here is a Newsmax, Monica Crowley, one of Donald Trump's top propagandist saying the following about Trump cabinet positions. And by the way, this is not an SNL clip. As Tennessee hollers us play this clip Making America great again. Every single cabinet pick that he has announced so far is incredibly accomplished and strong on their own as a team. This really is a dream team. We have not seen this kind of talent pool since the founding fathers.


I'm always on the lookout for immune strength during cold and flu season. So I just discovered an incredible product, ARMRA colostrum. Now my immune health has never been stronger. I recently began using ARMRA colostrum because I need something to help strengthen my gut barrier, protecting against toxins, chemicals, and pollutants that drive inflammation. Colostrum is the first nutrition we receive in life and is an exclusive source of all the essential nutrients we need in order to thrive. Armor colostrum is sustainably sourced and is a proprietary concentrate. A bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 functional nutrients to strengthen your immune barriers. Your body's inside suit of armor and the first line of defense against harmful particles from the environment that can trigger inflammation and make you sick. Armor, colostrum strengthens immunity, ignites metabolism, fortifies gut health promotes hair growth and skid, radiance and powers, fitness, performance and recovery. ARMRA colostrum strengthens all four layers of your gut wall, where 80% of your immune cells are housed. When the immune barriers of your gut are compromised, you are left vulnerable. The body's gut wall system is your critical line of defense against particles from the environment that can make you sick. ARMRA colostrum strengthens all four layers of gut wall system naturally optimizing your microbiome, fortifying your gut wall architecture, and replenishing your army of immune cells, securing your highest integrity, gut health and immune system. It's a rich, exclusive source of immunoglobulins, antibodies that optimize your immune defense during cold and flu season. So I take three to four scoops of ARMRA colostrum a day and increase, increase it as desired for amplified defense as a whole. Food. There's no such thing as too much. We've worked out a special offer for our audience here, for this ARMRA Colostrum. Receive 15% off your first order. Go to try ARMRA dot com slash midas or enter Midas to get 15% off your first order. That's try ARMRA dot com. You spell it TRY ARMRA dot com slash midas. M-E-I-D-I-S. Go and check that out now. Try ARMRA dot com slash midas.


And then you have Lauren Bobert saying that Dan Bonino the right wing podcast host the extremist right wing podcast host. He should become Secretary of the Secret Service, which is not even a job. And by the way, you saw Maga Mike Johnson at the UFC fight because apparently America's just quite literally like everything is propaganda right now. Everything is like just a ridiculous stunt. Here he is talking about, we may, we may try to shut down Congress so Donald Trump can just get in any of the people that he wants who are completely unqualified so we could all inflict hardship on you.


The oligarchy, the American Billionaire Boys Club, oligarchy of the billionaires, the Elon Musks and the Trumps. They can screw us, they can screw you. We screw all, we the people we're onto you here play this clip. It happened. Listen, I believe in the principle of a new president being able to choose this team and that that used to not be a controversial notion. We're in a, a time of very divided government and a very partisan atmosphere in Washington. I wish it were not. I wish the Senate would simply do its job of advice and consent and allow the President to, to put the persons in his cabinet of his choosing. But if this thing bogs down, it would be a great detriment to the, to the country, to the American people.


Remember, they just delivered a mandate to the President, an overwhelming popular vote and victory and, and of course, electoral college victory. And they have sent the message that America first policies are, should be the rule of the day. So the persons that the president is choosing will help with that agenda. They will take their leadership in these agencies and they will reform them as the people expect in demand. So we'll evaluate all that at the appropriate time and we'll make the appropriate decision there. There may be a function for that and we'll have to see how it plays out. Okay? Oh, and by the way, you have RFK Junior. Remember, make America healthy again. MAHA, make America healthy again. Remember, remember that slogan? Well, here they are eating the McDonald's on the Trump plane.


Elon Musk, RFK Maga Mike Johnson don Jr Donald Trump, and here he is, RFK with some Zinn art. It is, just so you know what Zi is, it's like a synthetic nicotine. And if you ever went on the Reddit board of people who tried to quit Zinn, it is so hard to get off it. And some of the stories are the saddest and most depressing stories to ever hear as people try to get off Zinn. But you know, if you were paying attention to the Trump campaign as we were here on the Midas Touch Network, you would know that one of the platforms that was not Make America healthy. Remember Donald Trump had the Nel Boys, the Canadian right-wing podcasters who got involved in our elections.


'cause they're very popular amongst the kind of right wing, you know, gen Z crowd. They're, they started off as like pranksters doing like, you know, immature pranks on people. And, and now they're big Trumpers. Barron's a big fan of their show with, on their podcast. I think they've been, I don't know if they were banned from YouTube, but they were certainly demon. I, I don't know what the story, but you have them going and giving a speech about, hey, we legalize zin, we want, or, or they, they attacked Governor Walls for putting attacks on zin because it's very dangerous stuff. Here, play this clip. We Need Trump back and we need him back.


Bad. One more thing. I know it's passionate about Governor Tim Walsh. He put a 95% tax on Z. We gotta get that removed, president Trump, But that's right. Make America healthy again. That's right. You're gonna have the Magdas tell you what you can eat, what you can do. Ban your vaccines, ban fluoride in water, dictates your life. By the way, I, all the people who were angry that they had to wear masks during covid, you're cool with the government telling you what you can eat, when you can eat, where you can go, what you have to do, literally dictating the terms of your life as inflicting hardship on you.


As Elon Musk says, he's gonna be the billionaire saying he's inflicting hardship on you. Did you see the other report? I did, I talked about it in legal AF as well. No one wants to talk about this stuff. A federal judge, judge Jordan, out of the Eastern District of Texas, struck down the Biden Department of Labor rule, which would've provided overtime payment to anybody making under about 56 to $58,000 a year. You'd automatically be entitled to overtime pay. But a Trump judge said no, that's too anti-business to give overtime to people making under 58,000. But on the other hand, as Elon Musk is worth $300 billion and all of these billionaires, the oligarchy that now supports all of this stuff, because they're gonna get great tax cuts, they're gonna make tens of billions of dollars more because you can never have so many billions of dollars.


You need 50. We need a hundred yachts, 200 yachts while we, the people suffer so that the oligarchy can inflict pain on we the people and then say they're gonna inflict hardship on us. What, like Argentina, where 53% of the people live under poverty under the ruler that the MAGA all applaud. What? Like Victor Orban, where the entire GDP is what $170 billion a year, which is less than what some company lots of companies make annually or in the United States. Well, I mean, I think you're seeing, we call it a CTO over here, a Kakis ocracy over here in the United States.


A government by the idiots or an Idiocracy, if you will. But there you have it I, mean thin skin. Trump flipping out, he's posting about Scaramucci. Scaramucci is a loser. This person's a loser, dude. You're the president-elect now. Grow the heck up, act like an adult or get the heck out. Ridiculous. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you so much for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Lipsy ads, go to lipsy ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.