
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling, call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to burri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


Idiocracy was too charitable to the United States of America. Hat tip to Aaron Rupert for that quote right there. Yep. The Trump Idiocracy just made Janine Pirro, the Fox host, the interim United States attorney for Washington DC. At the same time, Donald Trump fired his own interim FEMA director because the FEMA director said that he wanted to keep FEMA running as an agency in the Trump regime. If you try to defend your agency at all, you get fired right away and that's what happened here.


Also, MAGA was having a meltdown about the new Pope, now known as Pope Leo the 14th was Cardinal Robert Prevo. He was from Chicago, is from Chicago, worked in Peru Mag saying, and this guy's so woke, he's the weakest pope ever. He is too woke for them because he's made public statements in posts before that said that migrants should be treated with dignity. He's said that JD Vance and Na belli their statements about concentration camps in El Salvador and treatment of migrants was unacceptable to him.


He came out in support of the black community after the murder of George Floyd. So statements like that have Maga very, very, very upset. But of course yesterday began with Donald Trump announcing a fake trade deal with the United Kingdom, who the United States already has a trade surplus with. So Donald Trump issued massive tariffs against the uk. Again, the United States has a trade surplus with the United Kingdom. We only do about 2% of total trade with the United Kingdom. And so Donald Trump removed about 10 or 15% supposedly of that tariff.


So there's still 10% tariffs against UK and some of the tariffs were removed against like Range Rover and Land Rover. And so the Arsonist really didn't even put out his own fire, but kind of pretended to and we're all supposed to go, yay Donald. Good boy Donald. And the whole thing is so utterly ridiculous. And then they go through the whole charade where he lies and he goes, the deal I made today with the United Kingdom is great for our farmers and ranchers. It's also wonderful for the United Kingdom. Everybody benefits. That's the way it should be. You know, about 30 days ago or so, there was no restrictions with the United Kingdom.


You, you place them on and now you partially remove that. That's not a deal. That's not even a sub deal. It's not even a sub deal. Within a sub deal isn't a free trade agreement, which takes three years to negotiate. Why does Corporate news baby this guy, go, good job, Donald. You did a deal. You did a deal. It's not a deal at all by the way. I mean this is what we're learning about it too. The full and comprehensive trade deal between the US and the UK is no such thing. They were rushing to try to get it through. They didn't even know what the terms were. Lots of people don't even know what the terms are. Now. The rush to demonstrate progress on deals reveals rising desperation within the administration to roll back tariffs before they hit GDB Growth and inflation.


I mean, they already are. Take a look at these three names side by side, prime Minister Mark Carney of Canada, Anthony Albani of Australia Prime Minister, and right now Robert Prevo, Pope Leo the 14th. All of them together, lots of people are saying beats a reaction to Donald Trump. Even Donald Trump's own top religious advisor. This bishop said that an American Pope, if one were to ever be announced, would indicate the United States political decline. And I think the Vatican was sending a strong message here.


That's my theory right here. And hat tip for the courier for posting it with us over there. And they did great research at the Courier. So this guy, Bishop Robert Barron, sits on the White House's Committee on religious liberty and hears what they said. Cardinal George of Chicago of Happy Memory was one of my great mentors. And he said, look, until America goes into political decline, there won't ever be an American Pope. And his point was, if America's kind of running the world politically, culturally, economically, they don't want America running the world religiously. So a sign of America's decline would be the moment the Vatican selected an American Pope and American Pope who shows empathy supports migrants, supports equality.


Now the brother of the new Pope who guy from Chicago, you know, 'cause the Pope was from Chicago, he worked in Peru, said, no, no, my brother hates Trump's migrant policy. Like he's really against it. He goes, I don't know how far he is gonna go, but I can sure as hell tell you that my, maybe I shouldn't use that language there when I'm talking about a pope. Sorry, my bad. But he said my, my brother certainly doesn't support, certainly doesn't support these policies at all. I'm sorry. Okay, so let's talk about the FEMA director, the interim FEMA director who Trump fired. I'm gonna do a whole video on that this morning. The acting head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, cam Cameron Hamilton, a big MAGA guy too, is out the day after he testified.


And he said that the agency FEMA that he led was vital and should not be eliminated disagreeing with President Trump and Homeland Security Secretary Dog Killer Kristi No, as Waldo Jack Reath says one thing that Trump will not tolerate is the heads of agency saying publicly that their agency should exist. As I said, Idiocracy is charitable to the United States of America, but folks, Ted Cruz and the MAGA Republicans were hard at work. Ted Cruz proposed a bill to help military hurt by the vaccine mandate. That's the title, that's what he's focused on right there.


Hurt by the vaccine mandate, you know, to, to be vaccinated for troop readiness. I mean, what in the world is going on with our country right there? And by the way, well, I'll talk to you more about the surge in general, Casey means in a second, but


I often get asked, Ben, where do you do your research from and, and how do you find these clips and how do you find stories like this? Like take a look at this one right here. I found this one on Blind Spot, which is Run by Ground News, who happens to be a sponsor of the Midas Touch Network. I can see here on their blind spot feature, which I use all the time, that this is being almost exclusively covered by right wing media and some center media. But no left wing media is covering this, so I wanna bring this to our attention so you see what's going on there. So it's a great research tool, by the way, Ground News. I think it's essential nowadays, nowadays to see through some of the double standards that exist in the media ecosphere. So if you wanna know, if you wanna access it yourself and we got a great discount for you too, just go to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code right there. We're gonna give our viewers nice 40% off Ground News is top tier vantage plan, which will get you unlimited access to everything I've shown you and more Ground News is subscriber funded so they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias and subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep the media transparent at Tip to Jordy for negotia, my bro, my brother Jordy, for negotiating that deal. Ground News, you got 40% off Ground News slash MTN and get 40% off Ground News. Top tier vantage plan. Sweet.


Alright, let's talk about, should we talk about Janine Pirro? Should we talk more about Casey means? Now let's first talk about someone else who Donald Trump fired, just to show you how despicable and dastardly this regime is. Trump just fired the first black person to serve as the Librarian of Congress. She has been in that position since 2016 and is the first professional librarian to hold the position since 1974. So a qualified black woman librarian, of course, that checks the boxes for Donald Trump to say termination. As Joe Morell says, Congress member says today, Trump fired a patriotic publics servant.


The librarian of Congress spent her entire career serving people from helping kids learn to read, to protecting some of our nation's most precious treasures. She is an American hero, and apparently that's just a threat to Donald Trump. And, and look, I think the American people see it. I gave a speech this week at the Milken Institute, one of my main messages when I was asked, how is the Midas Touch that we're connecting with audience? I says, 'cause we're speaking to human beings about human beings, and we can say this behavior by Donald Trump and Musk and Vance is just not right. I will not stand by idly to watch human beings here in America treat other human beings So cruelly, as I've said, it's not a debate whether there's due process or not due process.


There's due process. Damnit, this is the United States of America. It's simple to me. We don't bully marginalized communities in the United States of America. We shouldn't do that. We shouldn't hate, we shouldn't spread all of these lies all the time. We shouldn't attack our allies. We shouldn't just engage in this reckless and disastrous behavior. The lack of accountability, the immaturity. That's not okay at a human level. That's not okay. And that's what I was telling the audience at the Pac crowd I was speaking in front of. We just gotta remember, we gotta treat human beings nicely and just try to be good people. By the way, that's why Trump's net approval rating continues to plummet and plummet and plummet because as he treats people cruelly, as he harms the economy, as he harms people's lives, what are they focused on in, in the house?


I mean, I showed you what Ted Cruz was doing on that Ground News research I was doing. But yeah, the US House is voting to all the Republicans vote to approve the legislation to rename the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of America. Yay. Yay everybody. Yay. I don't wanna show any Trump videos in this, in this today. I I don't want, I don't want you any, I don't wanna hear his voice this morning. I'm not gonna play the clip, but I'll tell you what he said. I just don't want to, I don't want to hear his voice this morning. Okay? Donald Trump said, you better go and buy stock now manipulating the market. And then Donald Trump said on port traffic, the lack of ships coming into Seattle Long Beach, even on the East coast in Boston.


He goes, when you say that ship volume slows down, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. That means we're making money and we're not losing money. No, Donald, it means the opposite. Going back to what I said before, it's like what are we talking about here? We know tariffs are bad. We know when ships don't arrive, that's bad. Can we use common sense? Like let's just be real. This is Donald Trump saying about Covid like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. Inject yourself with bleach. He's doing it again in this manufactured recession that he's created. He's doing it again. He's always done this though. If you go back to how he destroyed Atlantic City and he bankrupted his casinos back then, remember he built three casinos right next to each other.


He took out a huge loan and he was over leveraged. And everybody was saying, what are you doing? Why are you building three casinos? You're gonna bankrupt them. No, the biggest, most beautiful, I gotta be three. And he bankrupted and everybody lost their jobs. Then he blamed the city and he blamed the workers and he makes money and he goes on to the next scam. That's why I call him the Ponzi scheme presidency. That's why I call this the Rug Pull presidency. Finally, again, the theme of this video, Idiocracy was charitable to the United States of America. The movie Idiocracy. I'm like, where Idiocracy meets like Kim Jong-un meets the worst season of the Apprentice. I've said it before, we're all non-consensual participants in this dystopian reality weird TV show, the worst episode of The Apprentice that's never aired, that We don't want to be a part of.


We just wanna go about our lives. We wanna spend time with our families. We wanna be able to just go out and not think about this maniac making post and behaving like a malignant narcissist at all times. That's what we want. So here's Laura Loomer, one of Donald Trump's top advisors calling Donald Trump's pick for surge. In general, Casey means witchcraft. Witchcraft. Trump nominated a witch doctor for surge in general, according to his other top advisor, Laura Loomer. You see the theme of this video, Idiocracy was charitable. Laura Loomer goes, this is arguably witchcraft. I want to know which one of Trump's geniuses chose a woman who literally talks to trees and spiritual mediums and who doesn't even have an active medical license to be the US Surgeon General.


She's right there. It's RFK Junior. But that's what the surgeon General believes. I would call her a witch doctor, but she doesn't even have a valid medical license. So I'm not going to call her a doctor. You have no idea how many Texts I received from doctors who are members of Mar-a-Lago and Bedminster who are like, what the F is this? It's honestly insane. I do not believe for one second that Donald Trump made this decision. I refuse to believe it. So let's end this video with that. I refuse to believe it. Shea refuses to believe it. MAGA cult members with mush brains refuse to believe it. I think they do, but they have this cognitive dissonance. I everyone I refuse to. He didn't post.


Yes, it was posted on his account, but he didn't post it. I said, what do you, what do you mean? Like when have we allowed a human being to behave outwardly like a freaking baby with shit in their diaper running around and behaving this way? And we're like, well, you know the baby. No, it's an adult. It's a grown human being is the lead. It's the presidency. What are we doing? What are we doing? Anyway, judge for yourself. Shout out to Ground News too.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.