
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies. While MeUndies can't totally help your love life this Valentine's Day, they can offer you insanely comfy undies and loungewear to buy or gift. MeUndies has so many awesome Valentine's Day prints and styles. Plus you can match with your partner, friends, or even your pets. This Valentine's Day give the gift that'll keep them thinking of you and score huge sitewide savings at meundies.com/spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. MeUndies comfort from the outside in


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed, or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify. Podcast rules and restrictions may apply


As there were two plane crashes this week. As the world braces for Trump tariffs, as Donald Trump's government funding freeze has put our entire nation into chaos. As Donald Trump literally tried to divert water in California to a wrong area that was already subject to flooding so he could somehow claim he turned on a faucet by further flooding an area. By the way, farmland with farmers who actually voted for Donald Trump and who tilt Republican voters Trump screwing their farms even more. While all of this was going on as our nation in the United States as we are totally suffering and weaker than we've ever been.


As Americans don't feel safe anymore to even like fly on airplanes or to do anything relating to the government, this is what Trump was doing. He was selling his meme coins. So as prices continue to skyrocket as housing is not more affordable, it's less affordable. As mortgage rates go up, as there's no peace in Ukraine, as Donald Trump promised, he's selling meme coins once again. He goes, I love Dollar Sign Trump. Go get get trump memes.com. The guy is selling meme coins still Right now from the Oval Office as this is going on, as you see another plane crash, two in one week, this one's in Northeast Philadelphia.


Earlier in the week, a United States military Black Hawk helicopter crashed into an airplane from Kansas killing 67 people. As Donald Trump was selling meme coins. He then wrote this. So sad to see the plane go down in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, more innocent souls lost. Our people are totally engaged. First responders are already being given credit for doing a great job. More to follow. God bless you all. First responders are giving, getting credit. What? What are you even talking about? Here's what Donald Trump posted earlier in the day.


Two, two separate plane crash posts. I'm not gonna ever normalize this behavior. Meme coins, two separate posts about plane crashes, and here's what he wrote in the morning. The Black Hawk helicopter was flying too high by a lot. It was far above the 200 foot limit. That's not really too complicated to understand, is it? Look, folks, that's why character so matters, right? Donald Trump has zero character. This is a convicted felon, a sexual assaulter, a broken human being, a disgusting human being. Someone who has bankrupted multiple businesses. He's a total abject failure as a person, and this is why you need moral character.


It's is that too complicated to understand? People are in mourning how nation is in mourning, bodies are still being located. What the hell kind of post is this? And then he goes and posts the following weird lie photo of beautiful water flow that I just opened in California today. 1.6 billion gallons, and in three days it will be 5.2 billion gallons. Everybody should be happy about this long fought victory. I only wish they listened to me six years ago. There would have been no fire.


He's saying there would have been no fire. He was taking credit for the rain. He believes that in northwest California, that we border Canada and that you turn on a faucet, you wanna know what actually happened? Acting on Trump's orders. Federal officials opened up to California dams. State officials were not part of the decision making. Quote, I don't know where this water is going, but this is the wrong time of year to be releasing water from these reservoirs. California is not missing water. That was not the issue was that we had hurricane style winds with fire.


Basically a fire hurricane consumed California. So you can't fly helicopters and it's hard to bring water when you have that type of wind and that type of catastrophic event, as we wrote on the Midas Touch Network. Wrong valve, Donald, your action rerouted water to the Tulare Lake bed, not to Southern California, by the way, where there's not fires anymore, and where there is water, the reservoirs are full. Trump stopped the pumping after concerns from farmers, many of whom are conservative Trump voters who feared it would trigger new flooding in a region that's still recovering from the devastation of 2023.


He was pushing water to the wrong area, further devastating farms and people who voted for him. You know what they say? You F around and you find out, but I don't like people suffering. So what else was going on? Donald Trump inflicting more suffering here. He was from one of his ridiculous Oval Office interviews or press conferences that he holds. And here he says that there's nothing that's gonna stop him from Taring, Canada, Mexico and China play this clip. Mr. President, is there anything China, Canada, and Mexico can do tonight to forestall your implementation of tariffs Tomorrow?


No. Nothing. Not Right now. No. Not a negotiating tool. No, it's not. No, it's a pure economic. We have big deficits with, as you know, with all three of 'em. And in one case, they're sending massive amounts of Fentanyl, killing hundreds of thousands of people a year with a fentanyl. And in the other two cases, they're making it possible for this poison to get in, number one. And number two, we have big deficits and it's something we're doing and we'll,


I didn't realize how bad the air was in my home until my baby girl started coughing. It was a big wake up call. And you know, here in Los Angeles with everything that went down, we need clean air in our home. This podcast is sponsored by Filter Easy. Look, it's 2025. When was the last time you changed your air filters? Many homeowners can't even answer that question. Or they don't have the time or they can't find the right size filters. Filter easy, makes changing your air filter Effortless. The filter Easy Subscription Service delivers the right filters to your door right when you need them. Finally, a subscription service. I actually wanted to subscribe to Filter. Easy filters are proudly made with love in the great state of North Carolina with millions of filtered shipped filter. Easy is the number one home air filter subscription service in the world. My filter arrived the other day. It's amazing. No more guessing sizes running out of filters. I just say my filter, easy. It's here. Let's go. No more living with dirty air. The delivery is my reminder. You change your filters. It sounds silly, but these things are just cool. Filter Easys filters snap into place when you open your box and it's way stronger than the cardboard filters you buy at the store. I've got enough to worry about. So filter, easy checks one thing off my list for good. I'll never forget to change my filters again. So almost 80% of people don't change their filters on time, including me with filter Easy. I'll never forget again, filter, easy magic filters offer improved airflow, which means cheaper heating and cooling bills. I think you're gonna love it. So here's what you gotta do. Filter easy takes care of your air filters so you have time to take care of everything else. Head to filter easy.com/midas and use code Midas for 50% off your first order, plus free shipping forever. Once again, that's filter easy.com/midas for 50% off your first order, plus FREE SHIPPING forever. And make sure you use our promo code Midas so they know we sent you. Thanks Filter easy.


And here in with respect to Donald Trump, just like firing all of the federal workforce, getting rid of all the federal workers, like the head of the FAA was pushed out safety committees for the FAA pushed out. This is across all government agencies. By the way. The same time we learned that Elon Musk pushed out the top treasury Department person because Musk and Trump and others wanted to seize access to the payment system that releases trillions of dollars from social security and medical billing and payments. They wanted access to this information. So now the oligarchs have all of our information, our payment information, who gets the money?


They have access to the funnel of money being released and the head of the treasury, the acting head, who's a bipartisan person, not a political guy, he was forced out to resign. But you have Donald Trump saying everybody is replaceable, anybody's, it doesn't make a difference. Everybody's replaceable here. Play this clip with Efforts to reduce the federal workforce, whether it's offering what we've called the buyout package or other efforts. Do you have any concerns that there will be employees broadly across the federal government who might take that up? And they're part of the many different ways that agencies protect the public from food inspections to water safety, to the air, But everybody's replaceable and we'll get very good people to replace them if it turns out to be more than we Thought.


This also comes at a time when Donald Trump forced the FCC to initiate a investigation into CBS, which is owned by Paramount because 60 Minutes did an interview of Vice President Kamala Harris before the 2024 election that Donald Trump didn't like. So now the FCC is retaliating against Paramount and basically threatening their merger that they're trying to engage in with another oligarch company. Donald Trump has a personal lawsuit against CBS. He wants them to pay him money the same way or or pay for a library the same way, A, B, C and meta $15 million payment by a BC $25 million payment from meta.


He wants CBS to pay as well using the FCC to chill First Amendment speech and look what they're doing. They're painting over any, any words that have the word like fairness, leadership, compassion, diversity. They're literally painting over it. How Orwellian, how dystopian, speaking of which, he then has all of his, like the, the people who work for him like the, like this is Christie Nome, the puppy killer, and she now is the Secretary of Homeland Security. And she like goes on Fox. Look at this photo of her cosplaying as though she's like a, I don't even know what this outfit is, like a Halloween costume.


It's not how you need to dress if you're the Homeland Security Secretary. It's like ridiculous stuff right here. And at a morning meeting, Trump officials have told staff at the Office of Personnel Management to draw plans to cut that agency staff and programs by 70% expected to disable Federal retirement services program, federal employee health benefits and more destroying the government and destroying our alliances and destroying our economy in two in two weeks and making us far less safe. Donald Trump has caused a crash in the American auto industry with the tariffs. Even Fox News had to explain how the tariff announcement prompted a stock market sell off.


When Caroline Levitt, Donald Trump's 27-year-old press secretary who wears shirts that like MAGA blondes do it better. That's the shirts that she wears. MAGA blondes do it better. Here's what they said on Fox. Let's play it Said, promises made, promises kept. That will be happening 25% for Mexico, 25% for Canada, 10% tariffs on China. There was a bit of a market reaction. You can see the Dow off more than 200 points If you pop up the big board, John, you'll see right about the time she confirmed that these will begin tomorrow, shortly after the one o'clock Eastern Time hour. That's when you saw the Dow sell off. Not a huge sell off, but there was certainly a reaction to that.


Well, they have still got 10 hours to try to avoid tariffs before they snap into place at 12:01 AM So I wouldn't be surprised if the president hears from Canada and here's from Mexico and maybe even gets a call from his friend, Xi Jinping don't know. And this is what they're going with. Now, this is what, this is what Trump's Press Secretary is saying. When you're flying with your loved ones, do you pray that your airplane lanes safely and gets you to your destination? Or do you pray that your pilot is a certain skin color? You play this clip I've answered on this subject, when you are flying on an airplane with your loved ones, which every one of us in this room has, do you pray that your plane lands safely and gets you to your destination?


Or do you pray that the pilot has a certain skin color? I think we all know the answer to that question. And as President Trump said yesterday, it's common sense. Rob Curley, When I used to get on an airplane and the Biden administration or the Obama administration or others, I I, I would just, I wouldn't be thinking twice. Is my plane going to crash Now? We have two crashes in one week in Trump's America and Trump's talking about meme coins and, and you've got the, the Pentagon now run by Pete Hegseth, a former Fox host, refusing to allow celebrations of Martin Luther King Jr. Day Black History Month, Holocaust Remembrance, refusing to acknowledge that at the Defense Department, Elon Musk's sleeping in the White House in the Lincoln bedroom.


Anyway, I'm reminded of this. Everything can kind of have a 40 in route, right? You have, this is, I'll just leave you with this Gavin Newsom in high school, Donald Trump, around the same age. Let's leave you with that image. Sorry. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.