
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads,


Donald Trump woke up to disasters that he created and that he is continuing to create in the United States of America and throughout the world. We woke up this morning learning that jobless claims spiked in a worrisome sign for the US labor market. There were an estimated 242,000 jobless claims filed last week, according to seasonally adjusted data released Thursday by the Department of Labor. And who even knows now if the Department of Labor is giving all of the accurate data? It may be far more than that. That's an increase of 22,000 from the prior week's tally and a figure that landed above economists expectations for 220,000 claims.


Now, one of the things that CNN is saying is, is this part of the Doge effect, which is now synonymous for job losses? Also, we saw WPPA major advertising firm. Their stock plunged 16%. It's screaming, downturn after Dominoes, Krispy Kreme Bed, bath Beyond. And others have a significant warning that consumers are now spending far less as they are terrified in a Donald Trump economy. What is Donald Trump doing? While all of this is taking place, he's making matters worse. He's sending emails like this to his supporters.


I subscribe to the email so you don't have to. Immediate action required. Donald Trump writes, it is obvious how passionate you are about saving the America we know and love. That's why I just selected you to represent your state as an ambassador for maga. Please complete my official Trump flash poll before it closes at midnight If you want to become a official MAGA ambassador. When you click that link, it then brings you to a page where Donald Trump tries to grift off you and make a bunch of money off of you while he's crashing the economy, causing you to lose your job, making housing less affordable and prices are surging.


Donald Trump took a good economy. He was handed over by former President Biden, and he is absolutely crushing it right now. One of the things we learned as well is that Donald Trump is also destroying enforcement against fraud. The United States Consumer Financial Bureau, the CFPB on Thursday dropped its legal action against Capital One, which the agency had accused last month of cheating consumers out of more than $2 billion in interest payments on savings accounts. This is part of the effort by Elon Musk and Donald Trump to gut an agency that helps people, whether you're in red states, blue states, purple states, whatever, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was likely helping you and stopping corporations cheat you.


And remember, Elon Musk posted C-F-P-B-R-I-P, and then they went on and attacked it, and then a federal court issued an injunction basically stopping the Trump administration from gutting the CFPB. Then the Trump administration filed paperwork in court lying and saying, oh, we're not gutting it. We're just trying to streamline things. And I guess by streamline it, they mean helping fraudsters. One of the things we just learned as well this morning, the disasters of Trump's own making, is that the Trump administration has canceled an upcoming meeting of the Food and Drug Administration's Vaccine Advisory Committee, a move that could complicate efforts to produce flu shots in time for the upcoming flu season.


One of the things we're also learning is buy Canada, buy America as Bloomberg reports grocery stores are promoting in Canada are promoting homegrown produce to consumers as 85% of Canadians now hunt for alternatives to US goods. Remember a few weeks back when some of the press was reporting, oh, the boycott's, 10% or 20% of Canadians? I said, Uhuh, I speak to Canadians every day. The Midas Touch Network is the most widely downloaded podcast right now in all of Canada. And I said, I bet you that boycott is more than 50%. I said, it's probably closer to a hundred percent.


Now we're finding out that number is about 85% of Canadians do not want to buy American stuff at grocery stores. Think about when that starts to hit the American economy. It already is one of the numbers that is now the lowest number ever. US pending home sales, the lowest number ever. Didn't Donald Trump say he was gonna make housing more accessible, housing more affordable? And just think about it. That's something he could have jumped in, actually said he was gonna do it on the campaign. You do that, but no, now you're focused on a budget that will give what, $4.5 trillion in tax cuts for billionaires, $800 billion in cuts to Medicaid.


So the billionaires get tax cuts, you get your Medicaid cut, and then you also get the MAGA Republicans to lie to you and say, oh, it doesn't say anything about cutting Medicaid. It doesn't say anything about that at all. But then it actually says $880 billion cuts to the energy and commerce committee's portfolio to which the biggest thing is Medicaid. And you can't cut $880 billion from the energy and commerce's portfolio unless you basically get rid of Medicaid. So they take your Medicaid and then they lie to you because they think you're stupid. And they, that's what they think. That's why they are now canceling the town halls.


The message from GOP leadership right now, maga Mike Johnson and Donald Trump stop with the town halls. That's the order, that's the directive that it's a bad look for the MAGA Republicans stop these town halls. So what does Donald Trump do with all this news? That the economy is tanking, that the markets are volatile, that housing is as least accessible as it's ever been, ever. Here's what Donald Trump does. Trump makes a truth social post this morning saying that he plans to impose tariffs on Canada and Mexico starting next Tuesday, in addition to doubling the 10% universal tariff charged on imports from China.


Now, if you've been confused, he said there was gonna be tariffs and then no tariffs. What is this even about? Was there tariffs? Well, he did steal tariffs like last week or two weeks ago. The these specific tariffs are the one from about, remember 30 days ago or so, Donald Trump threatened that he was going to impose the tariffs that he made the fake deal with Prime Minister Trudeau and then President Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico, Trudeau of Canada. Then they paused it for 30 days after they made the deal. Then Donald Trump says, in a post, drugs are still pouring into our country from Mexico and Canada at very high and unacceptable levels. A large percentage of these drugs, much of them in the form of fentanyl, are made in and supplied by China.


More than a hundred thousand people died last year due to the distribution of these dangerous and highly addictive poisons. Millions of people have died. And so he says, based on, it's like no fentanyl coming in from Canada. By the way, also United States, consumers of fentanyl are part of the cause of it as well. I agree that it is coming from, it is coming from China, America exports its guns though to Mexico and creates a much significantly dangerous situation in Mexico. But this is also why you can't make deals with Donald Trump. You make a deal with him 30 days ago, then he goes and breaks the deal right away, and then he just creates all this volatility and uncertainty. So what we can expect is devastating retaliatory tariffs right now from Mexico, from Canada against the United States, and the rest of the world is going to be taking note as well.


Again that you just can't make any deals with Donald Trump.


We geek out for a minute on something. I think it's gonna be helpful for you. It's called Fatty 15. It's co-founder Dr. Stephanie Vin Watson discovered C 15 as the first essential fatty asset to be found in 90 years while working with the US Navy to improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep our cells healthy, which keeps us healthy. So if you wanna get sciencey about it, studies show that C 15, it works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial function, and protecting us against damaging free radicals. So if you feel like, how could I stop aging faster or I'm sleeping poorly or feeling sluggish? The bottom line is that many of us are deficient in C 15, which results in weaker cells, which results in those things. So fatty 15 is the science back to award-winning vegan and pure C 15 supplement that steps in and helps. It works in multiple ways. It repairs age, age related damage to cells. It protects them from future breakdowns. It boosts mitochondrial energy output and activates pathways in the body that help regulate sleep, mood, natural repair mechanisms that support our overall help. So deeper sleep, smoother functioning joints, healthier hair, skin and nails. That's essential. And the C 15 helps here and fatty 15 deliver. So it comes in these gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jars and refill capsules that are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches made from recycled materials. I love that. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your set, your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/midas and using the code Midas at checkout. That's fatty fifteen.com/midas FA tt Y one five.com/midas. MEI ds. Use that code Midas, that checkout, M-E-I-D-A-S.


Oh, by the way, what else happened this morning? Andrew Tate, who faced rape and sex trafficking charges in Romania was released from Romania to go to the United States. This follows news that we reported on, what was it last week or two weeks ago, that the foreign minister of Romania said this month that an official at the Trump administration expressed interest in The brothers case at the Munich Security Conference and would like to see The brothers be released and given to the United States, not for prison, but to chill, to hang out in the United States with Alina Haba and others in the Trump administration who are like fans of, of this guy.


This caught Ron DeSantis off guard and DeSantis was pissed. So after the Trump administration lobbied to get the alleged sex trafficking Tate brothers travel restrictions lifted to come to Florida, DeSantis is pissed and said, nobody notified him. This happened moments ago. Play this clip. Is he Welcome here? What the state do? The send back Romania or whatever. We have no involvement in that. I read about it through the media. Clearly the federal government has jurisdiction whether they wanna rebuff his entry into the United States, and I have confidence that whether it's Pam Bondi or Christie, no, that they will be looking at that. I do know our attorney general James Meyer is looking at what state hooks and jurisdiction we may have to be able to to deal with this.


But the reality is, is no, Florida is not a place where, where, where you're welcome with that, with those, that type of conduct in the air. And I don't know how it came to this. We were not involved. We were not notified. I found out through the media that this was something that was happening. Okay Guys. And just so you can see, this is Donald Trump's top advisor, Alina Haa, previously with Andrew Tate. Play this clip. Hey. Hello, Alina. Hi. Hello. Nice to meet you. I'm a big fan. Well, nice to meet you. I'm a fan. You're the one saving Trump. You're doing more important work than me, America. America, not just Trump. And I agree with everything you just said. And I think that your anger is the same that President Trump has for our country.


And the time is now for us to stop being wimps. I think that's exactly the right sentiment. And I also have to say that I sympathize with you because I think you go through a lot of the same. Show me the person, I'll find the crime that President Trump has gone through and and Just so you know, the type of guy who Andrew Tate is, or I shouldn't even call him that. Here is what he said about how he takes girls. This is his own words who don't have the will, and he puts them on webcams and takes 100% of their profit so they don't run away. Play this clip. And I became a multimillionaire. I did this by creating a webcam studio by taking girls who didn't know how to be effective on webcam.


Girls who had never done webcam before, girls who didn't have the equipment, didn't have the know how, didn't have the will, didn't have the premises, didn't have the ability to make money with this exchange. I created a system that allowed me to convince girls to do this. Allowed me to retain a hundred percent control of their income, allowed me to make sure they were effective. 'cause it's a super competitive industry. Don't think this is easy money. You're just gonna put a girl on a camera and they're gonna get rich straight away. No, it's very competitive and it's very difficult. I learned every tip and trick it takes to make sure a girl gets paid. I know how to make sure the girl can't run away. 'cause once you teach a girl how to do this, she's the ability to make unlimited money from home. Why would she still give it to you? Why don't she just run off and keep it off for herself?


Why are you getting your percentage? I learned how to do everything to take a nobody and make her a somebody. I learned how to take a nothing turn into a cash cow and betas from all across the world would be sending money into her. My bank account. This is what Webcaming is. So that's who the Trump administration is a big fan of. And you know, because you know that, that that's the type of stuff that Donald Trump would, you know what I mean? What did Trump say? I mean, Trump would say that the most courageous thing he ever did was grab women by their was was when he called grabbing women by their genitals without their consent locker room talk. He said that's the most courageous thing that he did.


Remember when Donald Trump said that? Here play this quote. But I went onto that stage just a few days later and a general who's a fantastic general actually said to me, sir, I've been on the battlefield. Men have gone down on my left and on my right I stood on hills where soldiers were killed. But I believe the bravest thing I've ever seen was the night you went onto that stage with Hillary Clinton after what happened. And then that woman asked you the first question about it, and I said, locker room talk. It's locker room talk. What the hell? Whatcha talking locker room talk? That was not a great Again.


So, so utterly pathetic. Well, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thank you for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libs syn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.