
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to burri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, It's tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%. Vans down 1.7 Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Tracking Always know your car's worth with Carvana value Tracker.


Wow. Donald Trump just wrapped up a disastrous press conference in the Oval Office with Canada's Prime Minister Mark Carney. Just take a look at Prime Minister Carney's face right here. It tells you everything you need to know. Donald Trump was asked by the press, is there anything that Prime Minister Carney could say to you today that you will stop tariff in Canada? Donald Trump says, Nope, you play this clip. Is There anything the Prime Minister can say to you today to change your mind on tariff in Canada? Tariff cars, Tariff Canada? Is there anything he could say to you in the course of your meetings with him today that could get you to lift tariffs on Canada? No. Why not? Just the way it is.


First State next, Donald Trump says that he wishes the press would stop asking him about doing trade deals already. He's saying, stop asking me about the deals here. Play this clip. Simple. It's very simple. So I wish they'd keep a, you know, stop asking, how many deals are you signing this week? Because one day we'll come and we'll give you a hundred deals. And they don't have to sign. All they have to do is say, oh, we'll start sending our ships right now to pick up whatever we want or to bring whatever we want. It's very, Then Donald Trump says that actually the United States does not need to sign any deals because he could simply just make up what he wants the deal to be with a counterpart on his own without even doing negotiations.


So stop asking 'em about deals and we don't even need to make deals here. Play this clip, Andrea, just to finish, we also have a situation 'cause everyone says, when, when, when are you gonna sign deals? We don't have to sign deals. We could sign 25 deals right now Howard, if we want. We don't have to sign deals. They have to sign deals with us. They want a piece of our market. We don't want a piece of their market. We don't care. It should be noted that earlier in the day we had Treasury Secretary Scott Besson testifying on Capitol Hill. He said There have been zero communications with China regarding any trade deals at all. And as I refer to Donald Trump in my videos, I call them no deals.


Donald, never a good negotiator, always a destroyer, never a builder. Speaking of which, Donald Trump tries to do the 51st state bit a little bit here before Prime Minister Kearney. But Prime Minister Kearney's not having it. It's not funny. It's not a bit, you're talking about annexation and threats of war. Prime Minister Kearney says Canada is never ever for sale here. Play this clip. You know, as a real estate developer, you know, I'm a real, real estate developer at heart. When you get rid of that artificially drawn line, somebody drew that line many years ago with like a ruler, just a straight line right across the top of the country. When you look at that beautiful formation when it's together, I'm a very artistic person.


But when I looked at that, but I said that's the way it was meant to be. But you know, it, I just, I do feel it's much better for Canada. But we're not gonna be discussing that unless somebody wants to discuss it. I think that there are tremendous benefits to the Canadian citizens. Tremendously. Lower taxes, free military, which honestly would give you, essentially anyway 'cause we're protecting Canada if you have had a problem. But I think it, you know, it's, it would really be a wonderful marriage because it's, it's two places that get along very well. They like each other a lot. Well, if, if, if I may a, as you know from real estate, there are some places that are never for sale.


That's true. We're sitting in one right now. You know Buckingham Palace that you visited as well. That's true. And having met with the owners of Canada over the course of the campaign last several months, it, it's, it's Not for Sale. It won't be for sale ever. Donald Trump in pathetic, immature fashion, then tries to go, never say never. And Prime Minister Kearney says never never watch this clip. They have, I must say Canada is stepping up the military participation because Mark knew, you know, they were low and now they're stepping it up. And that's a very important thing. But never say never, never say never. Why Then Donald Trump starts to randomly talk about California Governor Gavin Newsom.


Apparently Trump is obsessed with Newsom and Trump is lying and saying that he gave Newsom the water and that there wouldn't be fires if Newsom would've taken the water quicker. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, most people who are really dumb like this are relatively harmless. This one is not play this clip. And they got involved with this project. And Gavin, you know, I always like Gavin had a good relationship with him. I just got him a lot of water. You know, I, I sent in people to open up that water because he refused to do it. And we just got him a lot of water. If they would've had that water and if they would've done what I said to do, they wouldn't have had the fires in Los Angeles.


Those fires would've been put out very quickly. But No, it should be noted that after the fires were fully contained in Los Angeles, Donald Trump sent the Army Corps of Engineers up to kind of central or northern California to release water that would not actually reach Los Angeles. And he released water that was actually necessary for a potentially dry summer season. And he put water into areas where it was absolutely not needed after the fires were contained. So he can claim that he turned on a faucet. It should also be noted that Donald Trump thinks that Canada borders California, because Trump previously talked about opening the faucet or turning on the faucet from Canada into California.


Maybe that's why he is talking about Gavin Newsom. Then Donald Trump in this disastrous Oval Office press conference mentions the other disastrous press conference he had with President Zelinsky, where he goes, oh, we had a little blow up here, play this clip. Very friendly. We're we're not, this is not gonna be like we had another little blow up with somebody else. It was a much different, this is, this is a very friendly conversation, but Donald Trump then goes on to further attack Canada and say, lies about Canada and saying that it is hard to justify subsidizing Canada at all here, play this clip. This is very friendly. We're, we're not, this is not gonna be like we had another little blow up with somebody else that was a much different, this is, this is a very friendly conversation, but we wanna make our own cars.


We don't really want cars from Canada and we put tariffs on cars from Canada and at a certain point it won't make economic sense for Canada to build those cars. And we don't want steel from Canada 'cause we're making our own steel and we're having massive steel plants being built right now as we speak. We really don't want Canadian steel and We don't want Canadian aluminum and various other things because we wanna be able to do it ourself. And we, because of, you know, past thinking of people, we have a tremendous deficit with Canada. In other words, they have a surplus with us and there's no reason for us to be subsidizing Canada.


Canada's a place that will have to be able to take care of itself economically. I assume they can. I will tell you that Trudeau, when I spoke to him, I used to call him Governor Trudeau. I think that probably didn't help his election. But when I spoke to him, I said, so why are we, why are we taking your cars? Why are we taking your, we wanna make 'em more self. I mean, I said, and if the price of your cars went up or if we put a tariff, if we put a tariff on your cars of 25%, what would that mean to you? He said, that would mean the end of Canada. He actually said that to me and I said, that's a strange answer, but I understand his answer.


But no, I mean it's, it's hard to justify subsidizing Canada to the tune of maybe $200 billion a year. We protect Canada militarily and we always will. We're gonna, you know, that's not a money thing that's, but we always will. But you know, it's not fair. But why are we subsidizing Canada $200 billion a year or whatever the number might be. It's a very substantial number and it's hard for the American taxpayer to say, gee whiz, we love doing that. Thank you very much. We're gonna have a very Here, prime Minister Carney makes a strong defense of Canada's sovereignty as Donald Trump is asked by a reporter, what happens if ca if Canadians don't want to be the 51st state?


Would you respect that here, play this clip 51st State if Canadians don't want it, would you respect that? Sure, I would. But this is not necessarily a one day deal. This is over a period of time they have to make that decision. Yes, go ahead. Yeah, If I may, well I, if respectfully Canadians view on this and is not going to change on the 51st state. Secondly, we are the largest client of the United States in, in the totality of all the goods. So we are the largest client in the United States. We have a tremendous auto sector between the two of us and the changes that made have been helpful. You know, 50% of a car that comes from Canada is America.


That's not like anywhere else in the world. And to your question about, is there one thing, no, this is a bigger discussion. True. There are much bigger forces involved and, and this will take some time in some discussions and that's why we're here to have those discussions and that's, that is represented by who's sitting around the table. See The conflict Is more of Donald Trump talking about Gavin Newsom play this clip. I'd love him to run for president on the other side. You know, I'd love to see that. But I don't think he's gonna be running because that one project alone, well that and the fires and a lot of other things pretty much put him out of the race.


Donald Trump says that the United States should now be viewed up, viewed as a super luxury store where you pay more money to deal with the super luxury store. So that's Donald Trump's view of what America is as a super luxury store. Play this clip, I Think my people haven't made it clear, we will sign some deals, but much bigger than that is we're gonna put down the price that people are gonna have to pay to shop in the United States. Think of us as a super luxury store. Luxury, a store that has the goods. You're gonna come and you're gonna pay a price and we're gonna give you a very good price. We're gonna make very good deals and in some cases we'll adjust.


But that's where it is. And we've been ripped off by everybody for 50 years. For 50 years and we're just not gonna do that anymore. We can't do that and we can't let any country do that to us. We're just not Gonna, Donald Trump then brags about the basically complete and total trade embargo with China right now. And he said, because tariffs are now at 145% and you can trade at that amount. He says, we are therefore making I guess $1.1 trillion from China right now. I mean this guy is a dangerous idiot. I mean, are you listening to what he's saying in front of Prime Minister Kearney, play this clip Yourself.


They don't make the money off other countries like this. And they were making, we had a trade imbalance, we had a, a deficit or they had a surplus. Another way of saying it, of more than a trillion dollars. Think of it more than a trillion dollars. And because of 145%, that's the only reason. But because of they have now 145% tariff, there's no trading. You can't trade with 145%. We are therefore making in a certain way, I guess $1.1 trillion. In other words, we're not losing $1.1 trillion a def. Donald Trump has then asked, what's the top concession you want out of Canada?


And then Donald Trump says, friendship, play this clip, Please. What's The top concession you want out of Canada? The top concession you want out Of Canada. Concession? Yes. Friendship. But that's not a concession. Oh, just, I just, we're gonna be friends with Canada regardless of anything. We're gonna be friends with Canada. Canada's a very special place to meet. I know so many people that live in Canada. My parents had relatives that lived in Canada, my mother in particular. And no, I, I love Canada. A lot of, I have a lot of respect for the Canadians, Wayne Gretzky. I mean how good the great one, you happen to have a very, very good hockey player right here on the Capitals who, I have a lot of his, he is a big tough cookie too.


It just broke the record. And he is a great guy. And you know, we had the, we had the team here and I got to know a lot of the players, but now Canada's a very special place. Yeah, please. As Dan Wilkins says, he can recall the name of one hockey player, by the way, Gretzky's, a MAGA guy. And the second one he brings up in the context of Canada is Ovechkin a Russian who plays in Washington, DC Okay, Donald, next up Donald Trump says that he believes that he was the greatest thing to happen to Prime Minister Kearney. Again, Trump is a malignant narcissist.


Play this clip. Thank you very much everybody. It's a great honor to have Prime Minister Mark Carney with us. As you know, just a few days ago, he won a very big election in Canada and I think I was probably the greatest thing that happened to him, but I can't take both credit. They were, his party was losing by a lot and he ended up winning. So I really want to congratulate him. Was one of, probably one of the greatest comebacks in the history of politics, maybe even greater than mine, you know? And then Donald Trump just keeps on talking about former President Obama, let me show you this. Let's play this clip, All this money. But nobody can get these people to do anything.


I mean, look, president Obama. And if he, if I, if he wanted help, I'd give him help. 'cause I'm a really good builder and I build on time, on budget. He's building his library in Chicago. It's a disaster. And he said something to the effect, I only want DEII only want woke. He wants woke people to build it. Well, he got woke people and they have massive cost overruns. The job is stopped. I don't know, it's a disaster. And I don't like that happening because it's, I think it's bad for the presidency that a thing like that should happen. He's got a, a library that's a disaster. And he wanted to be very politically correct and he didn't use good, hard, tough, mean construction workers that, I love Marco, I love those construction workers, but he didn't want construction workers.


He wanted people that like never did it before. And he's got a disaster in his hands. Like millions of dollars, many, many, I mean really many millions of dollars over budget. And I would love to help him with it, but or somebody else. I could recommend professionals, but it was not built in a professional manner. And then finally, to top it all off, Donald Trump says that the United States does not do a lot of business with Canada. From our standpoint, they do a lot of business with us. Play this clip During the campaign. Prime Minister Gar talked about the American Viray. How did you react if did Canada decided not to shop in the American store as much as before and decided to partner with other countries?


Well, we don't do much business with Canada. From our standpoint, they do a lot of business with us Should be noted that in 2024, the United States did over $600 billion in trade with Canada. America's biggest trading partner, including 350 billion in exports and 250 billion in imports. And that's how Donald Trump is treating Canada. I have a feeling that Canada's gonna be elbows up for the foreseeable future, will not be traveling to the United States and will be continuing their boycott of all things American. I think that they see utter weakness in Donald Trump there. I think Prime Minister Kearney was there making a strong statement about Canada's sovereignty.


Although I think we could perhaps even debate the merits of if he should have showed up there or not. I mean, it's just a complete and utter mess. You tell me what you think, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching.


Can't Get Enough Midas, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.