
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine. Thanks to our intellectual property system or IP. For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


Every day. Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create in The average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


Want a website with unmatched power, speed, and control? Try Bluehost Cloud. The new web hosting plan from Bluehost. Built for WordPress creators by WordPress experts with 100% uptime, incredible load times and 24 7 WordPress priority support. Your sites will be lightning fast. With global reach and with Bluehost Cloud, your sites can handle surges and traffic no matter how big. Plus you automatically get daily backups and world-class security. Get started now@bluehost.com.


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be Cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com. Cancel any time terms apply.


One of Donald Trump's biggest promises has officially been broken. Donald Trump said there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. Frankly, he said after the election there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. But If you wanna say 24 hours after the inauguration, well it's 24 hours after the inauguration. There's no peace in Ukraine. We did this montage that I'm not going to play 'cause I don't play Trump audio or video clips here on the Midas Touch Network during my videos. But I have about 15 different clips of Donald Trump promising during his campaign that he would bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. He said he would go to Zelensky and he said, Zelensky, I would say this and I'd go to Putin and I would say this and I'm such a good deal maker that there would be peace immediately.


There would be so much peace. You're not even gonna want all of that peace 'cause there'll be so much peace. Well, that is a promise broken. Yesterday in the Oval Office, Donald Trump was asked as well, so you said that there would be peace in 24 hours. So what about that To which Donald Trump continues to lie and defraud the American people. The ultimate rug puller is Donald Trump. This is what he said yesterday. He goes, well this has only been a half day. I still have one more half day to do it. Well, the half day has passed now and you have not done it. How utterly pathetic. So what does he do? He sends his secretary of state Marco Rubio to go on CBS, which tries to act like it's just a straight down the line media network.


And so then they want to inject disinformation. So watch what Marco Rubio, secretary of State Rubio says when he's asked about the promise that there would be peace in 24 hours, Rubio says, oh no, no. Trump kept the promise. What Trump said he was going to do is simply say that it is official US policy to bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. And he said he wants that. So therefore he kept his promise the ultimate rug polar folks, this is Rubio. Let's play it. Secretary Rubio. One of the many things that President Trump said during his campaign run was that he would end the war, the war in Ukraine on day one.


That did not happen. How do you reconcile with the fact that he made a lot of promises and now it might be up to you and the team to keep these promises? Yeah, like I think the promise the President made really, If you look at it, is it's going to be the priority. It's going to be the official policy of the United States that the war in Ukraine needs to come to an end. It is a stalemate. It's one look, it's a war and it's a conflict that was started by Russia, but it is now a stalemate, a protracted bloody conflict been incredibly destructive, I would argue for both Russia and Ukraine. But Ukraine is, is paying the, the, the biggest price of all to its energy infrastructure, to the people and lives that have lost to the millions of Ukrainians that have had to leave their countries and are living overseas.


The conflict needs to end and it's a policy of the United States that we want it to end. We wanna do everything we can to help it end. And Folks, you may remember the clip I showed of Donald Trump's special envoy to Ukraine, Keith Kellogg, about a week and a half, two weeks ago, where we were reporting here on the Midas Dutch network. Look, they are telling you that this promise will be broken. Keith Kellogg, Donald Trump's special envoy said that they would need at least 100 days, so not 24 hours, 2,400 hours to develop a framework to discuss potential peace and ceasefire in Ukraine. Well, that's not what Donald Trump said, but watch Donald Trump's special envoy, Keith Kellogg.


Walk back Donald Trump's promises, or should I say, admit that it was a lie here, play this clip. What We're do, we'll set the conditions for the president and then he'll eventually get to a position where he'll be talking to President Putin and also a Prime Minister, Zel President Zelinsky as well. And I think they're gonna come to a, a, a solvable solution in the near term. And when I say by the near term, you know, I would like to set a goal on a personal level and professional level. I would say let's edit it a hundred days and move our way back and figure a way we can do this in the, in the near term to make sure that this solution is solid, it's sustainable, and that this war ends to to, and so that we stop the carnage. I think that's gonna be very important to do.


It's gonna be important for our national security. It's a part of our vital natural interest and it's also good for Europe as well, and the globe as well as to as well. Alright, general, Now look, president Biden, fortunately former President Biden was prepared for this. So one of the things that President Biden did before leaving is try to give as much aid to Ukraine as possible. So it could be as best funded as it could possibly be in 2025, also, the United States transferred leadership over Ukraine initiatives away from the United States over to nato because we realized that if Trump and our military was leading it, that would be an absolute disaster.


So here is the chairman of the NATO military committee, Admiral Rob Bauer, explaining that NATO is now assuming responsibility for coordinating military aid to Ukraine. And some of the mechanisms previously that were being organized by the United States have been transferred over to NATO and Europe because President Biden rightfully knew that Donald Trump would be a complete and utter disaster. And he was trying to proof this, stop this, protect this from happening. So watch what the chairman of the NATO military Admiral Rob Bauer has to say here, play this clip framework After Washington is to, to to, to transfer some of the things that were organized by the US now into nato, the SAG U, the IDCC.


Those were, that was a group of nations helping Ukraine. Now NATO is taking over that responsibility and the United States has agreed to that.


Today's episode is brought to you by Ollie Clean, fresh nutrition. Your dog needs in five incredible flavors. They'll absolutely flip over finger p real Whole Foods with minimal processing. It's one of the best choices you can make for their health. In fact, studies show that a perfectly portioned fresh food diet can extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who doesn't want more time with their best friend? Let me tell you about my pup mochi. She's a bundle of energy and love, but finding the right food has always been a challenge. Either it's filled with all these questionable fillers or let's face it, she's a very stubborn shihtzu who is very picky about what she eats and has very high standards. But with Ali, that's all changed. Their meals are made in US kitchens with fresh, carefully sourced ingredients and absolutely no harmful fillers or preservatives because Ali gently cooks their food and delivers it fresh. There's no need for shelf life, extending preservatives, just clean, wholesome nutrition. Ali offers five protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries, and fresh lamb with cranberries. Honestly, every time I open LLI pack, I think, wow, is my dog eating better than I am? And let's be real. She probably is. Here's how it works. You take Ollie's 32nd quiz to tell 'em about your dog, their weight, activity level, and health needs. Ollie then uses that info to create a personalized meal plan with expert recommendations. First timers will get a starter box with two weeks worth of meals and a guy transitioning your pup to their new diet. Plus you can customize your plan with options like a full fresh plan, a topper plan, and even freshly baked recipes. Hey, they've got treats and supplements too, by the way. Give your pup a fresh start this new year with Ollie. Head to Ollie dot com slash midas, tell them all about your dog, and use that code Midas to get 60% OFF your FIRST BOX of meals when you subscribe today. And don't worry, Ali offers a clean bowl guarantee on the first box. If you're not completely satisfied, you'll get your money back. That's OLLI e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And use that code Midas for 60% off your first box. Start your dog's New Year off right with Ali.


By the way, even a few weeks before that, one of the things President Biden did was transfer control to NATO of air defenses surrounding Russia, where the US was in control of it in places like Poland, made sure that NATO would have control over that, which was an important move to try to trump proof assistance not just to Ukraine, but to Eastern Europe as well. Now If you wanna see how our adversaries are maneuvering right now, let's take a look at what happened yesterday. So at the exact moment that Donald Trump was inaugurated, president Xi Jingping declared a readiness to bring China and Russia ties to new heights in a call with Putin.


So Trump's being inaugurated, Xi Jinping rejects Trump's offer to show up at Trump's inauguration. Xi Jinping then calls up Putin and hears what goes down. Just think about what's going on geopolitically here and the message that Xi Jinping and Putin are sending to Donald Trump and other nations as well. Chinese President Xi Jinping declared readiness to lead China Russian relations to a new height together with Russian president Vladimir Putin. The Kremlin's press service reported on January 21st after a video call between the two leaders, by the way, timed to embarrass Trump's inauguration.


The call took place shortly after the inauguration of Donald Trump. China has deepened its ties with Russia since the start of Kremlin's full scale war against Ukraine has become Moscow's leading source of dual use goods that feed the Russian defense industry. Beijing has nevertheless denied accusations of supporting Russia's military effort. In the call with Putin G added that China is ready to stand with Russia to quote face external uncertainties based on maintaining the stability and stress, resistance of China, Russia relations for the prosperity of the two countries, international justice and equality.


In other words, f you Donald Trump. But Trump is too stupid to realize the message and the maneuvering going on by our adversaries who smell Donald Trump's stench of weakness. The Chinese president stressed that bilateral cooperation between Beijing and Moscow is gradually expanding and that joint trade is trending upward. Putin, in turn noted a 7% increase in trade between the two countries, which amounts to more than $220 billion. The Russian president also called China's Russia's leading trading partner. China is the largest consumer of Russian energy resources. We hold the first place in terms of oil exports to China.


Five years ago, together with you, we launched the power of Siberia gas pipeline, and today Russia has taken first place in natural gas supplies to China. So while Russia and China are making alliances and strengthening alliances across their borders, you have Donald Trump saying that on February 1st there will be 25% tariffs placed on Canada and Mexico. Now, as I've reported before, during the G 20 summit in November, the Mexican president, Claudia Scheinbaum, was not supposed to meet with Xi Jingping because of what Donald Trump was doing.


President Claudia Scheinbaum met with President Xi Jingping and took photographs with Xi Jingping. Again, it's subtle or should not be all that subtle, but she was sending a message perhaps Trump too stupid to recognize it, that If you push us United States, this is the alliance that we are going to form. As China builds out its Silk Road number two program, we will form alliances there as China and Russia are expanding the bricks block, while Donald Trump attacks our NATO allies. It should be noted as well that Donald Trump has put a 90 day moratorium on foreign military aid, which would impact Ukraine.


However, president Biden did try to get as much aid to Ukraine as possible to ensure that when Trump would make maneuvers, it wouldn't sting Ukraine right away. It was called the reevaluating and realigning United States Foreign Aid executive order right there. But that's what's going on geopolitically. Okay, so I want you to think if Trump does impose these tariffs on Canada and China, which I expect he'll do, I want you to think about Will, sorry, on Mexico and Canada, but he's also gonna impose tariffs on China and Europe.


Think about the alliances that are going to be formed to isolate the United States. There you have it. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million and let's stay focused on Trump's promises broken. These are minor promises. These were central to his campaign. Lies, lies, lies. But what would you expect with a liar in chief? What else would you expect? Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.