
Donald Trump and the Trump campaign's top surrogate is behaving horrifically since the announcement that Kamala Harris would be at the top of the Democratic ticket, not just making a fool of herself. She's exposing the hate and vileness that permeates this Trump campaign, as in and is embodied in Donald Trump. This top surrogate's name is Laura Loomer. And Donald Trump always brags that his political enemies get loomed, is what he likes to say. And that's when Laura Loomer, his surrogate attacks, his political opponents. Lemme just show you this quick clip of Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago saying, you don't want To get loomed by Laura Loomer. Then I'm gonna show you what it is that she's saying about Vice President Kamala Harris.


So first, let me just show you the relationship that Trump and Loomer have here play this clip. We have a lot of great friends and a lot of great people. Laura, how are you? You look so beautiful as always. That's a woman with courage. You don't wanna be, you don't wanna be lure. If you're lure, you're in deep trouble. That's the end of your career, in a sense. Thanks, Laura. And I'm gonna show you more about that relationship in a little bit. But I just want To get into some of the things that she is writing. Now, I want to give you a trigger warning, because this is some hateful and disgusting defamatory statements. I am providing you this information because she is a surrogate for Donald Trump. And these are the things that MAGA is saying right now, and it is newsworthy And.


we have to be fearless here at the Midas Touch Network and reporting on these things. So there's a lot of defamatory statements and, and horrific language. I want to give you that trigger warning. Here's what Laura Loomer's now posting. She goes, did you know that Kamala Harris was once an escort and that she got her career started giving, she says another word for oral sex to successful rich black men. She sucked. I I can't even go on and, and, and say some of these things. While he was a married man, he or she is da. You know, you can see she has a no issue with being an escort and a side piece all an all around hoe over her career.


I, I just, it's, it's hard for me to even read this. I just think you have to know that this is what Donald Trump and MAGA is promoting. And Laura Loomer is a top person in maga. Here's just Laura Loomer post, post, post like this. Laura Loomer also says this, Kamala Harris isn't black. And again, she is a top surrogate undisputed for Donald Trump. And again, just further defamation against Vice President Harris, Laura Loomer also posts we cannot and should not accept having a drug using prostitute as our president. We need to have standards here in our country.


Laura Loomer saying we need to have standards here in our country after she is make, makes. I can't even read the rest of these statements. And like, I could go on and on and on. Just reading them to you is, is hard for me to do. I think we have to know this is what they are saying in Mag. Just so you see Donald Trump, you know, frequently reposts Laura Loomer's stuff in the past when she goes after the judge's daughters and the judges family members and the judge's wife. And she spreads deranged conspiracies that Trump was not doing as well as he was supposed to do in Iowa because his political opponents like DeSantis and, and Nikki Halley were controlling the weather and they were working with DARPA to control the weather patterns, like she says, things like that.


And yet Donald Trump brings her to Mar-a-Lago and basically says, you know, you know she's the best. You know, she's, she, she, we, we think that she's critical to the MAGA movement. Here is Donald Trump and Laura Loomer together to show you this Play the clip. Hey everybody. We're here at Bedminster. I'm with the greatest president ever President Donald Trump, who is killing it right now. There's a new poll out, right? You're crushing it. You're up over 50 points and it's a beautiful day here. Beautiful club. It's my first time here at Bedminster. Well, it's great to have you and you've been really very special. You work hard and you are, you are a very opinionated lady. I have to tell that.


And in my opinion, I like that. Well, I appreci that. I appreciate that. Appreciate all of your support and you can. Terrific. And everybody appreciates you, sir. Yes. Thank You, thank you, thank you. Thank you so much for inviting me to sit with you today. It's a pleasure. You're the best. I love you. And here's Donald Trump at his various speeches and he does this in, in multiple speeches. He's given her shout outs and says how great he thinks she is. Here. Play this clip. Really taking the country by storm. Very powerful person, very strong person, very courageous person. A warrior. Laura Loomer. Laura, where are you? Thank you Laura. Great job. You do.


I've been trying to lead a heart healthy lifestyle, but finding the energy to keep up with healthy changes like getting my steps in, it's been an uphill battle. We often think living a more heart healthy life means making big unsustainable changes. Well, with SuperBeets heart chew, you can get daily blood pressure support in just two tasty chews a day. And they even promote heart healthy energy without the stimulants paired with a healthy lifestyle, the antioxidants and SuperBeets are clinically shown to be nearly two times more effective at promoting normal blood pressure than a healthy lifestyle alone. My energy levels are higher than ever now without typical dips from coffee and energy drinks. It's fantastic to support my blood pressure and still have the energy for more physical activity. It's a win-win. Double your potential with SuperBeets Hard shoes. Get a free 30 day supply of SuperBeets hard shoes on all bundles and 15% off your first order by going to GETSUPERBEETS dot com. And use code Midas. That's get super BEET s.com code Midas.


You know, and then with, with all of that, you know, I am reminded by what Nikki Halley had to say about Donald Trump. First and foremost, when Nikki Halley said about Donald Trump's gonna lose and there's gonna be a woman president, she predicted that. Let me show you Nikki Halley saying that. Let's play. And if Donald Trump is the nominee, mark my words, we will see a president Kamala Harris. Here's Nikki Haley making additional statements about Donald Trump play it. Times change and so has Trump. He's gotten more unstable and unhinged. If. you mock the service of a combat veteran.


You don't deserve a driver's license, let alone being president of the United States. He was thin skinned and easily distracted. It's not normal to spend $50 million in campaign contributions on personal court cases. It's not normal to threaten people who back your opponent. Donald Trump is turning the Republican Party into his own playpen where it's all about him. He's not qualified to be the president of the United States. Here was an interview with Kamala Harris, vice President Harris when she was confronted with some of the statements that Donald Trump had been making about her in the past.


Here, Play the clip, We have a criminal living in the White House. And there is no question that in 2020, the biggest issue before us until we get to that tender moment is justice is on the ballot. And what we saw today is Ambassador Sandlin, by his own words, told us that everyone was in the loop. That means it is a criminal enterprise engaged in by the president from what we heard today, the Vice president, the Secretary of State, and the chief of staff. And so this not only points to the corrupt nature of this administration and the need for these impeachment proceedings to go forward, but it also points to another issue.


And back to the question that you asked earlier, which is what does this mean for the American people? 'cause what it means when I Watch this, is that there are clearly two different set of rules for two different groups of people in America. The powerful people who with their arrogance think they can get away with this. And then everybody else. Because here's the thing, for those working people who are working two and three jobs, if they don't pay that credit card by the end of the month, they get a penalty for the people who don't pay their rent, they get evicted. For the people who shoplift, they go to jail. We need the same set of rules for everybody. And part of the reason I'm running for president is to say that we have to, to bring justice back to America for all people and not just for some, You know, I certainly think that there is a renewed sense of energy out there right now.


And I just wanted to share this with you. It's very hard for me to even read these things to you, but that's what the MAGA movement, it's important that we educate ourselves. And, we have this data set that we know oh her because she's gonna have a major role in the, she'll have a major role there. Oh, we did this video at Midas Touch, we showed you, here are the people Trump surrounds himself with. Here is what it's gonna look like if, if he were to be elected. He, this is his administration. Like we should talk about that too. Play the clip. Donald Trump Reacting to reports about what a second term would look like. He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no. Other than day one, Before I get chased out of town with my Trump party, we're gonna deport 10 million people in growing.


But kids in cages is gonna be glorious. This is why we're tyrannical. This is why we're dictators. We will go out and find the conspirators, not just in government, but in the media. Yes, we're gonna come after you. The elephant in the room, which is pornography. Whenever America bans that which will be happening at some point, everyone will be much better off. For people who know their Bible, this is exactly what the prophets told us. Transgender black Marxists are seeking the overthrow of the United States and the dissolution of the traditional family. Neutral laws will be used to crush us. Write the law so it protects your friends and harms the bad guys.


When Democrats break the law, you bring it smashing down on them. I think you can only serve an office If. you were actually born in this country, not a birthright citizen anchor baby like Nikki Haley. But I don't want people like that in our country, let alone in our Congress. If, you want to save this country. There is going to have to be a third great awakening. We are in the process of the Second American Revolution, which will remain bloodless if the left allows it to be. By the way, I don't know, If, you saw this, the Democratic governor of Kentucky, Andy Beshear, who's on the shortlist to be Kamala Harris's vp.


Here's what he had to say about JD Vance being a phony player. And I want the American people to know what a Kentuckian is and what they look like. Because let me just tell you that JD Vance ain't from here. Know it. The nerve that he has to call the people of Kentucky, of Eastern Kentucky. Lazy. Listen, these are the hardworking coal miners that that powered the industrial revolution, that created the strongest middle class the world has ever seen powered us through two world wars. We should be thanking them, not calling them lazy. Well, let me know what you think, folks. I'm sorry I had to even read that to you.


I just thought it was important to report what it is they're saying in in MAGA world. 'cause I know you're not gonna see that anywhere else. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.