(1s):
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50, 15, 15, 15, 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.

(31s):
Donald Trump is not going to like this. Vice President Kamala Harris is blitzing the airwaves ahead of Tuesday's. Debate. She just released the following ad and here's how she describes it. Take it from the people who worked for him. Donald Trump is a danger to our troops, our security, and our democracy. He should never again stand behind the seal of the president of the United States. Watch our new ad, watch this compelling ad, play it In 2016, Donald Trump said he would choose only the best people to work in his White House. Now those people have a warning for America.

(1m 11s):
Trump is not fit to be president again. Here's his vice president. Anyone who puts themself over the constitution should never be president of the United States. It should come as no surprise that I will not be endorsing Donald Trump this Year, his defense secretary. Do You think Trump can be trusted with the nation's secrets ever again? No. I mean, it's just irresponsible action that places our service members at risk, places our nation's security at risk. His national security advisor, Donald Trump, will cause a lot of damage. The only thing he cares about is Donald Trump and the nation's highest ranking military officer. We Don't take an oath to a king or a queen or to a tyrant or a dictator, and we don't take an oath to a wannabe dictator.

(1m 52s):
Take it from the people who knew him best. Donald. Trump is a danger to our troops and our democracy. We can't let him lead our country. Again, I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message In their very own words. Those are the people who worked closest with Donald Trump, a powerful ad. Also, vice President Kamala Harris's campaign just released this powerful ad highlighting her work, building an economy from the middle out and bottom up play This clip. This election is about two very different visions for our nation. One focused on the future and the other focused on the past.

(2m 32s):
When the middle class is strong, America is strong. Lowering the cost of living will be a defining goal of my presidency. I'll lower the cost of insulin and prescription drugs for everyone, and I will work to pass the first ever federal ban on price couching on food. More than 100 million Americans will Get a tax cut. We will end America's housing shortage by building 3 million new homes and rentals that are affordable for the middle class. Together we'll build an economy where everyone can compete and have a real chance to succeed.

(3m 14s):
Now is the time to chart a new way forward. I'm Con Harris and I approve this message. By the way, this is all going up right now across swing states. They're pouring tens of millions of dollars behind this each and every hour right now until the debate. And here, vice President Kamala Harris released this powerful ad that I think you will enjoy as well. Play this clip. We all know costs are too high, but while corporations are gouging families, Trump is focused on giving them tax cuts. But Kamala Harris is focused on you. Building up the middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency.

(3m 58s):
She'll make groceries more affordable by cracking down on price gouging and she'll cut housing costs by taking on corporate speculators. Middle class families build America. We need a leader who has their back. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Then there are a lot of other groups right here who are doing some incredible work. Like the Republican voters against Trump. They took out an $11.5 million swing state ad blitz with this ad highlighting former Trump voters who are now voting for Vice President Kamala Harris in 2024. This is airing in swing States ahead of the debate.

(4m 38s):
Play the clip. I'm a two time Trump voter In 2024. I cannot support Donald Trump. Trump is 100% Responsible for January 6th. There's treatment Of women. It's just Disgusting. Trump called service men, suckers and losers. If Trump has a second term, it will Be much worse than the first. Kamala Harris is a prosecutor. He's a convicted felon. In 2024, I will be, I will be. I will be proudly voting for Kamala Harris. Republican accountability. PAC is responsible for the content of this advertising. And then of course, our friends at the Lincoln project out with a bunch of new incredible ads like this one. It's called Cruel Play the clip Hope.

(5m 21s):
Gus and Gwen, you are my entire world and I love you. Some say of Donald Trump and the MAGA movement that the cruelty is the point. They're right. When Governor Tim Waltz took to the stage of the DNC, he showed us not only a proud vision for America, but a deep love for his family. Building an America that's better, more compassionate is personal. For Tim Waltz, whose son Guss has special needs, Gus exploded with love for his father. After he took the stage, The camera caught him. So incredibly proud of you. So emotional saying, that's my Dad. I'm grateful I got to experience it, and I'm I'm so proud of him.

(6m 2s):
It was a wonderful moment for any decent person watching. But mag is anything but decent insults, mockery. These are the voices of Trump's enablers, the people who make up Donald Trump's movement. What kind of people taunt a disabled child trumps people? It's time to ask, is this who you are? Is this how you're raising your children? Is this what you want from a president? Here's another one that's airing from the Lincoln Project. It's called Job One Play. This America's national security, a president's first job to protect our nation from all enemies foreign and domestic.

(6m 44s):
In a dangerous world, Kamala Harris has sworn to do just that. Her commitment is clear. I will never waver in defense of America's security and ideals because in the enduring struggle between democracy and tyranny, I know where I stand and I know where the United States belongs. I will ensure America always has the strongest, most lethal fighting force in the world. And to uphold America's solemn promise to honor our veterans, And I will fulfill our sacred obligation to care for our troops and their families.

(7m 29s):
And I will always honor and never disparage their service and their sacrifice. Kamala Harris, for President for a Stronger, safer America.

(7m 44s):
Let's talk about time savers for a second. Time is everything in. the last thing I want to worry about while I'm making videos for might as touch is having to wait in line at the post office just to overpay for postage. So if you're running a business or just want a ship and mail like you're in the 21st century, can I introduce you to STAMPS dot com? It's the Times Saver you didn't know you needed, but you need. STAMPS dot com isn't just for small business mailings. Whether you're a small startup or a multi-location organization, STAMPS dot com handles all your mailings and shipping needs wherever and whenever you need it. If you sell products online, it seamlessly connects with every major marketplace in shopping cart. Think of STAMPS dot com as your 24 7 post office. You can take care of mailing and shipping right from your computer or phone anytime day or night. No lines, no traffic, no waiting. All you need is a computer and a printer and get this. They even send you a free scale. Now, I know the cost of postage increased in July, but here's the kicker. STAMPS dot com offers some crazy discounts. We're talking up to 89% off USPS and UPS rates. That's some serious savings. So here's the deal. Sign up at STAMPS dot com and enter code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a free digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts. That's STAMPS dot com. Use the code Midas and get that deal right Now.

(9m 10s):
Here's another one from the Lincoln Project called Insults. Let's play it. Don't get personal talk about policy, but I try and be nice to people. You know It. What about Christie? He's a fat pig. The problem with Ron Dessan harmonious is that he needs a personality transplant and those are not yet available. Little rocket man, little Marco. Little Marco, Dutch lying, disgusting people. We have a bunch of losers. The losers. This guy is a loser. Was the loser. That's right. Losers. It's a failing pile of garbage. Crack head, little pencil, neck. Adam Schiff. She's got the smallest thinnest neck I've ever seen.

(9m 51s):
She doesn't have the looks. She doesn't have the stamina. I'm a better looking person than Kamala. Have you heard her laugh? That is the laugh of a crazy person. He's a sleeping son of a bitch. Oh, no, Christie's, he's eating right now. He can't be wrong. Hey, I know you're not thinking. You never do. I'm sorry. You are a rude, terrible person. I don't have a lot of respect for her. don don't have a lot of respect for her intelligence. I don't know what I said. I don't remember. He's a pussy. I think I'm entitled to personal attacks. And here's one from the Lincoln Project called record Play the clip.

(10m 34s):
Democrats get things done. The Dow hit an all time high yesterday. We're seeing historic job growth, the largest investment in clean energy in the history of the world. Illegal crossings down 54%. We will never give up. We will never Concede. 40 of his 44 cabinet officials wouldn't support it. I will not be endorsing Donald Trump. That's just the beginning. D, defend Trump. He's on the line for $600 million barred from business in New York for three years.

(11m 22s):
I don't care about you. I just want your vote, don. Don't care. We are not going Back. Here's one from the Lincoln Project called Danger. Yeah, they're prolific. They're making a lot of ads. Play it. Donald. Trump is a convicted felon and if elected, He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no. Other than day one, He's a danger to this country. I did something that nobody thought was possible. He Will abolish your rights. I got rid of Roe v. Wade. He's a danger to our democracy. I need 11,000 votes. Gimme a break. There's nothing wrong with saying that you've recalculated. He's a danger to national security. I'm gonna bomb the shit out Of him.

(12m 2s):
He's a danger to our safety. We are watching capital get defaced over a lie. We will never give up. We will never concede. I am your retribution. This is not like last time A vote for Donald. Trump may mean the last election that you ever get to vote in In four years. You don't have to vote again. We'll have it fixed. So good. You're not gonna have to vote. The danger is real. In a historic decision, the Supreme Court ruled that presidents have immunity from prosecution. They've just given him a license for dictatorship. And here's one from the Lincoln Project called Stolen Valor. Play the clip. Donald Trump is a draft dodger, a coward.

(12m 44s):
I had deferments because of college like a lot of people did. Numerous deferments because of, because of college. When 58,000 men gave their lives in Vietnam. Trump was the spoiled rich kid who faked bone spurs. I had a Foot thing and I Get a deferment for that. He mocked men who fought bragging that cruising New York for sex and avoiding STDs was his own Vietnam. It is your personal Vietnam as it Is my personal. It is. You've said that many Times. I feel like a great and very brave soldier. Trump Called veterans suckers and losers. He mocked. POW. John McCain. He is a war hero. Five and a half years. He's a war hero. 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. Okay, Donald Trump, a coward, a criminal.

(13m 28s):
I always wanted to get the Purple heart. This was much easier. Stand up for America. If When we fight, we Win. Finally, here's one from the Lincoln Project called Failures. Play it. Donald. They were wrong. Susie Wiles. Chris Lata. Tony the pollster. They got it wrong. President Joe Biden has just announced that he is dropping out of the 2024 presidential race. They told you that Biden would never quit that. You should spend all that time, all that money, so much money focusing on Biden, how he's too old now. It's Harris. She's younger than you by a lot.

(14m 9s):
Faster on her feet, better than Biden was on camera. They were wrong, but they're wrong A lot wrong that Vance would help you. You know he's terrible. Wrong that you have the race sewn up. It's sad, Donald. They spend more time trying to keep you under control than trying to win more time. Trying to keep you from looking at what they're spending, what they're doing behind your back. Sad. Maybe you're losing your grip, Donald. Maybe you're the only one who could run your campaign if Susie and Chris got it so wrong on Biden. What else have they screwed up? Well, there you have it. Which one was your favorite? Let me know in the comments below. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together.

(14m 49s):
Thanks for watching. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.