
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withable bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


So when I ask what is odu, what comes to mind? Well, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say, OO is like a magic beans stock because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. But then again, you could look at OO in terms of how its individual Software programs are a lot like building blocks. I mean whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is odu? Well, I guess ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a fertilizer magic beans stock building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that ODU is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@oo.com. That's od o o.com.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on am mo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes and you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself an ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power equipment featuring all steel frames and adjustable handlebar oversized wheels and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. A bladed mower can't visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


He had more guts and balls than you because he said, I'm not gonna send in the uniform military to do something that I know and my gut isn't right. That was Democratic Senator Slotkin cross-examining Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth and telling him, you don't have any balls. You pathetic vile human being. You Democrats were not holding back at all. Let me show you that full exchange. When Democratic Senator Slotkin looks at Hegseth and tells him that he does not have balls, play this clip, Giving that order to your predecessor to a Republican Secretary of Defense who I give a lot of credit to because he didn't accept the order. He had more guts and balls than you because he said, I'm not gonna send in the uniform military to do something that I know and my gut isn't right.


He was asked to shoot at their legs. He wrote that in his book. That's not hearsay. There was another part of that incredible cross-examination by Democratic Senator Slotkin. Let's play it. They can arrest all day long. That's the job. Do they have the ability, the uniform military to arrest and protestors? Currently today I It's a yes or no thing authority. It's sort of, it's sort of amusing the extent to which the speculation is out there. These troops are given very clear orders To then what is the order then list it out for us. It's all be a listed out. It's all Did you authorize them to detain or arrest? That is a fundamental issue of democracy. I'm, I'm not trying to be a snot here. I'm just trying to get the actual Did you authorize them to do that?


All of these orders and they're, and what they're sent there to do are public. They're there to, okay, So say it. So say it, yes or no. I'd like to Please yes or no. Did you, as I've said time and time again through interruption, they're there to protect law enforcement officer. Do they Have the ability to Arrest officers? We're trying to do their job. Okay. Deporting illegals who have, were allowed in by the previous administration. So they cannot arrest and detain citizens of the United States, the uniform military as we've, is That stated if necessary in their own self-defense? They could temporarily. Okay. Detain and hand over to ice. Have you? But there's no given arresting going on. Have you? And you know this better than have you, you're trying to play political Games. Military, there's no arresting Use cyber of US personnel have tools of the US military against members of the protest.


Have you authorized US military cyber tools to investigate people participating in these protests? Yes or no? Certainly in no way that I'd be aware of. Okay. That's good. I love that answer. That's great. Have you given Next you have Democratic Senator Hirono and he or she's cross-examining Pete Heif and she asks if ordered by the president to shoot peaceful protestors in the legs, would you carry it out? I think as Julia Davis says, can you just answer no. But notice that Hegseth refuses to answer here. Play this clip If worded by the president, I'm gonna ask you once again to shoot peaceful protestors in the leagues.


Would you carry out such an order from the president Senator? As I've said before, of course I reject the premise of your question and the characterization that I would be given or are given unlawful ful orders consider it's all meant me to attempt to smear the commander in chief. My work fall for it. Considering considering the president in his first term actually ordered such a thing. It is not a premise that you can reject. He can order do the same thing. So you're again, I think you would just follow what the President wants you to do. Let's face it. Next up you have Democratic Senator Tim Kane. Here he is cross-examining Pete Heif about changing the name of American military basis.


Back to the name of Confederate traitors. And Senator Kane has the family members, the descendants of some of the people who the bases are now named after, who are going to have their names removed to bring back in the confederate traitors here, play this clip Civil War. Why did you decide that these four patriots were not worthy enough to have their names on a base? Well Senator, as you know, this was never about the names of the bases they were renamed to. So, So you don't, don't challenge All base restoring all bases to their original names. To The Confederate were not about era his You wanted to, you don't care about their military record.


You wanted to restore the confederate names When you called the Greg family to tell them that you were their dad's name was no longer gonna be on the base. What was their reaction? Senator? The Army notified them of that. You, you, You didn't call any of the families. And I've spoken with the families and the families were called by the press. That's how they learned about this. They learned about it from the press. You didn't call the Barfoot family, the Greg family and you didn't call the Adams family. I told the families I'd ask you about this today. In fact, two of general Greg's granddaughters, Avery and Sidney are right here in the audience. And I want to ask you this as I close. While you announced that these brave men and women's names would be stripped from the Virginia bases, no orders to that effect have been received by the base commanders.


In light of the patriotic service of Van Barfoot, Arthur, Greg, charity, Adams and Mary Walker, I'd like to ask you simply not to issue the orders changing the names of these Virginia bases. These families, my commonwealth are very proud of these heroes. Very satisfied with these names and ask you not to change 'em. Will you honor these exemplary patriots and keep their worthy names in places on the basis they loved and where they served? Well, Senator, we very much thank and appreciate them for their service and we'll find ways to recognize 'em. But the orders will soon be going to those bases to change the names back to the original name. That never should have been changed, But But you have the power to to not send those earnings.


They haven't gone out yet. Correct. Thank You, judge Senator, your time has expired. Senator Craig. Next up in this cross-examination of Hegseth by Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren Heif admits that the Trump regime will not be following orders of any court other than the Supreme Court. Thus they will not be following district court and court of appeals orders. If you listen to what he's saying here, play this clip. How many troops can you deploy domestically before you start to cut into our readiness internationally? As I said, previous administrations deployed our National Guard all around the globe in numbers far beyond what we were capable of supporting tell.


So limited contingency inside the United States to protect federal law enforcement is You to remove troops from American city streets. Will you do so? I can you repeat the question, please? Yes. If Supreme Court orders you to remove troops from American cities, will you do so? As I've said, Senator, I don't believe district courts should determine national security policy, but if not Supreme, Supreme Court rules on a topic, we will abide by that. Oh, here's the cross exam by Democratic Senator Peters of Heg syphilis play It meaning military actions in Yemen. So given your focus on accountability, how will you demonstrate this accountability to the men and women in the US military?


If the Inspector General finds that you improperly disclosed information, That assessment is pending at this time. That is a hypothetical question, but the gentleman's time is expired. I think your answer is clear. You are not gonna be held accountable. Thank Thank you very much. Senator Peters. Senator Mullen Talking about accountability. I wonder who was held accountable for the disastrous withdrawal outta Afghanistan. Yeah, so that would be a no right there. Here is Democratic Senator Duckworth laying into HEGs.


Let's play it. A colleague from Oklahoma, I believe the Secretary of Defense has just responded last week and admitted that the $1 billion mission that he led against the Houthis who do not have a Navy, has not restored the transit of US flag commercials vessels through the Red Sea, and in fact has resulted in the loss of two F 18 hornets to the tune of $200,000,060 million a piece. As well as I believe the last count was seven Reaper drones to the tune of another, another $200 million. You are blowing through money like my cadet fellow cadets and I did in our first liberty after basic camp. Luckily I didn't end up with a questionable tattoo.


Your failures, Mr. Secretary, since you've taken office, has been staggering. You sent classified operational information over signal to chest thump in front of your wife, who by the way has no security clearance. Risking service member lives in the process. You blew the $1,000,001 billion fight against the Houthis, whom again, as my colleague says, has no Navy. And yet you lost all of those aircraft. You've created such a hostile command environment that no one wants to serve as your chief of staff or work with you in other senior lead DOD leadership roles. But what we should all be talking about more than all of this is that you have an unjustified un-American misuse of the military and American cities pulling resources and attention away from core missions to the detriment of the country, the war fighters, and yes, the war fighting that you claim to love.


I don't know if this is because you are too inexperienced and incompetent to understand the real threats facing our country, or if it's because you're just an unqualified yes man who can't tell the president how to keep Americans safe. You are focusing on renaming basis for Confederate generals. You said just now to Senator King, that to a man and to a woman, we would rather be associated with the old Confederate names. Well, I am one of those women I served at Fort Rucker, Alabama, a base that was named for a traitor who took arms against the United States of America, led troops to killed Americans. It was renamed from Mike Novacel, a Medal of Honor recipient who in his citation for the Medal of Honor, includes that he saved 29 American lives to include hovering backwards in a helicopter towards an enemy bank bunker where a wounded American was laying and saved that and saved that person, including after being taken fire himself.


I know a little something about what it takes to fly a helicopter when you've been hit by enemy fire. That was hero. I'd rather be associated with Mike Novacel than a failed Confederate traitor. I don't know whether you are inexperienced or too incompetent, but I wonder when you were actually focused on our nation's war fighting mission, we know that California is just a deliberate, systematic political and s campaign led by you. We should not be using our military to pay cops against Americans General Kane as chairman.


You know what's really getting under my skin these days? The price of everything. I mean seriously, gas prices are high. Food shopping feels like I'm emptying my bank account with every trip. And don't even get me started on how expensive hearing aids can be. Now, I've looked into them before for my family members and the price tag, it's just insane. It's like they think that we all have money growing from money trees or something in our backyards, but I have some good news. Did you know MD hearing has actually cut their prices in half despite everything getting more expensive? I'm not kidding. This podcast is sponsored by MD Hearing and they are changing the game when it comes to hearing aids. They make high quality, easy to use, rechargeable hearing aids with exceptional sound quality, all personalized to your hearing profile. And guess what? MD hearings, neo rechargeable digital hearing aids are now only $297 for a pair that's more than 90% less than what you'd pay at a clinic. What's even better than neo fits right inside your ear. So it's practically invisible. And if that's not enough, MD hearing just launched the Neo Xs their smallest hearing aid yet now my uncle has been using MD hearing for a while and let me tell you, he could hear so much better. The quality is just a game changer for him and he absolutely loves them at just $297 for a pair. You're getting something that's as good as those other brand names, but way more affordable. And here's what other people are saying too. Edward s called MD hearing the best hearing aid that I've used at any price. And Robert p from Texas said, these are the best hearing aids that you can buy. MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many people needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. So he made it his mission to create affordable high quality hearing aids. They've sold over 2 million devices and they offer a 45 day risk free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with total confidence. Still not convinced MD hearing was just selected to be hearing aid supplier for top Medicare advantage plans. So you know they're a brand that you can trust, get the high quality affordable hearing aids you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus you'll get a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast. That's shop md hearing.com and use our promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


Another powerful moment by Democratic Senator Hirono play this clip. Do you plan to unleash this lethal force against US citizens and civilians in LA and other cities? Well, Senator, I would reject most of the characterization of that statement including a lethality against US cities. When all of those guard United Marines have protect, have conducted themselves with the U utmost of professionalism, defending our federal agents, Americans, well we, we deserve to be able to do their job, have to deport illegal immigrants after the previous administration, about 21 million illegals to our our board, to our core responses.


I would like to have a professional response that I would expect from somebody who is the Secretary of Defense Going Back to Democratic Senator Duckworth right here. Instead Of patrolling American neighborhoods and standing in front of federal buildings, they should be rehearsing call for fire emissions. We have local police who can stand in front of those federal buildings and the list of distractions goes on. You are encouraging the DOD workforce to go work for DHS in increasing numbers. You're pulling the military away from facing foreign enemies who literally say things like Death to America and you're putting troops with weapons aimed at Americans. Mr. Secretary, let the military get back to its real job. Stop forcing them to do DHSS. And if you wanna be the DHS secretary, maybe you can apply for that job when you're fired from this one due to your incompetence, This interest time has expired.


Democratic Senator Rosen right here wants to know why is it that right wing extremist conspiracy theorist? Laura Loomer had a say in the firing of General Howe and why and what went down and notice Heif refuses to answer. And then he has the audacity to tell the Democratic senator, your time is up. And she's like, you don't tell me when my time is up. The hell are you, you, you pathetic individual. Play this clip. Well, I'm gonna move on just General Hawk, the Senate, an inexpressible dismissal of General Hawk. He serves both director of the National Security Agency Commander of us.


Cybercom is deeply concerning, raises significant questions about the decision making process, its potential consequences. Public reports indicate that the removal of General Hawk who has served his country proudly has been influenced by social media influencer and influencer personality on social media. Laura Loomer spreads conspiracy theories. She's been denounced even by Republicans. And the idea is that any leaders within our agency responsible for our nation's security, somebody would be dismissed based on the advice of a social media influencer is alarming to say the least. It's surely not how we should be running our military. So were you consulted regarding General Hawkston dismissal?


Yes or no? Well, Senator, I would not advise believing everything you read in the media were you consulted on every single decision? I'm the decision maker for the department and we all, all serve as the pleasure of the president. Okay. And we have the the prerogative to make those Decisions in the what your what your recommendation. And did you personally approve Mr. Hawk's dismissal? Yes or no? Anyone coming or going at at the defense department, especially at that level, would ultimately be a decision made by me and I stand behind that. You Personally relieve him. Would you excuse me? Did you personally relieve him? Yes Or no? Anyone at that level You did that relieved? So that's, yes. So would be relieved by the Secretary of Defense. Is there, was there a specific justification for General Ho Missile?


Was this, was there a specific justification for General Hawks dismissal? Ma'am, we all serve at the pleasure of the president and the President deserves the type of commanders and advisors that he thinks will best equip him to. Did you discuss general Dismiss With Laura Loomer prior to his removal? I don't discuss who I talk about anything with, but ultimately this is my decision and he serves at the pleasure of the president and that's why he's no longer there. So do you believe it's appropriate for any social media personality to influence personnel decisions in your department? Yes or no?


I believe your time is up. Senator. Oh, it is not up to you to tell me when my time is up. Well, The time And I am going to say, Mr. Secretary, you're either feckless or complicit. You're not in control of your department. Yours is unserious. It is shocking. You're not combating antisemitism within your ranks. It's a digi, dangerous and pivotal time in our nation's history. Thank you Mr. Chairman. I yield back and I don't appreciate the smirk. Sir, you are the Secretary of Defense. The Time of the Gentle Lady has expired. One More clip of Democratic Senator Rosen right here. Let's play it. So would you also agree then that anti-Semitism and anti-Semitic conspiracy theories have no place in our government or military?


Yes or no? They should not. Thank You. So would you also agree that anyone who has posted, and I'm gonna quote anti-Semitic conspiracy theories, lifted right out of a neo-Nazi playbook end quote, shouldn't be anywhere near a position of power, yes or no? Since I don't believe the characterization of many officials in the news media, I would need to see precisely what's being characterized. But Generally, but generally, would you not say that if generally Speaking, sure. Thought something was coming out of a neo-Nazi playbook. It doesn't have any place in our Department of Defense. Now, secretary Heck said.


The quote that I just read you was referencing Ms. Kingsley Wilson, the DOD press Secretary. It's a direct quote from her who my Republican colleagues on this committee have also expressed alarm over due to her comments. In fact, one colleague said, and I'm gonna quote again, obviously I don't agree with her comments. I trust the Pentagon will address this end quote. However, in the month since not only have you not addressed these anti-Semitic comments, you have promoted Ms. Wilson. This seems to be at odds honestly with President Trump's commitment, very public commitment to combat anti-Semitism, which you just said you two agreed with. So Secretary, he said, given the rise in anti-Semitic violence hate crimes in our nation, and to show that the Trump administration, the Trump administration, your administration does have a zero tolerance policy for antisemitism, will you dismiss Ms.


Kingsley from her role as a US military spokesperson today? Yes or no? Again, that's why I referenced the context and characterization. Oh, We'll send you the quote, Sir. I've worked directly with her. She does a fantastic job. And there's any suggestion that I'm I or her or others are party to antisemitism is a mischaracterization attempting to win political Quote. And I'm send Senator, You're attempting to win political points on the backs and mischaracterizing the statements of a member of Trump administration is not serious. And I'm not gonna stand for That. You're not a serious person. You are not serious about rooting out fighting antisemitism within the ranks of our DOD. It's despicable. You ought to be ashamed of yourself.


I'm gonna move on. Just general Haw powerful stuff and what a weasel hegseth is. What a weasel, pathetic human being. Unserious human being that he is right there as well. By the way, if you wanna know what some of the posts were of that social media person who's now become the main spokesperson for the Department of Defense, praising Robert E. Lee, spreading anti-Semitic conspiracy theories, praising the far right-wing extremist German party, AF d saying How praising the great replacement theory, praising Christian nationalism.


That's who is now the one of the top officials at the Department of Defense who hegseth right there was supporting. We hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.