
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise Mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road at Enterprise Mobility dot com.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand, this a i Goodbye too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington, I told you so.


Donald Trump returned to Washington DC It was absolute chaos and mayhem this morning. Initially the markets opened and started to tank more than we've really ever seen in modern history. Then there was some unfounded rumor that Donald Trump was going to be pausing the tariffs for a 90 day period. The stock market then shot up very quickly. Then the Trump rapid response team said fake news, and then the market began to crash again. You know, normally on these videos I would put up where the market is, but right now it is going down, up, down, up.


The volatility is so unprecedented in its nature, not the way a stable market is supposed to look. I, I don't want to even share it because in five, 10 minutes after I post this video, or a half hour after it's posted, it may look entirely different. Suffice to say, I Think to be a responsible reporter in this moment, I need to say it is just absolutely chaotic with volatility like we've never seen before. When I have a bigger snapshot, I'll of course report on what that is, but I don't want to in this moment in any way cause signals that could be problematic in any way. But let me just share with you what happened.


As we all woke up to the opening of the market, it officially became the worst three day performance of the s and p 500 since October of 1987, with the s and p falling more than 20% from its February closing high on pace to confirm a bear market. Here was the moment where there was this unfounded rumor about this 90 day tariff pause to which the Trump response team said, wrong fake news. You'll see here this account unusual whales, which covers the market, says this is absolute comedy.


I wouldn't really refer to it as that the market was blood red today. Then an unattributed rumor was starting on X, that there was consideration of a 90 day tariff pause. The market turned green, then five minutes later, the White House denied the rumor the market became red again. Then Donald Trump posted that he was going to impose additional tariffs on China and not have any further discussions with China. Would basically mean if you add up all the tariffs on China, over 100%, Donald Trump posted yesterday, China issued retaliatory tariffs of 34% on top of their already SEC set records setting tariffs, non-monetary tariffs, illegal subsidization of companies, and it goes on and on and on.


And then it says, therefore, if China does not withdraw, its 34% increase above, they're already long-term trading abuses. By tomorrow, April 8th, 2025, the United States will impose additional tariffs on China, A 50% effective April 9th. Additionally, all talks with China concerning their requested meetings with us will be terminated. Negotiations with other countries which have also requested meetings will begin taking place immediately. Thank you for your attention to this matter. This would bring the tariffs to China above a hundred percent. You see right here, this cartoon, I always think these political cartoons encapsulate the moment Trump on Fifth Avenue shooting the economy.


Also, as Axios reported over the past few days, you know, all of, and we talked about this, when the Trump tariffs were initially announced, which he calls Liberation Day, we refer to it as recession day, annihilation day, great Depression Day, liquidation day. You pick your name. The Trump tariffs were based on a massive error in just the underlying formulation. And what Axios went on to report is how this conservative think tank shows that the formula that was applied was incorrectly applied. And also we've, as we've said before, the tariffs are not reciprocal. Despite the Trump regime referring to these as reciprocal tariffs, he kind of made up the, the numbers that he claimed were the tariff rates against the United States based upon the deficit with specific countries.


So a country like Vietnam, when you calculated the deficit, they would, Trump would include kind of the delta and the deficit as part of what he considered to be a tariff against the United States. So countries like Vietnam and Cambodia and others, you know, would be viewed as being high tariff rates against the United States, even though the US was getting cheap products from those countries. Orange Monday is the new black Monday. That's at least when the markets were opening. You may be seeing billboards like this across the United States that are being paid for by Canada and others.


Tariffs are attacks at the gas pump. Tariffs are indeed attacks. That's what they are. Tariffs are taxes on the American consumer and the American consumer's ultimately gonna be the one to pay for this. And the American consumer is paying this volatility. The hit that our 4 0 1 ks and retirements have been taking, this is not the way the markets are supposed to work at all. And you can tell even here, like when you've lost your CNBC MAGA host, this is the CNBC MAGA host right here, and you'll just see that, you know, they're pissed. Play this clip and, And I Think from policy institutes on both sides of the aisle, the the methodology that was used has been universally derided as being non-serious.


I don't know whether you know exactly who came up with the formula, but it allowed you to, to at least characterize most of these countries as being their terrorists well above the reality of the situation. So that when you put say that we're gonna do half on them, it was much higher than anyone anticipated. And I Think you'd have to concede that, that this was not the market reaction you were looking for. There's a way of maybe incrementally trying to accomplish some of the things that the, the president wants to do in a reasonable, serious way. And this just almost across the board has caused what you're seeing in the stock market and a lot of head scratching and head shaking on whether anyone really knows what what they're doing in this case.


Peter, well, can you let acknowledge that? Sure. No, I can't because here's, here's what I seeing. You throw a lot of stuff at me. First of all, the methodology is perfectly sound. It was done by the Council of Economic Advisor based on long term studies that are in the academic literature. And the people taking pot shots at us are the same people that always take pot shots. The American Enterprise Institute, Peter, of course, Mary Lindsay, of course the Joe come on the American Enterprise Institute. So Then you had Kevin Hassett, Donald Trump's top economic advisor was going on Fox. You see the market there on the right. At least that was the snapshot in time. Then here Kevin Hassett talks about he's being asked about a pause on the 90 day tariffs.


Here's what he says, Play this clip. Will you do a 90 day pause? Would you consider that? Or, or Bill, yeah. You know, I, I Think that the president is going to decide what the president's gonna decide. There are more than 50 countries in negotiation with the president. We've got the Prime Minister of Israel coming today. We've had a reach out overnight from Taiwan. And, but I, but I would urge everyone, especially Bill, to ease the ease off the rhetoric a little bit. The fact is that a 10, say 10% baseline tariff is on what, 14% of GDP. That's about how much trade we have, how many imports. And so 86% of GDP is affected by the deregulation and the tax cuts and everything else.


And even if you think, and, and I Think a lot of us at the White House think that these are, these economic responses are exaggerated by critics. Even if you think that there will be some negative effect from the trade side, that's still a small share of GDP. And so the idea that it's gonna be a nuclear winter or something like that is completely irresponsible rhetoric. So, and it was based on that where he didn't say that there would be a pause on the 90 day tariffs. That's that it was incorrectly erroneously reported that there was a, a pause, which was just false, false information. Take a look. Did you watch 60 Minutes recently? 60 minutes found that there was no criminal record for 75% of the Venezuelan migrants the US sent to El Salvador.


Yes, 75%. We've been highlighting a lot of those stories here on the Midas Touch Network. People who just had autism awareness tattoos or people who had tattoos of real Madrid, a soccer club or th this story particularly is as of significance today as there was a major ruling by the Fourth Circuit. By the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, Abrego Garcia, the Maryland man migrant who in 2019, an immigration judge during the Trump administration said that he had a protected status here and could not be sent to El Salvador.


No criminal history at all. Never committed a crime working in Maryland, would check into ice regularly. The Trump regime kidnapped him, sent him to the El Salvador concentration camp, the fir, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals ordered that he be immediate confirm the district court order saying you need to return him immediately by midnight. Donald Trump is appealing the Fourth Circuit ruling to the Supreme Court. It was a particularly powerful ruling by the fir, by the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals affirming what the District Court said, get this guy back to the United States.


He had protected status. He's not a criminal. You can't kidnap people and send him to concentration camps. This is the ruling from the Fourth Circuit. For the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. It says the following, the panel unanimously agrees that the District Court's order requiring the government to facilitate and effectuate the return of plaintiff Kilmore Armando Abrego Garcia to the United States by no later than 11:59 PM on Monday, April 7th, 2025, should not be stayed. The government's motion to stay is therefore denied. I write to explain my view, the United States government has no legal authority to snatch a person who is lawfully present in the United States off the street and remove him from the country without due process.


The government's contention otherwise. And its argument that the federal courts are powerless to intervene are unconscionable. Donald Trump immediately appealed that to the Supreme Court. That's where we stand right now. I'll give you more updates of course, as I get more data. Thanks for watching and hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.