
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Tremfya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem via radio.com.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip.


Works wonders I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy,


Your data is like gold to hackers and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel any anytime terms apply.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days, your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and Deco.


Not only is Donald Trump doing less speeches now he's cutting his speeches short as people are leaving early exactly as vice President Kamala Harris said they were. We'll show you some video footage of those people leaving as Donald Trump spent an entire speech essentially saying, I'm not weird. I'm not weird. That's a pretty weird thing to keep on talking about at speeches and probably indicates guess what? That you are weird. Also, Donald Trump's effort to try to shut down our government ordering MAGA mike to put a poison pill into a continuing resolution that seems to have failed. That's like the fourth time in as many years Donald Trump has tried to shut down the government by interfering with Congress's ability to pass a budget and raise the debt ceiling before that will break that down.


Also, Donald Trump's attempt to interfere with the way Nebraska counts its electoral college votes also seems to fail as a critical vote or a critical legislator says he will not be supporting a special session to overhaul their electoral system. This close to the election, we're learning some interesting things about Melania Trump's spousal income disclosure on Donald Trump's campaign finance forms. Well, she claims that she earned close to $250,000 from the log cabin Republican organization, except the Log cabin Republican organization says that they never paid her that money.


So who keeps paying Melania Trump when Trump is disclosing that and he's been doing that since 2022 saying that Melania is getting this payment from the log Cabin Republicans. I would say it's beyond suspicious and we'll break it down. Donald Trump's stock, DJT continues to crash. I thought he was a great businessman and this has his name on the stock. How come it is crashing like this? Just take a look at that. About 70 to 75% decline in the past six months alone. Imagine if that was your 401k. Imagine if that was the American economy where our stock market is performing 55 to 60% higher now than when Donald Trump was in office.


That's how Trump's own stock performed. And don't say we didn't warn you here mags on the Midas Dutch network two and a half years ago. We said that's exactly what's going to happen. We also said, take a look at Donald Trump's history in business failure after failure after failure. And speaking of failure, one of Donald Trump's digital ad campaigns targeting Georgia has photographs of Georgia, not the state, the country. Seriously. This is the Midas Touch podcast. I'm Ben Marcellas, joined by Brett and Georgia. Also want to get into a filing that Donald Trump made in the Washington DC criminal case where Donald Trump says that the judge should ban special counsel Jack Smith from making a filing on the issue of absolute immunity.


Because even briefing and discussing the issue would cause Donald Trump. He says Appium embarrassment and that he's immune from embarrassment as well, he says, and that he shouldn't be embarrassed. I'm not making that up. That was his argument in federal court today. Brett Jordy, how you doing? Aw, I don't think there's a constitutional right to not getting embarrassed Donald Trump and don't do the crime If you can't deal with the facts that come out in the indictments, I guess, but no, you know, I, I'm doing good. It's interesting to see the Trump campaign just kind of really flailing right now. And one of the things that I've noticed in particular over these past few days is that the Trump campaign has been ramping up the grift and not only the Trump campaign, Donald Trump himself, Melania Trump.


It's like the, all the family right now, like they're all getting together and they're like, we better milk this thing for all we got while we still can. I think it kind of tells you a little bit of something behind the scenes, especially as you read the tea leaves and you see kind of the polls coming out. You see him try to rearrange the way he's doing his rallies, like then he's also embarrassed about his rallies length now because Kamala Harris called it out and these people are leaving, and so he's really in his head and there are what, about 43 or so days until election day and he hasn't even been able to disavow the man in North Carolina who refers to himself as a black Nazi and wants to bring slavery back. I mean, that's where they're focusing their time right now. This is a campaign in absolute chaos, and I think Vice President Harris and Governor Walls are doing a brilliant job right now, staying on message, speaking to the voters.


It's so great to see and it's so refreshing. Jordy, what's new out there in Pennsylvania? Shout out pa Yeah, no, I, I just wanna hit on exactly what you said right there, Brett. The Trump family has upped the grift tenfold, and that's because I like to imagine they see the writing on the wall. This is their grift going outta business maga sale, where now they're hawking coins and, and characters and crypto. I mean, the list goes on and on. We'll get in it on the show today, but they do feel like there is some form of major desperation happening from the Trump family right now. Ben, what's that? You? Well, If you want to know how you buy a hamburger with crypto, don't ask Donald Trump, even though he claims to know what the heck he's talking about.


That was, that's what he's been bragging about. I bought the burger with the crypto. He said, I mean, he's like, what are you talking about? He held this weird event for the Trump trading cards and these weird events for Trump crypto and like not actually campaigning. And then when he is campaigning, this is what we're seeing now. Here are attendees leaving Trump's rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. It only went for about an an hour total ish, and here they are leaving at the 28 minute mark here. We got this video, but Take nothing for granted. You have to get out and vote. You just have get vote. What they do is the only thing they do well, they the policies And you hear him in the background though, because he's not actually saying things.


Well, they did say you have to get out. Maybe they just missed the get out and vote part of it. They said, you gotta get out. They said, all right, I'll see you later heard this before. What I've always said, going back now, what is it? Two and a half, three years when he started doing these, the, the campaign rallies for 2024. Remember he started campaigning like right away, like right after January 6th. Then the corporate media went into high gear and they started with the polls already while President Biden and vice President Kamala Harris were trying to like run a country and clean up after Donald Trump's mess. When I was saying it as, as I was watching these, I'm like, Trump's not saying things like he's not speaking in sentences.


Like why are we saying washing it back? Then his first speech in Waco, Texas, that's where he chose to do it. On the 30 year anniversary of the Waco Siege had the opening act right before Donald Trump. Ted Nugent went into this screaming rant calling President Zelensky a homosexual, and that's how they started it. Then Donald Trump said, all right time, we all sing the J sixth anthem song. I'm like, the J sixth anthem song, what are we talking about? And then it was an anthem by the J sixth insurrectionist that Trump replaced the national anthem with, and I'm like, hello? Anybody else? Like gonna cover this thing? Like this is pretty crazy stuff right here and now people are focusing on on the home stretch.


But I'm like, where were you back then? But now Trump's just up there. Like, I'm not weird. I'm not, I'm not weird. I'm not weird, jd, we're not, we're not weird here. Play this clip. This is his closing message to the voters. Play the clip to do it In Minneapolis. That's why she picked this, this character, this weird guy, you know, he said Weird. JD and I are not weird. We got a lot of problems. So we're not weird. Also weird. We have a lot of problems, but we're not weird saying that is very, very weird. And then Donald Trump now is refusing, and we know that before, but refusing to debate vice president Kamala Harris again, she's been having a lot of fun with it.


Just saying, I thought you said anywhere, anytime, any place. I'm ready to beat you again. Let's just do it. You want to do it on CNN? You seem to love those moderators. Let's do it again. Then. Donald Trump spending his time giving his closing message saying there's not enough time to debate, even though in 2020 he debated in October, what are you talking about here? Play the clip. That's not what you want. That's not what you want. Kamala and her group have seen what's happening to their campaign and it's not going well for them. And they would like just announced a little while ago as it was coming off the plane, they would like to do another debate.


Although good entertainment value, a lot of people say, oh, do it. It's great entertainment. I've already done two. One with crooked Joe Biden at CNN and the other one with Kamala on A-B-C-C-N-N was very fair. I thought Joe was driven out of the race. He was, it was a coup, by the way, but he was driven outta the race and they've been widely criticized by the radical left lunatics for all of the fairness, they were very fair. In other words, they won't be fair again because they took a lot of abuse from the radical left. A, B, C was three on one, but I was given credit for having done a very, very good job.


I appreciate that. We did a great job. It was three on one. The problem with another debate is that it's just too late voting has already started. She's had her chance to do it with Fox. You know, Fox invited us on and I waited and waited and they turned it down. They turned it down. But now she wants to do a debate right before the election with CNN because she's losing badly. You know, it's like a fighter. She sees the pulse, she sees what's happening, she's losing badly, but it's like a fighter who goes into the ring and gets knocked out. The first thing he says is, I wanna rematch. I wanna rematch.


After the debate with President Biden, Donald Trump was saying, I wanna rematch. I wanna rematch right away. Vice President Kamala Harris is up. And again, polls don't vote. So I don't wanna focus on this poll versus that poll and all the things. Vice President Kamala Harris is breaking 50% in a lot of polls right now. She's doing very well there. And so you've got that, and then you've got Donald Trump as well. Just continuing to go on and whine about the moderators and line about this here, by the way, Donald Trump then he's been posting about this and he's been saying that.


He's been saying, I'm here to protect women. I want to protect women here. Watch this here, play this book. And it long last, this national nightmare that we're going through will be over. Women will be happy, healthy, confident, and free. You will no longer be thinking about abortion because it is now where it always had to be with the states and with the, And that's one of the things that he's been posting about as well. And he's these weird posts, women need me, I'm here to protect the women. You'll never have to think about abortion again. I mean, again, these are very weird and creepy things for him to be saying.


Then over here, Donald Trump continues in the speech here. He talks about Oprah here, play this clip Ever. She's not competent to be president either, but I, you know, I don't want to be rude. I don't wanna be rude. She's not competent to be president. Did you see her on Oprah? That's not gonna be, that's not gonna be president. Oprah didn't know what the hell to do. Oprah was like embarrassed. She wanted to hide under the table, but she's a professional and she was able to sort of disguise it. No, she wanted to go right under the table, You know, and again, he's just not reflecting the reality. I mean, vice president Kamala Harris had a great appearance on Oprah, a lot of great endorsements.


What were there as well. Here's what happened during Oprah here, play this clip. And so part of my plan is to give startup small businesses a $50,000 tax deduction to start up their small business. Right now it's $5,000. Nobody can start a small business with $5,000. So that's part of my plan. That's a teen of town of business. That's that, that's a business in tea. A town of business is a concept of a business, right? Yes. You know, that's right. You know, when she spent her time on Oprah talking about policies, talking about tax credits, talking about healthcare, talking about social security, answering questions from the audience, really addressing concerns she did, wasn't up there whining, spreading conspiracies about the 2020 election, 2016, or talking about Hillary Clinton or this, that she was just up there talking about issues that help the American people.


So now also that inflation is going down and inflation has been dealt with by President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris. Donald Trump's message right now is that the reason inflation is coming down is because he says, our country's doing so bad that inflation's under control. Now, here play this clip And we will rapidly defeat inflation. So inflation is a misnomer because the inflation's now getting stabilized because the, our country's doing badly. But the What? Inflation stabilized because our country's now doing badly. No, the issue was, is that you left us $8 trillion in additional debt.


That is what you did. In addition, you printed money recklessly in addition during COVID because you said like a miracle, it was all going to go away. You did not prepare the country for it. You did not prepare business and industry, which is what your job should have been. You passed no meaningful infrastructure legislation. So things like chips, semiconductors, and other critical pieces of our supply line were broken as well, and things weren't getting here to the United States. So, oh, and then your failed trade war also against China was inflationary.


So inflation has root causes and I think we, the people have to understand and recognize though, that when you add $8 trillion, that more than anyone before the way Trump did recklessly print money, the way Trump did have a PPP program with no safety protocols really in place that was rampant with fraud, do not shore up the supply lines. That's going to cause inflation when things get back to normal, and President Biden brought things back to normal, then he passed the Inflation reduction Act and everybody predicted a hundred percent Bloomberg said, chance of recession a hundred percent.


All the economists were saying, president Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris avoided the recession. And now we have interest rates being cut 50 basis points with inflation under control. And as vice president Kamala Harris says, that doesn't mean we spike the football, but also it means we could recognize that work from leaders was done to get this to happen. We don't just burn it down, but you know, who does burn it down? You see this Brett and Jordy, JD Vance essentially admitting that he is an arsonist. I don't even know what he's talking about. When he was giving this speech in Pennsylvania, he says that my son is like me.


We like burn things to the ground. What, what, what here play this clip. It's so amazing when you get, when, when you have kids and you see how innate their personalities really are. So the the 7-year-old is probably somewhere around here reading a book. He's like his mother. And the four and a half year old is, is, is is much more like his daddy's probably trying to find a building to burn down or something like that. Why? What I truthfully, like, I'm trying to understand like what he was even trying to get at in that speech. And I truthfully have no idea. Like I understand he's trying to be relatable there. That's Vance like trying to, that's Vance trying his hardest to be like, look, I'm just like my kids.


You, you guys, you guys have these crazy kids, right? They're running around burning down buildings. It's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait, your pets wait was I was, I was with you. And then what'd you say at the end? They did what? You were, you were with you, you're doing what with your kids? Because I was following you and I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like my kids too. You'd said, what burn? We burned down buildings. J jd, that's not normal buddy. JJ it's not no j jd that's not a normal thing. What about are, are they eating dogs and pets? J jd, stop it. Where do whatcha saying right now? It it's just the, he's the weirdest person on the planet, let's face it. And what I've noticed of him on the campaign trail is he tries so hard to be like Donald Trump.


And I expect this now to happen also at the debate where people ask him very simple questions and instead of answering them honestly or trying to give a thoughtful explanation, he tries to pull a Trump. He yells at the person, he yells at the reporter, he goes, you are disgusting. Actually, he is like a Marjorie Taylor Greene like response, right? You are actually disgusting. 'cause you ask that, ask the people of spring, like he gets very abrasive in that way, but he doesn't understand that. Like he lacks all the other qualities of Trump that I think makes Trump appeal to Trump supporters. So to me, Vance, anytime he says anything just comes off as like the most unlikeable human in the world. And I think America's gonna see that also in the October debate when he goes up against waltz because he's not gonna, he's backing himself into all these really weird positions and policies.


And it's gonna be interesting to try to watch him kind of warm himself out from them. He's so unrelatable because he's also just so uncomfortable in his own skin. I mean, just look at the facts of it. This is a guy that's changed his name multiple times more than three times. This is a person who's also changed. He wrote about it in his book, his sexual orientation a couple of times as well. This is someone who doesn't know how to be himself. And so he's trying to be what he thinks the GOP needs him to be in this moment. And then that's how you end up with, you know, my son is just out there trying not to burn down houses. And it's like, bro, what are you talking about? Like, just take a breath. Who are you, man? Well, he's a smart guy though, in the sense of he can mimic the words.


And what makes this very interesting is he understands very quickly how to adopt the language when he goes into these different identities of his. So he is using the MAGA language. So the words are the words that appeals to these people, but there's an incongruity between the words and the delivery. So he seems such an inauthentic messenger of the presentation, right? 'cause it's like, what, what is this guy saying? What, what he talking about? And he's up there again wearing the eyeliner. Hi. The, the way his body's positioned don't, doesn't match the words. And he's trying so hard. You know, there was a, there was this great TikTok video of a guy who just analyzed JD Vance playing, you know, one of these arcade games.


And like everything that JD Vance did with it was showed how he was a fraud in every interaction. The way he was holding the arcade game gun, when you looked in the background, it was like a deer hunter game. He had missed every one of the deers. He called the game the wrong game. The whole thing is a fraud. And every interaction that he does is one, it's why when we analyze him drinking a root beer or trying to order a Philly cheese steak or whatever, it comes off so inauthentic because he's saying the words that like a tourist would say, but not that the actual people in the communities themselves would say.


And speaking of in the communities himself, you know, he does this thing again during that same event that we're showing you right here in Pennsylvania where he's talking about Springfield, Ohio. Again, he's quadrupled down on this and he is like, I dare any reporter to go there and to tell me what's really going on here, play this clip. What I, what I said is that we create media stories. In other words, we focus the people's attention on what's already going on. Do you, does anybody think go to Springfield, Ohio has been overwhelmed by 20,000 Haitian immigrant, any community that's been overwhelmed by Kamala Harris's illegal alien policies and tell me that these are stories made up by politicians.


And again, there you heard him, he said again, he admitted there at the beginning that he makes up the stories. He says to bring attention to what's going on. And then when he says what's going on, he says, all of the illegals who are there in Springfield, that's not true. They are lawfully legally legal. They are there under a protected status. They were invited there. The Republican governor of Ohio says that they are very important to the economy there and to Ohio generally. The mayor of Springfield, the city manager reporters have gone there and asked that question and has spoken to people.


JD Vance once again is lying. And you have Donald Trump and JD Vance saying things like, you need to take the illegal Haitians. And they're there lawfully, they're not illegal. And he, they go and send them to Venezuela, take the Haitians and send them to Venezuela. But what that should tell you more broadly, whenever Donald Trump talks about the mass deportations on day one, where he wants to order the local police to round up people, he's also talking about people who are here lawfully. I think it would be horrific and brutal and sad If you took people who even weren't here lawfully, but who were contributing to the economy and you ripped them away forcefully and have these images of kids crying and, and parents being hurt and harmed.


'cause Trump says it's going to be bloody. He calls it bloody. I think that would be a very difficult image in and of itself. But that's not what he's even talking about. He's talking about people who are here lawfully. If your skin is a different color or you look a certain way that you could, or, or he thinks that he doesn't like you, maybe you're a debate moderator. He doesn't like, he'll just say, you're here unlawfully and then he'll round you up bloody and and they'll send you away. What do you think they're talking about? What do you think they're doing? That's, that's their plan and that's what they wanna have on day one. Could you imagine the trauma that will cause our country?


And that's what they're talking about. Brett, I want to get your take on it, but I want to make sure we get our first ad break in right now, and then we'll be right back. And Brett, then I wanna hear your take.


Today's episode is brought to you by Ali, clean, fresh nutrition your dog needs in five flavors. They'll absolutely flip over. Feeding your dog real whole foods with minimal processing is one of the best choices you can make for their health. A whole fresh food diet has been proven to extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who wouldn't want more time with their best friend? Ollie's recipes have no harmful fillers, no preservatives, and are made in us kitchens with ingredients sourced from trusted growers and producers around the world. And because Ali's meals are gently cooked, they don't need preservatives. It's fresh real food with protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries and fresh lamb with cranberries. Ali might just have your dog eating better than you. Here's how it works. Take a 32nd quiz about your dog on Ali's website and they'll create a customized meal plan based on your dog's specific needs. Ali then sends your dog starter box with two weeks worth of meals, plus a guide on how to transition them over. You could even choose from three meal plans to fit your dog's diet. And can I be real with you for a second? My dog mochi is the best. She's the sweetest, most playful, loving shihtzu in the world. She's also one of the most stubborn eaters in the world. And if the food I give her isn't up to her standards, she lets me know. So anytime I introduce something new to her, it's the ultimate test. Since I've been giving her Ali, she's been licking the bowl clean. I've been giving her the chicken dish with carrots and the lamb with cranberries, and she absolutely loves it. And right now, Ali is offering an amazing deal. 60% off your first box of meals when you subscribe. Just head to ali.com, tell them about your dog, and use the code Midas to get 60% off your first box. That's OLLI e.com. Promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. They even offer a clean bowl guarantee. So if you're not satisfied, you'd get your money back.


Have you heard of NAD plus? It's a molecule in every cell of your body and it's critical to aging well. NAD plus helps keep us feeling youthful by promoting cellular energy, maintaining healthy DNA, using nutrients sufficiently and supporting detoxification by age 50. Most people's NAD plus levels are only half of what they were at age 20 falling. NAD plus levels is a major reason that signs of aging start to accelerate. Luckily, science has discovered a way to boost your NAD plus levels up to 50%. It's called Qualia, NAD plus, a groundbreaking supplement from Qualia. Many doctors and health experts over age 30 use Qualia NAD plus themselves, and I'm proud to have them sponsor this episode. NAD plus is a large molecule that struggles to be bioavailable If you supplement it directly. That's why Qualia, NAD plus supports NAD plus the right way by including ingredients called NAD plus precursors that your body can convert into NAD plus to boost your body's own NAD plus production up to 50%. That's great. These are vegan non GMO gluten-free ingredients like niacin, niacinamide, niagen, also known as nr. These are three of the most well researched NAD plus precursors. And all three are in Qualia, NAD plus to maximize your body's NAD plus production. Qualia n nad plus is clinically tested and naturopathic doctor formulated. Look, I want to feel decades younger than my actual age. That's why I'm staying at the cutting edge of aging research and boosting my NAD plus levels with Qualia NAD plus after just a month of Qualia, NAD plus, I'm feeling energy support and vitality return that I haven't felt in years. So to boost your NAD plus levels up to 50%, go to quality of life.com/ Jordy. I love that for up to 50% off and use code JORDY at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life spelled Q-U-A-L-I-A-L-I-F e.com/ Jordy. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy and use code Jordy spelled J-O-R-D-Y for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks Qualia for sponsoring this episode.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors, love our sponsors. Ali, brand new sponsor on the Midas Touch Network. You'll be seeing a bit more of them. They're fantastic. Brett said is P Mochi absolutely loves it. Brett, accurate, accurate. Now she loves it. She lick the bowl clean and she is legitimately, like I said, love her to death. She's the greatest. She's also the most stubborn eater on the planet. So whenever I find something that she actually enjoys, I'm like, thank God, that's great. And quality has been a partner for a while now. Links her in description of YouTube and audio. We love quality here. I like that they did a slash Jordy for their, they're, they're testing, they're trying to see does Midas perform better or a slash Jordy. So let, let, let's let them know, Ben, where to Here's one of JD Vance's closing messages to the voters in particularly voters in North Carolina.


Here's JD Vance earlier in the day. Let's play it. A sex scandal in North Carolina is between the Lieutenant Governor and the people in North Carolina. They're gonna make their decision and we support 'em. Okay, yeah, play that one more time too. A sex scandal in North Carolina is between the Lieutenant Governor and the people in North Carolina. They're gonna make their decision and we support 'em. Actually, just do it one more time. Play it one more time. A sex scandal in North Carolina is between the Lieutenant Governor and the people in North Carolina. They're gonna make their decision and we support 'em. The party of family values, everybody there they are. The, the, I mean in every level there's no leadership.


They're the exact opposite. It is the, I had to do it three times and the third time was pretty annoying, so I apologize for showing it that third. I did it one time. Too many 'cause I anointed myself with time number three. It was so startling to actually wait, what'd he say? Wait, wait, wait, wait. What'd he say? Oh, got it. There were the sex scandal between a governor and his constituent. What in the world did they talk about? And remember when a simple Yeah. Was enough to just, and that's it. You, you be out on stage, you're out. And now, and now we're seeing that, that to mention it's so much more than a sex scandal. Yes, he was on this website, nude Africa and apparently was a big commenter and message who comments?


He's commented a whole, whole lot on nude Africa. Like he's, I said this on the last, I'm just like, if you're commenting on not, not the kink shame, if you're commenting on porn sites, that's more egregious than the watching of whatever porn he was watching to me. Like he was, he was like a full-time paragraphs commenter paragraph like, like long paragraphs on n africa.com. Like he spent his time on this porn site and spent a lot of it like typing his theories on life. Like to me, that is one of the most bizarre things. I wouldn't Exactly. This is who Donald Trump calls Martin Luther King times two. That's like, yeah, that's like, yo, I can yeah. Can't just like tweet or like threads or like Instagram like the rest of us and the things that he was talking about.


And I'm not sure what gave me this idea to do this. Probably one of the dumber ideas that I've done. I'm like, I'm gonna go through the comments. I'm like, people need to hear his words. So I tried reading them and I got through about four of the posts and it was some of the most vile things I had ever read. Yeah. You know, he's talking about peeing on his wife's sister and his wife's sister peeing on him. I I, I'm not gonna go more than that because it gets even grosser than that, but his posts are talking about that. So it's about cheating on his wife with his wife's sister who he and she pee on each other. And so there's that. Then he calls himself on these posts, a black Nazi.


There are all these other posts and images of the SS as well. And by the way, the other stuff he said that people knew about before, those posts in my view are even more egregious. I mean saying that liberals should be put to death for being liberals basically. But he's out there saying that liberals should get killed. I mean before this, that was known at the time, that's why Donald Trump endorsed him. Those were the types of things that he was saying. He's anti L-G-B-T-Q, but he loves transport and that's one of the things that he posts about all of the time. But he believes that anti L-G-B-T-Q people also should get like serious penalty like, like death penalties. This type of things that he's like saying like horrific stuff is what he's talking about.


Horrible stuff. Yeah. Watch whatever you want. Do whatever kink thing you're into. This is all good. Did I stand you Brett? Can you not hear me? No, no, no. I got you. We got you. He was just, you just looked really shocked, like when you went into what you were about to say that Ben went into all of what he just went into. Oh, I man, it's, it's certainly shocking stuff when you lay it all out. My guy, I mean, don't get me wrong, but like, listen, be whatever. Let, let, let, let your freak flag fly. Do whatever you want, right? Just don't tell other people what to do and then don't go out there and try to legislate against these people. I think one of the craziest things getting lost in the whole Mark Robinson saga is that he is the current lieutenant governor of the state. Like, like we forget that he is currently in a leadership position in this state.


This isn't just the guy who is running, he has the second most powerful position in the executive branch of the state of North Carolina. I just feel like we're forgetting. It's a really important point Brett. It's not like this is like a Doug Masano who was just trying to run here, you know, in pa No, this person already holds a very high position that he got through on with all of the other crazy and awful stuff that he has said that we all know that. He said prior to this investigation coming out, I majority Doug Mao's, Pennsylvania State Senator. That's an excellent point. Yeah. Which at least is more localized than the whole state, but still, but point, point taken. However, you know what I think with Robinson, like we just see the same pattern with MAGA that happens over and over.


They refuse to just admit they were wrong. They refuse to like just say like, you know what? Like we screw it up on this one. Or you know what? Like we actually don't support Nazis. Like, we're like not cool. Like we're not good with Nazis. Actually it should be hard to say, right? Like, but they're incapable. The North Carolina GOP released the very Trumpian statement as well where they were like, these, you know, is typical liberal media that's going after Mark Robinson with these unfounded allegations, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. After these allegations were reported on, somehow somebody found their way into the account of Mark Robinson and deleted a lot of these posts. It's like, oh, how'd you get access to that account? I'm, I'm almost impressed quite frankly that you had the password to this account this many years later that you, that you still had access.


Were you still using it or you lurking on the website? 'cause I gotta know how you still had access to to, to this account. But it's just that defiance, that refusal to admit you're wrong and the constant gaslighting that comes with Maga that to me I've always said bothers me even more than any sort of, you know, policy or anything else. It's just this constant lying and gaslighting. It's turning misinformation and disinformation into a strategy and really just poisoning the kind of psyche of the American people with their endless lies. Well look, his general counsel, his campaign manager, his finance director, his deputy campaign manager all resigned from Robinson's campaign. That's not exactly something that you do when you didn't do it.


And so those are some of the people who are closest to him, but he's staying in the race. There's really hard, lemme put it in perspective, lemme put it in perspective for a second, Ben. He currently has three people working for his campaign. It's the amount of people who are hosting this podcast, by the way. One is his bodyguard. So come on like, like this is a rudderless ship right here. This is like insane. The other is the admin from Nude Africa, moderator the, the third. The third is an nude Africa moderator. Yeah. So yeah, so, so that, but North Carolina is a critical state for it. It's a critical state.


There's really no path for Trump without North Carolina. It's one of the things though Vice President Kamala Harris has done in expanding the map as well. Also, you take a look at the map over the weekend, it was probably some of the best polling for Vice President Kamala Harris, yet you take a look at the NBC poll and she was a big there. You take a look at the, there it is right there in a national poll when all third party candidates are listed, she was actually up six against Donald Trump. And then when you look at the cross tabs and some of the other polling data as well, you know, there, there's some really alarming numbers there for Donald Trump in terms of vice president Kamala Harris having a, a pretty high favorability rating in the history of NBC news, taking a look at the favorability of politicians, I think she went up 16 points over the past few months and that's been her trajectory.


The only person who's had a quicker rise in their popularity was George W. Bush after nine 11, like in the history of NBC doing that. Meanwhile you have Governor Walls who's also very popular. JD Vance is still like one of the most unpopular ever. He's underwater. Donald Trump is also underwater as well. Unfavorable there on the CBS poll, vice President Kamala Harris has also cleared 50%, which is big two 52% to 48% there. And you take a look at, so what, what, what's Donald Trump's plan in response to this? Well one of his plans is to try to pressure states to do things like he did in 2020, right?


So Donald Trump's out there having, you know, his Georgia election board. People try to change all of the rules and now they're passing rules in Georgia, which are gonna be challenged in lots of court cases now coming up that we're gonna be very focused on saying that all of the votes now have to be hand counted before there can be a winner. So that there could be mischief done to a very safe and secure voting system in Georgia where the Secretary of State is a classic Republican and Brad Raff Asperger and they have very safe and secure elections in Georgia, in Nebraska. Donald Trump and Lindsey Graham went on an offensive to try to change the state of Nebraska into a winner take all electoral system where Nebraska right now awards two electoral votes to the winner of the popular vote.


Then in the various three congressional districts, If you win the congressional district, you win an electoral vote there. And so in 2020 for example, Nebraska had four electoral votes. Go to Donald Trump, one vote went to President Biden because Biden won the second congressional district in Nebraska, which is the Omaha area. Remember that's where Governor Walls gave that incredible speech a few weeks back as well. Vice President Kamala is winning in that second congressional district area. And so Donald Trump wanted to change all of Nebraska's voting system right now on the eve of the election because one of the ways you get to two 70, if Vice President Kamala Harris wins Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin and all the other states, she's supposed to win but doesn't win any of the other states, doesn't win.


North Carolina doesn't win, Arizona doesn't win. Georgia for example, she only has 2 69. So that one vote gets you to two 70 and that's a path to victory. So Donald Trump wants to interfere with that path, have a special session of the legislature called in Nebraska. The Nebraska governor was kind of pushing for that but said he wouldn't do it unless he knew they had 33 votes. And one of the more moderate Republicans came out earlier today and said, look, I'm not going to support changing the sy our entire election system this close to the election. I'm not, I'm not, I don't feel comfortable doing it.


So that crisis is averted, but I wanna let everybody know what's going on with these different states. 'cause Trump is going into each of these states now to try to do early what he was doing post-election last year as well. Also, you might as well pull up that one as well, Brett, because over there, Donald Trump, Donald Trump's messaging is all, all he has is his own election interference, right? It's always projection and confession. I mean he's running campaigns in Georgia right now by showing them images of the country. Georgia, I mean, and again, this is the type of stuff that in other normal era that in normal eras would be disqualifying.


I mean you're calling Georgia the country of Georgia, it's also magnificently stupid too. Like what, what in the world are we talking? But that's MAGA right now. They do things like that every single day. And I've just noticed too that really the only campaigning emails I get from Donald Trump or JD Vance now talk about the assassination attempts. We know it's an emotional time. Donald Trump's got another attempt on his life. Please donate money right now. We need your money over and over again. We love you, we love you. But please, there's ano, all the fundraising is based off assassination attempt and then they sell assassination sneakers, assassination mugs, assassination edition, you know, you know merch t-shirts, signing things and like that's like, that's what they're doing now.


It's all so stupid. And you just see, you know, these are all the marks of just a very incompetent campaign, which makes it all the more frustrating that the race is as close as it is when you peel back the onion a bit, you know, you start peeling back those layers and seeing like what's going on behind the scenes. And you see this campaign that's in just utter chaos behind the scenes. And you look at who Donald Trump put in charge of the Republican party. He put in charge Lara Trump. And now surprise, surprise. I mean this is something that brothers, we called months and months and months ago when it happened, we said, oh, the, the people in these races across the country, the these other elections that aren't Trump, they're gonna get screwed really badly.


And that's exactly what's happening. There's panic on the ground in these swing states because people are trying to find out where the Republican get out the vote operation is and it's not existent. And in all many places the RNC has farmed out their door knocking operation to groups like Elon Musk's pack, which is also not doing a good job at it. So they have like no ground game whatsoever. You have all these donors who are wondering, what the hell happened to all my money? Like I've been giving all my money to Lara Trump and the RNC Well why don't you check in Lonnie Trump's speaking fees, which we'll get to in a little bit. Maybe that could be a hint, I don't know. But you know, it, it's just this kind of perfect storm right now where Trump has lost the issues that are kind of everything that he's run on, right?


He's been running on crime, crime is down significantly and there was just another report that shows crime further decreasing. He's running on immigration and the border, but we have border apprehensions and, and border crossings down to their lowest levels in years. He's running on inflation, but inflation is now heading towards deflation. He was running on high interest rates. Now the rates are coming down, like everything he's running on isn't working. So the only thing he has left to even fundraise on at this point are these ridiculous lies about they're eating dogs, they're eating cats and the assassination stuff. And that's why it's all he's pushing. 'cause it's kind of, it's all he's got like this, it's a desperate guy and that's why his campaign appears so desperate right now Larry Trump scares me though.


She's a real asset. 'cause she didn't mention, she's like a a a 16 time Grammy recording artist. I mean, she know. I don't know how she's able to both be such an incredible musician and also head up the RNC. It's just, she's just super impressive person. Multi multi, multi-talented. Yeah. But this is really where the failure does come in with corporate media and, and I'm not gonna go into it much, but it's just like, why isn't anybody holding the other failure of the Trump campaign accountable? The fact that they don't have any ground game, the fact that they actually don't have much spend at all to put on tv. The fact that it's just a continuous grift. To your point, Mr. And Mrs. Macedonian, that money is all just going to Trump and Alina Haba and, and, and Melania Trump. It's like corporate media.


Wake the heck up. But also at the same time, fine, don't because we're here as the collective, we the Midas mighty to fill that void. Please, If you haven't already hit subscribe to this YouTube channel. We're on our way to 4 million subscribers and it's all thanks to y'all. And, and just this idea of chasing down the truth with facts and data points and not this corporate spin of ma making this, you know, a horse race between the two candidates. The choice is clear, the data's clear, and we're here the collective we to hold truth to fire every single day. Ben, you know, you used the horse race example though, but sometimes in a horse race, one horse is much faster than the other horse. And we're like the faster horse is clearly the winner.


What corporate media wants to do though is where there's one horse that's clearly significantly not just ahead, but running a traditional pro-democracy campaign and perhaps the other horse meanwhile, you know, is injected with all of these steroids and is cheating in every single which way and doing everything wrong and inappropriately and breaking all of the rules. The media is not only calling out that horse that's behind, they're like pushing the horse forward. One of the examples I've always given growing up in the early 1990s was Game Genie, which would attach to your Nintendo and all of a sudden your characters would, you know, be able to beat the game without, you know, actually having to go through and play by the rules.


And the media wants to make the horse race close is the bigger issue too, that they're not covering the race accurately. And also, you remember when they were writing all of those editorials that Biden had to go and what a disaster it was. Remember Biden was down less, significantly less than where Trump is now when all of that was taking place. And that's everything with the media every day. The media reported that not so much right now at all. And then even the way we'll talk about this Melania story in a bit, in a bit. They're just like, this is ethically questionable. I mean, ethically questionable. I mean, I'm glad CNN did this report.


We've been calling this payment out for quite some time now for like five months to, we've been calling out all the payments and stuff that she's been doing, but like getting a payment and saying it's from a group that's not really that, that's saying they didn't give it to you. That's more than just like a question mark that's like real serious issues. We'll talk about that in more. But let's take our last break of the show.


As a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar and most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically Delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite before and after Gym snack. Every serving of Magic Spoon cereal is 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carb so you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons, brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 11 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, Magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have won every morning to start the day off on the rife foot and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order at Magic Spoon dot com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's Magic Spoon dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off Magic Spoon. Hold on to the dream Magic Spoon dot com slash midas.


The best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store, it's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the Moink movement. Today. Moink delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Moink Farmers Farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Moink meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the Moink difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, Moink gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breasts, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Moink is helping save rural America. Join the Moink movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Moink Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Simonov, jumped at the chance to invest in Moink Plus. They guarantee you'll say Moink Moink. I'm just so happy I got Moink. I know I do and you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink box.com/midas. Touch right now and listeners of our show, get free hot rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's Moink box.com/midas Touch one more time. Moink box.com/midas Touch.


I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre-Cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct on the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre alcohol produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre-ACA before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day. Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita, and the next morning I felt amazing, just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype. And with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first daughter when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Shout out to all of our sponsors, links in description of YouTube and audio. Use those links, use those codes, let them know we sent you, helps the show great products for y'all. Benware to next. One of the things I should have mentioned earlier when I talked about Donald Trump and JD Vans attacking the Haitian communities is how it's also backfiring across the country. For example, in Florida where there's over 500,000 Haitian Americans, the largest Haitian population lives in that South Florida area. And I'm not sure If you saw some of the signs that were there in Union Dell Long Island when Donald Trump was giving a speech there, but they said, we don't need pets, but we sure vote.


And the Florida Haitian community has made it very clear that they will not be supporting Donald Trump and JD Vance as a result of the attacks on the Haitian community. It should also be noted that when you take a look at the margin that Donald Trump beat President Biden in Florida by in 2020, I mean it comes to slightly under 400,000 votes or so. So there are more people in the Haitian community. If they all were to use their voting power against Donald Trump, that in and of itself could potentially flip Florida from red to blue right there.


And then you're also seeing places like the Villages and other very conservative areas in Florida where as I like to call 'em, and I know there are a lot of them who are fans of the Touch Network, classic Republicans, classic Republicans, they're saying, we're not supporting Donald Trump. We, we, we saw what happened on January 6th. We saw what he did with COVI. We may have voted for him before. We're supporting Vice President Kamala Harrison. I hope you all appreciate the videos we do here on the Midas Touch Network, where we highlight all of the stories of former Trump voters who are now supporting Vice President Kamala Harris. And again, it's all anecdotal data that I have, but Brett Jordy, would it be an exaggeration to say that I've at least gotten tens of thousands of these stories, A lot of them unprompted, potentially even when you look for the ones where I've asked for comments and feedbacks, I would say it's over a hundred thousand and potentially more people who have shared these stories in long paragraphs with me and explaining in detail what made them change, how they've changed.


And we've been covering this now for two and a half, three years. And I think that's going to be one of the most significant trends that we see when the election data comes in. And here's why I saw what happened in the primaries. We, this was six months ago, seven months ago, the 5 38 polling aggregates had Donald Trump supposed to get 90%, 95%, and he would get like 80% or like 75%. And Nikki Haley, when she dropped out, would get like 20%. Donald Trump underperformed in 46 of 50 states. And in Michigan he underperformed the 5 38 average in the actual primary by 15 points, 15 points.


You know, Mike Madrid, who I interviewed recently, it was a great interview that came up. He goes, you know, polls give you the map, but they don't specifically tell you the terrain once you are on the ground, but primaries give you the terrain data of being on the ground. And he said that that, that, that is statistically significant. And I just think one of the things voters are fed up about, there's so many examples, but it's like, yet again, Donald Trump tried to shut down the government. It's like the fourth time, remember he tried to get Kevin McCarthy not to raise the debt ceiling, and then he tried to get Kevin McCarthy not to pass a budget or not to reach a compromise.


And then he tried to do it with MAGA Mike Johnson. And then he tried to stop MAGA Mike Johnson from passing a continuing resolution and tried to get MAGA mike to do it again. Donald Trump was able to block a bipartisan immigration bill led by the most conservative Republican, basically in the Senate, James Langford from Oklahoma, which would've been a very important bill. Trump got the nagas to kill that, but he failed once again to try to get them to not fund the government. Donald Trump put out this message last week or in the past week and a half, saying that they need to not fund the government. They need to stop. And he's been posting message like this over and over again, telling people to shut down the government, shut down the government.


And so, you know, MAGA, Mike Johnson does the same dance over and over again where he put in a poison pill into the original continuing resolution. This poison pill was what's called the save act, which Donald Trump says, this is the only way that you can stop illegal aliens from voting. And Democrats are getting all the illegal aliens to vote. So you need the save act so that you can actually use your birth certificate to determine who's an American citizen. Well, let me be very clear folks. There's no evidence at all that illegal aliens are voting that people who are here unlawfully, I don't want to use the pejorative term by the mags, that people who are here unlawfully or don't have legal status, they're not allowed to vote.


They're not voting. There is no evidence of them voting. But what the Save Act would do by requiring this overhaul of the electoral system just weeks before the election, If you focus on a birth certificate, who do you think that impacts a lot? Who, which type of voters do you think that actually impacts women voters whose maiden name may be and oftentimes is different from their current legal name. So women would have to go through a ton of hurdles to prove that their current legal name is consistent with their birth certificate name or else they'll be removed from the voting rolls.


So that was part of the hustle of the Save Act right there. And Donald Trump was claiming, oh, all these unlawful people are, no, they're not. It would never pass in the Senate. And the Democrats stood up to this ridiculous performative crap of, of, of a poison pill. And they said, we're not doing it. And the MAGA Republicans for their own self preservation, because they know that there's a lot of house members who know that the people are, people have caught up to their schemes and stunts at this point. And so they are trying to keep, and like they're not doing this because they're rejecting Trump. They're doing it out of self preservation for themselves to try to stop the bleeding where they're already likely going to lose the house.


They just don't wanna lose it by even more. And that's what they're trying to prevent against. So MAGA Mike sent this letter yesterday saying, we tried to do the save act, we tried to do it, but oops, we didn't do it. So now we're gonna pass a clean continuing resolution. But he had to go through the humiliation ritual that Donald Trump forced him to go through. But then part of the dance you have to go through, then MAGA Mike goes on Fox and then like compares Donald Trump to Abraham Lincoln and George Washington. And they all gotta be like, but he's so powerful, he's so great. And then Donald Trump like forgets about it and moves on the same way that Donald Trump all of a sudden started being very prova like in his speeches and in his events and in his posts, one of his kind of closing messages is Prova.


And it's because he spoke to the head of the vaping lobby recently as the Washington Post reported. And it's like whoever he speaks to last who flats him is ultimately where he sides with on, on, on, on all of these issues. So there's no government shutdown. I I wanna say this though. I showed you the photo at the outset of this with Donald Trump stock, Trump media DJT taking a pretty bad hit again today. It was down like 10% today. I mean, just look at, I mean it was not like six or 7% today, but just take a look at what it looks like over the past month or so. Just look at that. It's been down 70 to 80% over the past six months.


The stock starts trading at $10. So the fact that it's 12 is a bit of a misnomer. 10 is the starting point for special purpose acquisition companies. And remember the pump and dump aspect of this. And so now, you know, if, If you bought this at 80 or a hundred, your entire life savings is probably completely lost on this thing. We've been warning about this every step of the way. So Brett Jordy, that brings us to what you were saying at the outset, which is the MAGA grift right now. 'cause Trump media, that's another Trump failure. Put that in the bucket of Trump vodka, Trump stake, Trump mortgage, Trump airplanes, Trump casinos, Trump University and all of those things that have completely foul and went bankrupt.


It's easy to predict future behavior when passed this prelude. So now what are they doing? They're selling the trinkets. Trump's selling the Bitcoin for the burger. Do we have the video clip of Donald Trump bragging about bitcoins for burgers on Fox? Like this is literally his closing message right now as we get close to November election. I hear play this clip, I don't Even get it. Do you understand what you bought hamburgers? Well, I did. I bought a hamburger with Bitcoin. They said it was the first purchase ever made, I guess of a hamburger or something. And no, look, I'm a believer in staying at the top. This is a hot thing. And rather than having, giving it to China, like the AI stuff, you know, artificial intelligence, China's going crazy about it.


They're also going crazy on Bitcoin and crypto cryptocurrency. And I do understand it. I think it's gonna be a very hot industry and it already China, China's not going crazy about it. China has actually banned it as part of its policy from cradle to grave China. They have their own digital currency and you can't go outside of what the government allows you to have there. So he's trying to sound smart by mentioning China. Again, he does not know what he is talking about there at all. Also, what weird background music there. Like what, what is Fox just doing an ad? Like they, yeah, it sounds like the music from way I've noticed, I've, I've noticed this now in the last few Trump interviews hits on Fox, on Newsmax, on other stations, they're all incredibly heavily edited.


And in the Fox case, the last few segments like that have included this weird music to kind of try to smooth it out in the background. It's very, it's very bizarre and I wonder what the actual reasoning is behind it. 'cause like you said, Ben, that sounds more like lifestyles, the rich and famous kind of e or access Hollywood show, you know? Right. I'd say you, you know, best as a, as an editor, right, it's a trick to pump more energy into the clips to make sure that, you know, he doesn't feel like low energy Donald. That he makes sure that what he is saying is actually, I don't know, accurate, I guess for lack of a, like just adding music is like an editor trick just to make sure that people think that he's like in tune with it and he's complete. Like If you look carefully at a lot of these interviews, you'll see just like random points kind of while Trump is in the middle of speaking, it cuts to like the interviewer cuts to something else.


And it's sounds unnatural because it is unnatural. Like they don't even do a good job at editing it, but they, they take away a lot of the things that he says, you know, I don't know if it's for legal reasons or to protect him. Probably a combination of all that. But, but that's what we're seeing. I think it's actually to distract from his words and you just kind of put him up there. It's actually so people don't listen to what he's saying. Just like white noise in the background. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just like, you know, it's just like images and people just see him speaking and like, because If you listen to what he's saying, like it's quite literally psycho. Like I don't use the term like it's actually psychotic. What are you talking about Bitcoin to buy a hamburger, right?


Like what the hell are you talking about? Like this is an election where people's lives are on the line, right? Like whether or not you have the healthcare that you need for lifesaving treatment and Donald Trump has concepts of a plan, whether you're talking about social security that you need to afford to like live that you paid into a system, right? Whether veterans are getting lifesaving healthcare from burn pits, right? We're talking about whether your prescription drug prices are good, we're talking about infrastructure, we're talking about, and by the way, Ben, there are serious ways to have crypto regulate crypto allow people to use crypto. But I think one of the things that Trump likes is that it is right now like a wild, wild west basically. And Trump loves something that he can manipulate and not get in trouble for ultimately.


Like his stock where he had his people put in their life savings into this thing where he gets to cash out at a certain point and they get stuck with the bag of losing tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars in some cases. But that's the whole thing with the Trump family. The whole thing is one big grift. We saw Melania and Trump, this is from a CNN report, but it follows reporting that we've done here at the Midas Touch Network. Now over the course of what, many months, Ben, If not, over the past year plus Melania Trump was paid $237,000, 237 and $500, $237,500 for a speech at an April fundraiser for the lag of Cabin Republicans at Mar-a-Lago. So let's put it in perspective for a little bit, right?


Melania Trump at the place where she and Donald theoretically live, I know she's often not there, but at, she takes a step foot, she takes a a foot out step, I can't speak today for some reason she takes a step out of her home. She speaks for what, five minutes she gets paid $237,000 for it and that's it. And this has happened repeatedly, like you look through the records, she was paid $250,000 for a log cap in Republican event in December, 2022. She had at least like three other payments that were $250,000 or more that she received for speaking that month. And CNN actually went to the log cabin and Republicans and they said, did you pay this money?


Like we see it on this report that Melania Trump was paid $250,000 here, $240,000 here. And what they've said was, no, well we, we didn't pay it. We don't know who paid it. So there's actually no real record right now of where Melania Trump even is getting this money from. But that even right there, you know, and there by the way, there have been events since then, which have not been reported at this point. She's made like apparently well over a million dollars by speaking for a couple minutes here, a couple minutes there. And like, and she's barely on the campaign trail. It's not like she's giving like, you know, speeches at big corporate events or whatever. She is speaking on her own property. Yeah. And using what appears to be, I dunno, campaign money or Pac money or, or or could be secret donors.


Like you just have no idea. There's like no record of where this money's even coming from. Do you have the speech that she was paid $237,000 for? I know our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski posted it in real time. Let me just show you what somebody, it's not the Lock Cabin Republicans because they just said the payment didn't come from them, even though the financials claim it came from them. But this was the speech. This is $237,000 folks here play this clip. Incredible historic event that we're having here. And obviously having the first lady here just means so much to us that ladies and gentlemen, former and next First Lady, Thank you so For kind introduction and beautiful words.


Good evening. So great to see so many familiar faces here tonight. It's an honor and a privilege to be in your presence once again surrounded by friends and allies who shared a common goal of promoting quality for all. I get it Anna, that's worth at least 10 million right there. Let me show you though. Here's one of the board members of the, If you wanna know, like, well what are they doing on a daily basis? The Log Cabin Republicans, here's one of the board members, she's one of the top MAGA surrogates right now. Her name is Sophia Hutchins, she's also Kaitlyn Jenner's manager.


Here's a, she's a transgender woman and she makes videos like this frequently as part of the Log Cabin Republicans that she's a part of this. And again, this is the organization that on the financial disclosures said paid Melania money but then didn't. This is the types of videos that Sophia is posting daily here, play this club. And since I'm responding to your fun comments, I just put more cream on this hand, more cream on my foot. Another Benadryl. 'cause it's just like driving me crazy when I said a person to be lazy in bed with, I am very specifically meant a man.


Just to be very clear in these, there is any question out there. 'cause of course some of you are DMing, oh well any kind of person, do you mean like are you bi, are you a lesbian? No red blooded straight, very heterosexual and definitely looking for like a red blooded all American type of man. You know, for instance, One of the main MAGA surrogates right there, Sophia Hutchins. And He or she is again railing about some of the biggest issues confronting America today and the L-G-B-T-Q community as a board member of the Lock Cabin Republicans here play this one Hereon.


I'm not a big Amazon person myself, but I'm gonna fill in a little video for you telling you how I really feel. Stay tuned. Take two Amazon's Alexa, bye-bye. Election interference. I felt so strongly I had to get a big sledgehammer. Let's see if I get it. Fuck you. Amazon, For those listening on audio, that's one of the board members of the log cabin Republican organization using a sledgehammer to attack a Amazon Alexa device and saying F you to the Alexa device and recording herself doing so folks, we've gotta roll up our sleeves and we got a lot of work to do and again, we'll continue our investigation work.


Like when she started, when Melania started doing these log cabin Republican events, raised a lot of red flags. Go back Midas a year ago we were raising red flags because you know, there, there were posts, this is from 2022, we were doing videos on this stuff and you know, I'm sure you've probably have seen our Melania series and yeah, one of the reasons I focus on it is just the whole story of Melania is very bizarre. How she was brought into the United States, met Donald Trump at the Kit Kat club, you know, was, you know, not really a model, but claims to be a model from Eastern Europe, but was part of this modeling agency that would bring young eastern European woman to meet wealthy Manhattan men and they would party at these Kid Kat Club things and whatever.


But the broader point is not that, it's also that, you know, she's very much involved in a lot of this stuff also. And so when you see these contributions going to her and now the organization saying they didn't make it, okay, that's a red flag. Who made it? You're supposed to disclose the source of it. I don't see, again, this is my opinion that I'm sharing, it's just an opinion. I don't see how that isn't unlawful to lie about the source of funds that on a campaign disclosure, like to, in my opinion, isn't that what George Santos pled guilty to? Like, i i, isn't that one of the major issues with Menendez Republican, I mean democratic senator in, in New Jersey who was found guilty?


Again, I'm just giving you my, my personal opinions there. Alright, so on that note, I want to give a, a brief update quickly on my status. We, as you all know, we went in early last week to the hospital and we're there for a number of days believing that that would be the day when our beautiful baby girl was going to be born. But the beautiful baby girl was simply not ready then baby's healthy, mommy's healthy, which is always the most important thing. But we were told to come back and so now we will be in the hospital all day tomorrow.


I'm gonna get prepared for that right now actually. And tomorrow we expect to be the birthday of our baby girl, our first baby girl, our first child Jimena. So that will be tomorrow around noon, one o'clock Pacific time. But we'll be in the hospital all day and I expect that I'll be in the hospital pretty much all week. I'll, I'll, I'll see if I have the ability to do any videos or not. I'm gonna always err on the side of being with mom and baby though. But we're in the able hands of, of Jordy and Brett and all the great hosts.


Brett did it when we thought it was gonna be last week. Brett did an absolutely incredible job with those morning hot takes. So I know you're not gonna miss any content with those incredible Brett Brett videos and want to thank all of our hardworking contributors and hosts and producers and everyone involved in this network for stepping up. So I'll leave you with that. We're gonna do another watch party for Governor Walls. If the media doesn't let us live stream it, I don't think they're gonna let us live stream it. So you might as well join our Patreon now in advance, patreon.com. Just join it now because remember last time, yeah, there was only a limited amount of spaces to be in the Patreon to watch, to do the watch party with us.


So just make sure you have a spot to watch Governor Wall's debate, JD Vance, go to patreon.com/midas touch. I wanna thank everybody so much from the bottom of my heart for watching and we'll see you next time. Jordy, take us away. Shout out to the Midas my Day. It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells.


And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch against all enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty, let's use our power. Well,


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.