
A B, C Thursdays. Welcome back.


Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why didn't you Tell me you were Pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just Another doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna sue You. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


Welcome to the Midas Touch podcast Today, Donald Trump's downward spiral continues this time. He's hawking a hundred thousand dollars watches in one of his biggest grs. Yet I am not making this up folks. This is absolutely insane and it's just so beneath the dignity of a president or anybody running for office or honestly just anybody. This is actually ridiculous. Jack Smith has a new 180 page filing outlining damning evidence in the federal election interference case against Donald Trump. We're gonna bring in legal afs, Michael Poppa to join us with all the latest legal updates. I know you folks are going to be excited for that.


Trump also just held this truly bizarre kind of fake press conference at Trump Tower, which is full of more whining and lying. So basically the same old routine we have come to expect from Donald Trump plus Vice President Harris takes her economic message to Pittsburgh. Jordy's hometown sits down for an exclusive interview with MS NBC's Stephanie Rule and meets with Ukrainian President Zelensky, you know, doing things that actual like real candidates and, and leaders actually do. We'll let you know everything that she had to say and just when you thought MAGA could not sink any lower, although I know the Midas touch audience here knows that there is no bottom here. Congressman Clay Higgins delivers a truly horrific tweet targeting Haitian migrants.


All this and more on today's episode of the Midas Touch Podcast. My name is Brett MICUs and I am here with Jordy MICUs. Ben is out on paternity Leave more on that in a bit and we're gonna check in with Jordy in just a sec. but first we gotta check in with this Trump press conference. And I use that term quite generously because it was an absolute mess. It happened this evening over in Trump Tower and Trump was just rambling and whining and it was just like the same old bizarre crap. Donald Trump at one point demanded an apology from A, B, C because A, B, C was mean to him in the debate. He still can't get the debate off his mind. And even when he tried to ask for an apology, he couldn't even like speak, right? He was like, they need a apology.


Watch this. She's and I haven't gotten an apology. I want an apology from A, B, C. Okay? And then he keeps bringing up that Kamala Harris worked at McDonald's or he says that's a lie, even though it's not a lie. He continues to, this is like one of the main things that Donald Trump speaks about. Now, anytime he is in front of an audience, and you could hear him today, this is what he is absolutely fixated on with about 42 or 41 or so days before the election. These people are a fraud. Just like nobody talks about it. But Kamala never had a job at McDonald's. Her resume talks about McDonald's. McDonald's, McDonald's. When I worked at the french fry counter, it was so tough, so hot.


She didn't work there. She never worked at McDonald's. It was a lie. I mean she did, I'm sorry Donald. She did not put it on her resume when she wanted to become a prosecutor because that would be weird. I did not put my pizza delivery experience on my resume when I wanted to work in the film and television industry 'cause it would not apply. But I guess I, I, I guess you don't understand how like the working world works and that sometimes people actually have actual jobs that are not just handed $400 million on a silver platter. Great, right? I mean gi, gimme a break here. Donald Trump is trying to stir up a lot of hatred and stir up potentially violence in these towns across America like Aurora and like Springfield, Ohio, where he's been making up these fake stories about migrants to try to rally people against immigrant communities who are there legally.


You could watch this clip, we'll Send a federal law enforcement, large group of people, but a tough group of people to liberate Aurora, Colorado. The governor of Colorado is petrified of these gangs. These are Venezuelan gangs with equipment better than our military has going in with guns. The Gull governor of Colorado is a coward. He's afraid to do what you have to do and every other, And this was the same sort of language that Donald Trump used. If you remember around January 6th when he would tweet out all caps or truth, whatever it was, liberate Michigan.


Liberate Michigan and what happened, violence started, you know, this is the same January 6th mindset and I think it's important that we call it out. His January 6th was on Donald Trump's mind as well. Donald Trump says that Nancy Pelosi should be prosecuted for January 6th. And once again with 42 or so days until election day, this was Donald Trump's message to the American people. And Nancy Pelosi has a little problem because her husband sold their Visa stock. They had a lot of Visa stock one day before Visa was announced that Visa's being sued by the Department of Justice. Think of that, Nancy Pelosi sold vast amounts of Visa stock one day before the big lawsuit that we all read about a few days ago was brought against Visa.


You think it was luck? I don't think she should be prosecuted. Nancy Pelosi should be prosecuted for that. And she, she'll also be prosecuted for J six because she turned down 10,000 or any number she wanted soldiers or National Guard. And I hope you all read John Solomon and what John Solomon wrote two days ago. I mean it's just like one deranged thing after the next Jordy. I want, I do wanna play some of the other clips 'cause the press did have a chance to ask him a couple things as he was running away from the event and that was a complete disaster. but first Jordy, I wanna bring you in.


I had to play those clips off the top because, because this was just, it just particularly deranged and I think boom, boom, boom, right? You gotta show people just the level of craziness kind of all at once. Because the things that I've noticed Jordy, is that when you watch a show, like on the, when you watch a report on CNN about these sorts of things, what they immediately do is they will show a clip and then they will go and immediately sane watch it. They will say, Donald Trump giving a stirring address on the economy today. And you're like, that's not what I heard. So I wanted you to hear it unfiltered first right off the bat. Jordy, how you doing today man? What's the latest? I'm doing great. I can't wait for today's episode. I'm super pumped for the crossover episode of Midas Touch podcast X legal AF podcast.


This is gonna be really some, some groundbreaking stuff. We have a YouTube channel now for the Legal AF YouTube channel. We'll get into that too when Michael comes on. 'cause I want him to talk to us all about how awesome that's been going. Let me just react very quickly to that last clip you played, Brett I mean the gas lighting by Donald Trump is one of the most infuriating things for me personally. Pelosi should be prosecuted for January 6th. Trump. You should be prosecuted and and found guilty for everything that you've done and that you did on January 6th. And let me just say this too, Brett, about the whole resume, you know, conspiracy that these right-wing lunatics have going on right now, especially with Trump.


You hit the nail on the head. Trump has never had to submit a resume. Neither have any of his kids had to submit resumes. He has no idea how resumes work for people living in the real world. So when he, you know, starts with this weirdo conspiracy theory about how, how Kamala never worked at McDonald's even though she, why would she put that on her resume when she was applying for jobs at that point in her career, right? Like it's just a fundamental misunderstanding of how folks in the real world write their resumes and really try and work themselves up. Here's the thing, here's the thing. Jordy just, he sees the rest of it all kind of slipping away from him. Like all the things that he had to run on, whether it was immigration or the economy, he doesn't have anything left like inflation's coming down.


The Fed is cutting rates. He tries to now frame that as a bad thing. Immigration is at his lowest like levels, the border crossings lowest levels in years and years and years. So all of these kind of same old attacks like don't quite hit the same. So he's gotta make up new kind of deranged ones. Heck we even, even, we even found out today that we learned this morning that the economy has grown 3.2% per year during the Biden Harris administration that's even stronger than previously estimated and better than the first three years of the Donald Trump administration. So like this is actual data that people are seeing and people are feeling in their actual lives. And so when they're confronted with that, the Trump campaign, what they have to do is they need to start making up a whole host of things.


And Jordy, we're gonna get into the January 6th of it all and all these legal updates and the legal AF YouTube channel. I gotta say go ahead and subscribe youtube.com/at legal AF mtn, that channel is on fire. Or as Michael Poppa would say, that channel is a rocket ship folks. It's an absolute, he's still good man. Rocket ship Pop Pock is cranking out the, takes every issue hitting him like breaking news. It's really, really awesome. And it's been so great to see the level of enthusiasm for that legal AF channel. We're gonna have Pope back on in just a bit to give us all the latest here. I wanna go into some of the questions that were happening at this event at Trump Tower. Just before Donald Trump was asked about Mark Robinson, the Lieutenant governor who was handpicked by Donald Trump to run for governor in North Carolina.


Of course we've just had this whole scandal where it turns out Mark Robinson referred to himself as a quote, black Nazi. He said he wants to bring back slavery. He said he like used to peep on girls and locker rooms just like Donald Trump. I guess here is what Donald Trump said when he was asked if he was going to rescind his endorsements of Robinson. Are you gonna pull your endorsement of Mark Robinson? I don't know the situation. Do you believe that? I don't know the situation. Just an absolute coward. And if you notice, when Donald Trump was being asked questions, it was always like he was like running away, running away. That's what Donald Trump does, even the answer, right? He's running away. Running away. And that's what he's also like done to the Republican party.


They all answer the same kind of way. And so Trump was also asked as he was running away about Ukraine, what would you do with Ukraine's? Would you give away Ukraine's land? And this is what Donald Trump had to say then Situation, do you believe that Ukraine should turn over some of its own land to Russia in order to end the war? We'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. Donald Trump has been especially mad at Zelensky in recent days. I actually heard earlier that it looks like they may be meeting tomorrow. Zelensky and Donald Trump. 'cause what happened was, initially Trump was actually supposed to meet with Zelensky vice president Harris met with Zelensky at the White House today. Zelensky was of course in town for the un. And I wanna play some of Vice President Harris's remarks with Zelensky shortly, just to show you the incredible contrast.


But Trump got mad that Zelensky had the nerve to meet with Vice President Harris and got had the nerve to meet with Governor Josh Shapiro Jordy, your governor in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Zelensky went and he visited some of the munition factories who were making some of the weapons that they were using over in Ukraine and he wanted to thank the workers. And so we went over there. Donald Trump took that as a personal attack. And so Donald Trump has been attacking Zelensky day in and day out. Like I said, I do want To get to those comments by Vice President Kamala Harris. But Butty the grift is through the roof right now with Donald Trump. And you know, sometimes I wake up and I'm like, like wake up here on the West coast, like try to rub my eyes, like try to see like what's going on?


What is this, what did I get? All, all the text messages. And then like, someone sends me this and I go the official from the real Donald Trump, come on,


the official Trump watch collection is here. And these watches are truly special. You're going to love them, would make a great Christmas gift. Don't wait. They go fast. I'm like this, this can't be real. Right? And then someone's like, no, there's, there's a video, right? There's a video Special. I think you're gonna love it. My new Trump watches, we're doing quite a number with watches and the quality to me is very important. The Trump victory turian. This isn't just any watch, it's one of the best watches made. It's a turian watch with almost 200 grams of gold and more than 100 real diamonds. That's a lot of diamonds. I love gold, I love diamonds. We all do. Only 147 of these extraordinary watchers will ever exist in the world. And owning one puts you in a very exclusive club. I have Watch number one, and I'm gonna keep it. It's mine. And that's the way I want to have it. Each watch is numbered and extremely rare. A true collector's item. And it includes a personal letter signed by me. Get your Trump watch right now. Go To get trump watches.com. It's Trump time.


Come on. I know we say that. I know we say this own catchphrase. It's Trump time. Trump time his own catchphrase. Could you imagine if Joe Biden had his own catchphrase? It's time selling cheap. And and you're like, okay, so he's selling watches. Like let, they're affordable though Brett, right? Like, like any of his followers could easily just get one. Yeah, right? He's selling for Christmas, right, Brett? Yes. So how much is he selling these things for? And then you click on the page that watch that he was just promoting costs a hundred thousand dollars, like a a hundred thousand dollars for that watch. And you know, I've been looking up what like watch experts are saying and they're like, yeah, it's like not worth anywhere near that.


Obviously it's not a well-made watch and you know, I think he's also putting that out there so that he could sell the quote unquote cheaper ones that are like a thousand bucks and 500 bucks and people think, oh, we got a deal. Also, this to me, maybe we could ask Michael Pop when he comes in about it could, like the legal ramifications of selling a product, a presidential candidate selling a product for a hundred thousand dollars that very few people could buy to me that is ripe for corruption. A foreign leader to step in and spend a hundred thousand dollars on a product. You think Donald Trump, Mr. Transactional is not going to be like, oh, that guy bought my watch for a hundred thousand dollars. I'm going to give him special treatment.


Like of course he will. You know, Donald Trump. This wanna be really clear here too, like this isn't normal. Like, it's not normal for a former president to have a catchphrase and to continue just to, to grift on and on. Whether it's his crypto or his coins or his sneakers. I could or stay, I could keep going and going. Or now his watch, like this is objectively just a very weird behavior that corporate media, not to dos, but that corporate media just let slide, we were talking to Ben today, right? Ben's at the hospital. He's, he's forced to be watching cable news right now. And he said that they were reporting about the Trump watch as if it was just like, and Donald Trump releases his watch collection Today. It's normal. Like this is a normal thing that presidents do.


It's not, and we're gonna call that out here. This is not normal. It's weird behavior. It's grif behavior and it should never exist in the political ecosystem at all, you know, is not normal. With this close to the election when Donald Trump is in North Carolina, a must win state for him. And he's already experiencing all the troubles that he has. First off, the guy looks like a mess. Like I'll pull up these photos of Donald Trump where like, like, I'm just gonna say yikes, like for the audio listeners, it's, it's rough. I'm just, it's, it's rough. Our, our editor in chief Ron Popowski got these glorious photos of Donald Trump that he posted, but you know, you just like hear it in his voice. You hear it in the rambling and the lies. And like, he doesn't even know, he can't even stay on message with like his stupid messages.


So like, here's Donald Trump still talking about now like the 2020 election. And his new thing is to go back and forth between saying he didn't win the election or he won the election, or he lost it by a whisker. So he used this lost by a whisker line again in North Carolina and just, I'll play this first. Getting Ready to do it. And then a lot of bad things happened. We did much better, by the way, in the election of 2020 than we did in 2016. Just remember that millions and millions of votes, more, more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country. But they beat us by a whisker.


They beat us just by a little whisker. He beat us from the basement. And do you remember when Donald Trump was asked literally about those words during the debate? 'cause he had used them previously. And this was Donald Trump's response when he was asked about, did you lose by a whisker? This is what he Said, the focus truth in these times that we're living in Mr. President for three and a half years after you lost the 2020 election, you repeatedly, falsely claimed that You won many times saying You won in a landslide. In the past couple of weeks leading up to this debate, you have said quote, you lost by a whisker that you quote didn't quite make it, that you came up a little bit short. I said that, are you now acknowledging that you lost in 2020?


No, I don't acknowledge it at all say that. But you said sarcastically, you know that it was said, oh, we lost by a whisker that was said sarcastically. I don't think there was sarcasm. And I'll, I'll let the folks in the comments here, you know, we're we're live. You could let me know, was he, did he hear sarcasm in Donald Trump's voice? I mean, he just said it again. Did he hear sarcasm in his voice or did he actually say it? And you know, it's this kind of behavior from Donald Trump that I think we're also sick and tired of and it's really rubbed off on these Republicans of Congress. And later in the show, I wanna also go through like just the cowardice of people like Speaker Mike Johnson in the face of some of these horrific incidents that have been taking place in the house, GOP as they get really concerned about losing the house in November.


But you just see like this guy totally flailing and lying and, and he can't find his footing anymore. So now like that the economy, you know, the inflation coming down, interest rates coming down, Donald, Trump has to say, oh, all that's happening now because the economy's actually doing badly. That's why all these things are improving. Watch this. She didn't support domestic manufacturing. She killed 24,000 US manufacturing jobs in the last month alone. We lost 24,000 jobs. You know, there is a reason for the interest rate cut from the Fed. Big part of that reason is that our economy is doing really, really badly. Kamala I I mean, come on. Like, is is anyone really buying this stuff anymore?


The good thing is, is that things are moving along in the courts and people are speaking out on the streets. You know, you, you see a lot more Jordy you showed me today, you know, even by you in Pennsylvania, a Republicans for Harris sign. And we're seeing this outpouring now of people saying like, enough, like we do not want to deal with this crap anymore. And so, you know, as we sort of see these things Jordy Like, what what's your take now? Like on the ground as you kind of are seeing all these things come together? Yeah, No, look anecdotally here on the ground folks, the energy is real. And it's a very exciting thing for me to see day in and day out. So I live in a county that's, it's an important county in Pennsylvania, it's Allegheny County and it traditionally very slightly falls in liens, Democrat, especially in, in the last election.


It's a key county that Dems need to win. Now I was here in 2020, I'm here in 2024, and I could tell you just from the signage alone, the energy for Harris Walls is palpable. I can't go more than a block or three houses literally without seeing a Harris Wall sign or Republicans for Harris sign. It is really incredible to see, I'm not saying this, the energy didn't exist in 2020, it's on just a whole new level right now as we head into the election in 2024. And yeah, I see the Trump signs absolutely. There, there, there are plenty of them. Yeah, I'm not gonna say there aren't, but when you compare and contrast how many Harris Wall signed I've been seeing here in Pennsylvania in this county versus how many Trump signs I mean it is, it will blow you away.


I don don't know Brett if we have that photo today, but I was just really jazzed seeing that one, especially that's a new one. They pop up every single day. It's just incredible. You know, a as the days get closer here to the election, what, what's going on here on the ground? I, I gotta see if I could find it and if you send it to me maybe after break, you know, we could show it. But I think, you know, people are tired of things like this, like Donald Trump continuing to spread these lies like we saw today. And he was doing it also in North Carolina. Speaking about migrants having a hostile takeover of Springfield, Ohio. I mean this is just, it's sickening. Kamala should Have closed the border years ago and we wouldn't have hostile takeovers of Springfield, Ohio, Aurora, Colorado, where they're actually going in with massive machine gun type equipment.


They're going in with guns that are beyond even military scope and they're taking over apartment buildings, they're taking over real estate, they're in the real estate development business. Congratulations. It's such dangerous rhetoric to be putting out there and 'cause people are going To get killed. And we've already seen now a series of incidents that have happened with kind of schools getting shut down, hospitals getting shut down, various sorts of evacuations across Ohio, across Springfield. And this is a direct result of Donald Trump's words. Thankfully, you know, we see the Haitian community rising up and they are pushing back against all of this. The Haitian community, a nonprofit actually filed criminal charges against Donald, Trump and JD Vance.


And there's a special way in Ohio in which basically private citizens are able to bring charges against people like Donald Trump and JD Vance for doing things just like this. And now they're hoping that the courts are able to issue an arrest warrant for the behavior that we have seen from JD Vance and, and Donald Trump. And we've seen that sort of energy out there. Also, when Donald Trump was in Uniondale Long Island last week, we saw the Haitian community out there and they were speaking loudly and proudly for their community saying, we don't eat dogs and cats, but we vote. And we were seeing the Haitian community be activated in places like Florida too, where Republicans, you know, think that they, that's safe, but the polls lately have actually been quite close in Florida and there are something like 500,000 plus Haitians who there who can vote and they are absolutely pissed off.


Speaking of criminal charges, I do want To get into all of the legal with Michael Poppa, who is here with us after this break. It's going to be an incredible analysis. I love listening to Michael Poppa and his new legal AF channel and of course you'll always hear him here on the Midas Touch Network. But go to youtube.com/at legal AF mtn and go and subscribe to the legal AF channel. It's also, if you go to the Midas Touch YouTube channel that you already know, scroll all the way to the bottom, you'll see all the Midas touch affiliated channels. You could just go through and just subscribe to all of them. Alright, we'll be right back with Michael Poppa after this. You are not going to want, you're not gonna wanna miss this. Trust me,


Prize Picks is America's number one daily fantasy sports app with over 5 million active members. Prize Picks is the easiest and most exciting way to play daily fantasy sports. Unlike other apps on Prize Picks, it's just you against the numbers. All you do is pick more or less on two to six player stat projections and you can watch the winnings roll in. You can now win up to 100 times your money on Prize Picks with as little as four correct picks. So Prize Picks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy so that your lineups stay in play even if one of your players gets injured. Price picks puts their members first. So all withdrawals are fast, safe, secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. Prize Picks invented the flex play, which means you can still cash out. If your lineup isn't perfect, you can double your money even if one of your picks doesn't hit. I've had the best experience with Prize Picks imaginable from my winnings to the easy and simple playing experience. Prize Picks truly separates themselves from others in the space in a big way. So download the Prize Picks app today and use Code Midas and get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S on Prize. Picks To get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Prize Picks, run your game.


Okay, let's be real for a second. Has this election cycle had your stress at a level 10? Is the lingering summer heat impacting your focus, looking for some levity, but need to embrace life with your hands on the wheel? Enhance your every day with VIIA. VIIA is a company dedicated to harnessing the natural benefits of hemp to create high quality wellness products. From setting the mood in the bedroom to chilling out after a long day, VIIA has something for you. With award-winning THC and THC free gummies, VIIA has a dosage to encourage your comfort. No need to block off hours of the day for an unproductive high when you could experience the full spectrum of benefits from cannabis and hemp products with a microdose of THC to give you a little boost without compromising your responsibilities. VIIA is also well renowned for their premium indoor THCA flower soothing topicals and calming drops, all crafted with the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted independently owned American Farms. And the best part, VIIA legally ships to all 50 states in discrete packaging directly to your door with a worry-free guarantee. No medical card required. Personally, I've tried VIIA and let me tell you, their calming drops have become my go-to after a stressful day. The soothing effects are just enough to ease the tension without clouding my mind. It's pure relaxation on my terms, trusted by over a half a million happy customers for their wellness needs. VIIA is the brand everyone is raving about. So if you're 21 or older, check out the link to V'S website in our description for 15% off. And after you purchase, they're gonna ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them that we sent you enhance your every day with VIIA.


You may assume that you're getting everything your body needs from your diet or simple green juice, but I recently discovered that most people, including myself, are still short on essential nutrients. Our bodies need to function at our best. So I've been taking Momentous, creatine Omega-3 and protein daily to ensure that all of my bases are covered. These three supplements support nearly every aspect of my foundational health from aiding my cognitive function to reducing inflammation in my muscles and joints, just to name a few. My Momentous daily protocol has become a staple in my health routine and makes the perfect addition to other wellness products that are part of my toolkit as well. Look, supplements can feel like a dirty word and navigating the space can be daunting due to lack of trust and transparency in the space. But I've come to learn that I can trust Momentous, which makes the decision easier. My trust and Momentous is because of their dedication to working with the best, from their collaboration with experts to their unparalleled commitment to only using the highest quality ingredients. And they invest in third party testing, holding their products to the same types of standards set by the most demanding organizations in the world like the NFL and the NBA, they call it the Momentous standard, which is really the industry's leading standard and quality. Look, there's a reason why the world's best athletes and experts using help develop Momentous products. So if you're like me and you want to take supplements that are made by and used by the best in the world, go to live Momentous dot com slash midas, touch and use the code Midas. Touch To, get up to 20% off your first order. That's live Momentous dot com slash midas. Touch and use the code. Midas Touch.


There's Ben. Oh, There's Ben. That was awesome. It was so good to see him. Links in description of audio and the YouTube, click the links, use our codes, let them know we sent you. Those are some fabulous, fabulous products. Brett, where are we going next? And I think it's gonna rhyme with, I was gonna try and find something that rhymes with Michael Poppa, but it's actually way harder than, than, than Is Michael Loock. Yeah, I I didn't like wanna be offensive. Like it just got, it just got weird. So yeah, it could, It could, it it could go wrong quickly. That's why we gotta leave things to the expert sometimes. So let's bring in the expert Michael Popa from Legal AF is joining us. Michael Poppa, how are you sir? Michael TikTok, what is it? I was, I killed, I killed some, I killed some time buying this lovely watch Courtesy Trump Watch Donald Trump Crazy hundred thousand dollars.


Yeah, I just, you know, I, I said on a recent legal AF, or maybe it was on a clip that's on the new channel, Thank you for talking about it, collaboration with the Midas, Touch, Network and The brothers. We got legal AF, MTN up and running with we're gonna hit a hundred thousand subscribers in our first 10 days by Sunday with the help of the Midas Mighty and the legal AF. That's like unheard. That's like unheard of. Unbelievable. I never heard of it. Not that I have anything to point of reference, but I never heard of that. So the, what what I said there was, if you just go on, like if you're bored and you just go on Donald Trump's ex account or his true social, and I stripped the name off and I told you just read the first 30 posts and, and then at the end, I'll ask you now, do you think that's somebody that's running for president or that's somebody that's running an infomercial empire?


Because it'll go like this, right? It'll go crypto selling coins, selling watches. Kamala Harris failed us at the border selling, selling watch again. Yeah, One of 'em has much more priority than the others. The watch selling just All mush together because again, it, it reinforces my theory that what we've been watching, we just didn't know it. What we've been watching is a new show called Donald. Trump was quietly quitting his own campaign. He has no real, he was making the closing argument not to be the president of the United States. There's no other way for me to put this. I just did a hot take on the new channel where in the waning moments of the, of the election where you're s campaign, there's only 40 some 39 something days left when you're supposed to be putting all of your energy in focus and all your proxies and surrogates trying to help you, I guess win the election.


He sends Don Jr to the Balkans to give a speech to try to pick up Albanian and Serbian American votes from over there. While he of course undermines our NATO relationships in Western Europe. This is the best you can do. The battleground state of the Balkans at this mo they have no interest. All they care about all the Trump family cares about is making themself better off than four years ago. So that they're set up financially, whether it's Jared Kushner, his $3 billion Saudi cut cutter, you know, UAE fund that's now gotten the ire of the Senate Democrats and the Senate Investigation Committee about, as you said before, Brett, foreign influence and peddling in our, in our, in our system of government, in our election system.


That's all they care about. He would love to lose this election. And the question is, are the Mightest mighty and people that follow our channel and all our, our related channels, are we gonna make that happen? Are we gonna give him that gift and put him out of his misery? As Ron Philip Kowski editor in chief said the other day to us, you know, Trump's tried for decades to slap his name on things and try to sell it and he's failed for decades at it, whether it's Trump stakes or Trump vodka or Trump Airlines. And the list goes on and on and on. Finally he found a platform that, you know, he could run for president and when he slaps his names on things, his rubes actually now buy 'em. And so I think he's taken advantage of that in this final stretch because he certainly does not know what is going to happen in November.


And I think he's looking at it with extra fear and extra panic. And I think Popa, he's looking at these legal cases that are hitting him also and he is trying to figure out what is happening there. So Pop Pak, I wanna ask you what is happening there. I know Jack Smith apparently filed this 180 page document, this evidence bomb, if you will, on Donald Trump. I want to hear about that. I think there was an appeal today too by Donald Trump that was being held of the $454 million civil fraud judgment. Wherever you wanna start Popa. But I know the Midas mighty wants to hear from the expert on all the latest legal news Pre appreciate that. And I'm just filling big giant shoes, shout out and love to Ben and Sochi and Ximena the new, the new baby myself as I joke, the the Midas maternity ward has been working over time for democracy, starting with Jordy me and now Ben, you know, and you know, no pressure Brett.


Anyhow, moving on. Let's talk about the thing. I'll do it in, in the order that you laid it out because I think that's the right order. We got Donald, Trump has been squealing like the stuck pig that he is for a while now about, I don't wanna see, or the, I don't want the electorate to see the 180 page brief with attachments and witness statements and evidence. Basically a mini trial in a, in a, in the form of a filing before the election. And he certainly doesn't wanna see two of them before the election. But that's exactly what Judge Chakin said. She needs to have in order for her in the DC election interference case to do what the Supreme Court has asked her to do and demanded that she do and remanded that she do, which is to take their immunity decision and map it on to the superseding new indictment and figure out how much of it survives because, and and the heart of it, just as to make it simple and make it more streamlined, the heart of it is the official conduct stretched to its outer boundaries that is given a rebuttable presumption of immunity that the government can rebut, can overcome.


And that's a lot of what we're gonna see when we all get to see the 180 pages. And I'm not hiding the ball. It's not a cliffhanger, it's just that the, we only got a notice of filing today because the 180 pages has to be reviewed 'cause the classified information by the judge, and she'll figure out what goes on the public docket and then we'll get our hot little hands on it and talk about it. But we, but I can talk about it with, with a, with a good professional judgment and hunch that we always have for working here on, on Midas and illegal AF. So we are going, so that's where the 180 pages are gonna go to rebut the presumption of official conduct that Donald Trump was doing this as part of his job description, absolute immunity, which is the category of constitutional presidential function is not that hard.


And they took care. 'cause just to remind our audience here, or tell 'em for the first time, the, the indictment is new and it, it was generated and obtained from a grand jury after the immunity decision on July 1st. So they had the benefit of it so they knew what they were shooting at, they knew the target they were shooting at. And so I think they've resolved the absolute immunity issue. I think they've resolve listening to the oral argument and reading the decision by the MAGA Supreme Court that ruled this way. They know what to do with the Vice President Pence issue, which Trump keeps raising over and over again ad nauseum in his papers. But it's all about Mike Pence in the pressure campaign.


That is a complete ridiculous rewrite of the indictment if that's what they think the entirety of the indictment is all about. Or as one federal judge sent recently, they don't wanna remove the lawsuit, the fed, the, the, the indictment to federal court. They wanna rewrite the indictment. And that's what Donald Trump has been trying to do forever, is there is the bamboozle, his followers and the electorate about what the indictment says. And now here's 180 pages. It's gonna remind everybody about what much the way the Gen six committee, it's 350, 360 page bomb. A dirty bomb that landed on the table, you know, a year ago. I've in New York, sorry, I'm on the road to the UN and these things happen.


This is live tv. You're, You're all putting our listeners in the action though. So That's live tv ladies and gentlemen. So that 180 pages is not the only thing we're gonna see. It's, and I think that what we're gonna finally see Jordy and Brett is two categories. One bucket of stuff in that 180 pages is gonna be like, oh yeah, that, that doesn't surprise me. That evidence, that witness, we heard about that on the Jan six committee, right? And we've heard about that in other leaks and, and then there's gonna be this whole group of Hope Snap. They got that guy, they got that audio, they got that video, they got that email and stuff we hadn't seen before, even in the Jan six committee report, as exhaustive as that was.


Remember they didn't have criminals subpoena power like a prosecutor. So there were witnesses that refused to testify. There were documents that couldn't obtain, but that wasn't Jack Smith's problem. So now he's packaging it in this 180 and then, which Donald Trump, every filing he's had has been saying, judge reconsider don't do that. We can't, two briefs, I should go first, I should get two briefs. He shouldn't get two briefs. Well fuck it. They're getting, pardon me, they're getting, they're getting po Take two briefs. We, we, we allow, we allow that when bed's not here, we allow. Yeah, yeah. When bed's not here Thank you nobody tells once in a while. And then there's gonna be another brief. Now the the interesting thing here, not To get too kind of inside baseball, but I think people kinda like that aspect of it here is that Donald Trump was so busy arguing against 180 pages and saying it's a monstrosity, there's no precedent for it.


Where can you, you can't allow it. You can only allow 45 pages or, which is ridiculous. I've never had a, a huge case where I haven't asked for more pages in my filing and gotten it. But he never, he never asked for his own symmetrical 180 pages to oppose. So right now, as of right now, as of the time of my Trump time watch, it is 45 pages. All Donald Trump has to oppose 180 pages. Plus now he's gonna have to sheepishly after he gets the 180 pages, you're gonna see, and we'll do a hot take on it. He'll, he'll have to come with his tail between his legs. Well, we, we were opposed to the 180. You should just dismiss the indictment right now as it is. Shouldn't do any more work, your Honor.


But like if they're gonna get 180, we should have 180. She's gonna give them more pages. But because they could not bring themselves to acknowledge that more pages were necessary to do the job, they never asked for their own. That's what they should have done. If they wanted credibility, they should have said, we oppose, we don't think 180, we think one 50 and we'll take one 50. And the judge probably would've been like, well, one 50 is easier for me to read than 180. Okay, do one 50 a piece. But no, because he, he, he, and then my favorite part, I'll leave it on this, on this issue, my favorite part is he got a motion denied that he didn't even file. So Donald Trump has been acting like he's, he's asking for what we call a motion for reconsideration, asking the judge to reconsider her original briefing and, and the way she's laid out this case in September, but he never formally filed it.


So the judge said, I'm gonna treat everything you've been doing here as a motion for reconsideration and it's denied. So I'm like, now he's getting motions denied that he didn even file that, that's how, That's like getting, it's like getting fired on your day off. It's like, I How did To get fired on your day off, man? Is that What I do? Is that a movie Friday? Ran random quotes come to mind. So Pope, I guess my question for you while we have you here is currently this is under seal, this massive filing, and like you said, there could be a lot of really damning information in here that the public has not yet been made aware of. So I guess who is the ultimate decider of if the public gets to see this sort of new evidence and when would that take place?


Yeah, it's going on right now, Brett. So the judge has the final word. It, there's no appellate process for it. The judge has given the absolute discretion, sole discretion there has, it's, it's on a, what's called an abusive discretion standard, meaning no judge gets reversed on this decision ever. She goes through it methodically, usually asks for both sides to make proposals and then there's a little bit of workshopping about it and what should be redacted. And the black lines, the government has the obligation first to make the proposal. Trump can say, no, I don't like the fourth line being blacked out. I think that the public should see that, you know, he's so crazy. He thinks the public should see all the bad evidence against him because, you know, he, he still subscribes to that old adage that, you know, bad news and being notorious is just as good as being, you know, being good news.


So it's like, just, just don't forget to call me late for dinner. You know, whatever. So they're gonna fight over the redactions, the black, the blackouts, and the judge makes the final call. And then she's, what she's doing is balancing as, as the person responsible for the administration of justice in that courtroom. Not just for this defendant, but for all defendants. She has to make that decision about, yes, it's a public process. The public has a, the public has a seat at the, the table in our criminal justice system. That's why we have Speedy Trial Act. It's not just for the defendant, it's for the public to know whether a person is guilty or innocent, you know, so they can make their own decisions about that person.


So there's not an overhang or a shadow over that person longer than there needs to be. That's why you usually wanna go to trial faster. So all of that gets done without weighing that balancing is by the judge. It's being done right now. And we, and then this is a first cut as the case goes on and when it gets to trial, the judge has to reconsider a lot of her redactions and go, well that's now in the public record. Take that new, new version, new version, new version. It gets stripped and stripped and stripped and stripped by the time the trial is over. The whole thing is public. Wow. Unless it's, unless it's top secret and classified. We have that overlay in this case and in what will soon be the reinstated Mar-a-Lago case, hopefully. But we have that overlay of top secret and classified stuff, stuff that your brother loves, you know, his jam, his his sepa, his Sepa jam.


Ben loves Ben, loves a good SEPA jam. Ben loves a sepa, Go to SEPA Jam. Sounds like something we should be selling. Jordy sepa jam, sepa Jam, SPACs and sepa. That, that's like all, that's all Ben right there, right? I Got a hole in your ceiling. Use spac. So, so it it, that will play into this role and that's up to her as well about it all. So they're up to their neck and alligators on the Trump side with their lawyers for sure. And, and because we got other things, of course to, to update the audience on, on the legal side, related to a huge, huge oral argument today before an appellate court in New York about the $465 million fraud judgment against Donald Trump.


Yes. And that's why folks, you gotta make sure you're following the YouTube channel for legal A-F-M-T-N. There'll be a link in the description of this episode. And like I said, all the kind of channels associated with the Midas Touch Network, you could see if you go on our YouTube channel, on the very bottom it says more for Midas Touch. It's super easy. You could just go subscribe, subscribe, subscribe. It takes two seconds to do. Or you could go straight to the address, which is youtube.com, the@symbolslashyoutube.com slash the at symbol legal AF mtn. You gotta make sure you have the at legal AF MTN for it to work. Pop poc, I know your, your time is precious and I know you gotta run soon. Are you able to give us briefly the latest on this appeal argument that happened today in New York Civil fraud court?


And also there are so many cases that you know, I know where like aware of all the various cases, it's easy to forget which one is what. It's easy to like, you know, not remember which one is which. So just also remind people which cases this One? Yeah, I won't, I won't talk in too much shorthand. And by the way, one of the reasons that I'm running a little bit short of time is I have a date tonight. Here's where you guys say, Ooh, but you're a married man that just had a baby. Go ahead ask me who's, who's my date, Who's your ak you're a married man's, your just a date. Yeah. With, with with the anchors of mistrial. That's awesome. Whoa. So we gotta listen folks, we got a crossover episode here, right here on the Midas and a crossover dinner happening with, And I was on mistrial today.


Well look at that I mean, look at that. This this Midas touch ecosystem man. And we're gonna have some more news, by the way, about the Midas touch ecosystem later. Once pop is gone, Jordy and I are excited to tell you about a little new project. We're cooking up a new project, but, but Pop Park, let's hear about this, this appeal. Alright, let's, let's talk about what happened today. So this was the long awaited oral argument, the hearing five judge panel five justices of the what, what we call the first level appellate court in New York. It's a very important one. It sits in Manhattan that handles all New York Manhattan Appeals Criminal or Civil, it's the same court. It's presided over by Justice Renwick.


And then there's a random selection of five other justices. And the topic, you know, the, the topic du jour was whether the panel was going to affirm or vacate all or part and throw out of judge an goons 400 and ultimately $456 million discouragement judgment that he rendered back. Wow. It's backed by the holidays after six weeks of trial in finding that Donald Trump Don Jr. Eric and the entire Trump organization for 10 years or more committed persistent fraud as that term is used under a fraud statute that has been devised by New York to allow the attorney general to be a watchdog and a sheriff over the financial markets, the business community in what is the business and financial market of the world, New York, which is explains why the New York Attorney General is given that tremendous set of powers, those robust superpowers that are unique among even the other 49 attorney generals around the country while now there's a little trade off there.


The, the New York Attorney General doesn't have much criminal prosecution powers. She has a couple small ones, whereas in other states they have a lot of criminal prosecution powers. But she has this one, this superpower, the 63 dash 12 law to go after people like Donald Trump. And so, and Goran did a very methodical 30 page decision. He categorized all the times, this is the case about Donald Trump inflating his assets, reverse engineering them through our fellow podcaster, Michael Cohen back in his prior life and some other financial people within the company to pump up the numbers in order to act like he was a 2, 3, 4, 5 billionaire in order to enhance his personal financial statement that he submitted to counterparties like banks, To get loans, insurance companies To, get insurance coverage to do real estate transactions and different things like that.


And he defrauded those parties because had they known that he was not a four billionaire and his personal financial statement was a mess, which he signed in his own little John Hancock there, they would not have the argument goes given him the testimony supported. It would not have given him favorable rates, they wouldn't have let him off of personal guarantees. They would've maybe not even given him the loan at all. And so how it harms the market is you and me and Jordy and Ben were waiting in line at the bank and we get to the front of the line, there's, oh, sorry, we don't need more money left. We gave it all to that guy at 4% interest rate Like what? And that's how, and that's 'cause you know, everything's finite. If they give it to him, they don't have any for you potentially.


And so it, it's, it's like that. So we had a little bit on legal AF, a little bit of a heart palpitations when this same panel of five justices about four or five months ago decided to lower the amount of the bond, which is a, which is a financial instrument that sits behind a judgment so that the judgment does not get enforced while the appeal is going on. And the bond usually is an amount that will make the judgment creditor the people of the state of New York whole, if the guy defaults and doesn't pay up, doesn't have the assets. And we said, oh well it'll be like a 470 $500 million bond.


And they were like, yeah, 175 million's fine. And we thought, uhoh, maybe they're gonna be, and that's the problem. And that's just something in practicing 32 years in New York that I've always understood, especially in my commercial practice, is that the, the appellate department fir the first department appellate division, which is this court I'm talking about is like a meat grinder almost no judgment number. Judgment, money judgment goes unscathed. They're always pulling out their pen and reducing and lo and all, they never increase. I've never had a case where they were like, no, Mr. Poppa, we think you should have gotten 10 million more. Like that never happens. It's always like, eh, you should have gotten six, not 10 or, or or something like that.


Now here's, here's what happened at Oral argument today. It was argued by John Sour, that Graveley voiced guy who's the lead appellate lawyer for Donald Trump. And to his credit, look, he won twice the United States Supreme Court. He won on that immunity decision I just told you about. He won on the case in Colorado about whether Donald Trump was an insurrectionist that should be barred from the ballot. So he's got a track record, but just not in New York. And New York is a different, is state court. New York appellate is not that. And his, his approach I didn't think was very effective. The lawyer, the appellate expert for the New York Attorney General, Ms. Vail, I thought did a miraculous job. Judith Vail, I thought she did a great job.


She's a straight shooter. She's, she knows her record, she knows her documents, she knows her law. The panel is a little weird. I'm not worried about Renwick, who's the chair, who's the presiding judge. And I'm not, I wasn't worried about Judge Justice Moulton until he asked the question. I'll, I'll leave you the analysis on that. I was like, uhoh, that's not good. And then you've got Higg at Rosado and Friedman Friedman is a complete wild card's not the right word. He's the guy that's basically sided with Donald Trump a couple of times by, by stopping certain actions in the case until the appeal court could get around to resolving it. He loses every time. The appeal court always reversed him. But he was on the panel and he was throwing not just softballs at the lawyers for Donald Trump, he was blowing kisses at them.


And it was like, oh shit, really? I mean that that's where you're going. We know, but, but we just need a majority decision. There's five people. Three's enough. And the question is, can Renwick molten bring and higgitt, which I think is the likely fulcrum, the center of this panel, can they save the judgment and at what amount? And my gut is they're gonna reduce the amount. I'll tell you why. Molten in asking a question to Ms. Vail for the New York Attorney General started it with, I'm troubled by the size of the judgment. Well, that's not a good sign. I mean, she, she, she basically said the right thing, which is the ju you know, don't let him be benefited by the fact that he was so successful at his fraud for so many years, that the size of the amount of money that we had to claw back from him was so large he shouldn't benefit from that.


You know, if you're just a super successful criminal, you know, like, well, it's just such a big number. Oh, well what should we do with it? So she had a good response to it, huh? But, but Molten, who I was counting on as the potential writer of the opinion, that's not a great way to start with troubling. Here's what I think is gonna happen. I'll short, I'll short note it here. They're gonna reduce it. They're not gonna throw it out. They're gonna reduce it to like two, 300 million. I don't think it goes all the way down to 1 75, but don don't think it's gonna stay anywhere near 5 65. It'll be somewhere kind of in the middle. And I think that decision, and, and you could have me back on the show, although that'll be back by then, is gonna come out I mean this court, as opposed to federal appellate courts that take months, they usually render a decision within four to six weeks.


And I think they may feel they, they, they, they, they don't normally have to look at an election clock, but they may feel like they gotta get this out before the election. So I'm not gonna be shocked at all. In fact, I'll be surprised that they don't get it out by like, say the end of October. Wow. All fascinating. Pope Pak Thank you for all the updates. We really appreciate it here. And Thank you, I felt like I was inside the courtroom during the argument, hearing your play by play there. And you know, we're really grateful of course, for, you know, all the work we've done together, Michael Pop Pak over these past few years and, and what you've helped us build here and, and we're, so it's, it's been amazing to see what you're building over there at Legal AF. MTN. So folks, we're on the race to a hundred thousand subscribers over at Legal AF.


MTN Let's go days. So sure use In In days. Honestly, like I don't think this has ever happened in YouTube. Like this is unbelievable. So make sure go right now. Remember you could go, it's in the description of this video and it's also on our channel. If you go to the bottom, you could subscribe to all the channels. Michael Poppa, I know you gotta run, tell the mistrial hosts and everybody make sure you subscribe to Mistrial podcast on audio. Also tell send them our love, please and Thank you for joining us. We really appreciate it. So blessed, so blessed to be a part of your lives. And my journey and your journey linking up really are Thank you Michael Poppa always appreciate you and we will link up later. Alright everybody, we're gonna be back at you. We got a lot more to cover on this episode here of the Midas Touch podcast.


I said I wanted to speak about Vice President Harris meeting with President Zelensky of Ukraine. I wanna show you some of that footage. I wanna show you some of the chaos that is happening in the Republican party and how absolutely spineless that they are. You are not going to wanna miss all these latest updates, but I'm gonna need you to stick around 'cause we got one final break of the show.


Are you interested in having hair that grows faster, stronger, and longer, having visibly thicker volume, experiencing noticeably less, shedding thicker lashes and brows? All of this is possible with Neutrophil. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people see thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding in just three to six months. With neutrophil thinning hair is different for men and women. So a one size fits all approach to hair growth doesn't cut it. Neutrophil has multiple formulas for men and women that are tailored to different life stages, such as postpartum or menopause and lifestyle factors such as a plant-based lifestyle. So you could get just what you need. Physician formulated with a hundred percent drug-free ingredients. Neutrophil supports healthy hair growth from within by targeting key root causes of thinning, stress, hormones, aging, nutrition, lifestyle, and metabolism through whole body health. While many supplements rely solely on ingredient studies, neutrophil clinically tests final formulations to ensure their efficacy. In a clinical study, 72% of men saw more scalp coverage after taking Neutrophil Men Hair growth supplement for six months. And 86% of women saw improved hair growth after taking Neutrophil Women Hair Growth supplement for six months Get result, you could run your fingers through For a limited time Neutrophil is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to neutrophil.com and enter the promo code Midas find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend Neutrophil for healthier hair. That's neu Nutrafol dot com, spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com. Promo code Midas, that's neutrophil.com promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S.


Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. For example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day. Ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre alcohol and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Back in the description of the YouTube and the audio, use our codes. I'm really psyched we got Neutrophil as a sponsor. I've been using them for a month now since before they were a sponsor. I've really gotten some compliments in my hair, not compliments. I'm used to getting so big fan of that. ZBiotics fabulous as well. I've been a partner for a while. Links in description audio and YouTube. Brett, where are we going next? Well, first I just wanna say another Thank you to Michael Pop Pak. Yes. Love getting those legal updates. And I'm gonna, we will give you some more updates on Ben and we also want to give you some updates on a new thing that we're starting here at the Midas Touch Network. That's a little tease for you for, but first I do wanna speak about Vice President Harris and some of the things she has been doing in the past few days. It's important that we focus on her message and who she's speaking with and what she's doing.


We saw Donald Trump's deranged message, don don't even know if you call it that you saw that he's selling these ridiculous watches. Just Grifting left and right. Meanwhile, vice President Harris is out there, you know, speaking with the American people and speaking about actually like her economic plans and her policies. Jordy, she was in your neck of the woods this week actually. She was in PI in Pittsburgh speaking to the economic club. And she was speaking about, you know, many American manufacturing and what the Biden Harris administration has done. And she took a particularly strong dig at Donald Trump here. Just listen to the end and, and watch your face, which is my favorite part if you're watch it a lot. Now look, my opponent, Donald Trump, well he makes big promises on manufacturing.


Just yesterday he went out and promised to bring back manufacturing jobs, and if that sounds familiar, it should. In 2016, he went out and made that very same promise about the carrier plant in Indianapolis. You'll remember carrier then offshore hundreds of jobs to Mexico under his watch. And it wasn't just there on Trump's watch, offshore went up and manufacturing jobs went down across our country and across our economy.


All told almost 200,000 manufacturing jobs were lost during his presidency starting before the pandemic hit, making Trump one of the biggest losers ever on manufacturing. Now that's how it's done. And you know that she knows that Donald Trump is seeing this stuff also, whether he watches it on the Midas, Touch Network or, or sees it elsewhere. And she gave him that look at the end, which you know, is going To get absolutely under his skin. But you know, one of the things I've noticed about Vice President Harris Jordy in the past, honestly since she started this campaign, is while Donald Trump has pushed away kind of anybody who isn't in the MAGA bubble, vice President Kamala Harris has welcomed people with open arms, whether they are Democrats or independents or Republicans, no matter who they are, she's made a concerted effort to reach out to all these other groups and to let them know that I'm going to be a president for all Americans.


You know, I'm, I'm here for everybody. And when she was speaking about her economic agenda in Pittsburgh, she was speaking about this fact that she's not gonna be like beholden to any just ideology because there's a party label on it. And I thought this was probably a message that would be that I think folks, you know, kind of of all political stripes would be happy to hear. And I promise you I will be pragmatic in my approach. I will engage in what Franklin Roosevelt called bold persistent experimentation because I believe we shouldn't be constrained by ideology and instead should seek practical solutions to problems.


Realistic assessments of what is working and what is not. Applying metrics to our analysis, applying facts to our analysis, and stay focused then not only on the crises at hand, but on our big goals on what's best for America over the long term. And part of being pragmatic means taking good ideas from wherever they come. That's, it's just such, it's so refreshing to hear that, especially, you know, when we're inundated with all the Trump stuff, to just hear somebody who's thinking of things thoughtfully and you see her efforts Jordy look like they're paying off.


We were speaking about earlier, you seeing all the yes Paris wall signs out there in Pennsylvania and seeing far fewer Trump signs like you used to see throughout the neighborhood, which is comforting from an anecdotal perspective. And quite frankly, it's something that a lot of you have also shared with us in the comments. But then you're also seeing it in the form of endorsements like this, which came through this week. Nikki Haley's, Michigan leadership team is endorsing Kamala Harris I mean, that's an important swing state. And as a reminder, Nikki Haley won 300,000 votes in the GOP primary early this year. You know, we see polls fluctuate, we see Kamala Harris now kind of hovering around in the national polls, kind of five points up, six points up, seven points up.


And the state polls, some of the state polls show her, you know, leading in all the swing states. Some of them show more neck and neck. Some of her show were down by a point or two. They're a little all all over the map. But you can't deny the fact that we are seeing these coalitions coming together. And also, this is stuff that I think gets even caught up. Like I don't think the polls fully capture this. And I'll tell you why, because we had elections already. We had, they're called primaries, right? We had primary elections and in each of these primaries that Donald Trump participated in, we saw like 20%, 25% of Republicans say that they would not vote for Donald Trump and instead voted for Nick Haley, who was in all, for all intents and purposes, like a conduit for just never Trump. And when those voters left the polls and were asked why, remember, this is like hard data, right?


And they were asked why they said they would never vote for Donald Trump, right? Or if they would ever change their mind, they said they would never. That's still going to be a big factor, which is why I think we see the Vice President Harris Wall's campaign ramping up their efforts to reach out to all these groups. And I think it's working, I think people can acknowledge when they're, you know, sort of politically homeless, if you will, when they're kind of on the fence and don't know where they belong at this point. 'cause they're like, I'm not this MAGA thing, but can I be a Democrat? don don't know If I could be a Democrat, like my dad would look and look down on me if I were, could I really do this? But Kamala Harris is putting in the work, and I thought this clip was so instructive of that. These are people in Pennsylvania, Jordy, Pennsylvania Republicans speaking about Vice President Harris's outreach efforts.


And I thought this was just really fascinating to see the Republicans for Harris event. What do you make of the Harris campaign trying to be a bit more bipartisan In their approach? I I like that. If they're genuine about it and, and listening to both sides and hearing what the people really want. And there's a lot of really important issues out there. You know, I've never been a part of something like this where the opposite, like I said, the opposite party's coming in and saying, yeah man, we're gonna, we're gonna do a little event for you. If we're gonna make you feel welcome, we're gonna hear you out. And I'm really happy that the Harris campaign is reaching out to Republicans like myself. I love that so much. Yeah, I really do.


And I think our audience, I know our audience loves that too. What I love so much about that specifically and what I love about driving around here, you know, in, in my county in Pennsylvania and seeing the Republicans for Harris or the Republicans for Harrison Wall signs out there, it, it gives folks sort of a permission structure, Brett, to what you were just saying before, like, wow, I'm a Republican, but can I really vote for a Democrat? Yeah, you can. And when I love when I see people speaking out like that, Republicans who are saying that, oh, the Democrats are really the, the pro-democracy party right now. They're, they're, they're, they're the adults in the room. I, I can't vote for this MAGA thing.


I just can't bring myself to do it When they speak out, it allows others who are like-minded to them who are also Republicans or you know, maybe have never voted or voted Democrat to be like, oh yeah, I do love this country and the Democrats are putting out the only candidate that I can actually vote for to preserve democracy. It's incredible to see. Kamala Harris has a fabulous ad right now that's running in Pennsylvania where she talks about when she was a prosecutor that she never asked, you know, are you a Republican or or a Democrat when she was taking on these cases because it simply doesn't matter to her. And that's that type of sort of just pragmatic approach that resonates with folks in the commonwealth and frankly across this country that she will be a president for all Americans and Donald Trump, right?


We heard it during the DNC when, when we were speaking there, where it was don't count the lies, start counting the eyes, right? Everything is me, me, me focused. When Donald Trump is speaking, he makes everything about himself. Only he can save us. That's not what society, that's not what this country is founded on. And that's not what Kamala Harris is going to do and project forward. And I just love her messaging. Brit, she's been on the ball every step of the way and, and it's refreshing and it, and it's having an impact here with folks in the commonwealth. Yeah, I think most people are just like exhausted with this crisis. Yes. You know, it's like enough is enough. And, you know, I thought I saw this, I'm not sure if, if you all saw this recently on M-S-N-B-C, but it was during Alex Wagner's show, they did a focus group like this was so fascinating to me.


And they asked people like, who are you gonna vote for? Right? And you know, some people raise their hands for Trump, some people raise their hands for Harris and then they asked, who do you think is going to win the election? I'll play this clip, watch what happens. We are back live in Michigan. Despite the tight poll numbers in the state, the voters I spoke with yesterday in Saginaw seem to think that this race already has a clear and likely winner. Who here thinks Kamala Harris is gonna win the the election? Who here thinks Donald Trump's gonna win the election? No one. Interesting. But whether or not that sentiment is actually a good thing for the Harris Walls campaign is very much up for debate.


And she makes a good point at the end there, honestly, because, you know, you can't let anything like that get you complacent. But I think it does show you what I mean. These are people in Michigan, right? A very important swing state here. This is the vibes that they're getting, you know, being on the ground. But you know, I, I agree with Kamala Harris though. This isn't 2016, this isn't 2020, this is its own thing. It's gonna come out to turnout and it's gonna come out to all of you, you know, getting out there and, you know, making the case and, and getting your friends and family to show up to the polls ultimately. And I love seeing Vice President Harris speaking about her economic message. I love seeing, she has like great surrogates out there, like Mark Cuban, like an actual billionaire out there. Yes. He's been in the TV circuit and he's been speaking about her economic policies and, and he's been going like, you know, into the foxhole, no pun intended, literally going on Fox, going on all these other channels defending, you know, Kamala Harris's policies and talking about how insane and how dangerous Kamala Harris's policies are.


And I think you kind of need everything you could get right now. You can never get complacent. Yeah. How, how insane Donald Trump's policies are. You can never get complacent. You can never just think that, oh, this pulse says this, so we're good. No, you, you use it all as fuel, right? That's, that's what she gotta be doing. You know, I wanna make sure that we speak about these Republicans though, because what's at stake, this election is far more than just the top of the ticket, right? It's the House of Representatives. Think about all the damage to just our psychological state that happened because the Republicans won the house barely in 2022. We've had to deal with investi bullshit investigation after investigation after investigation.


Waste some money here, waste some money here. Gridlock. Government shut down. Oh, we gonna shut down. Oh, we're not gonna shut down. It's just like, enough is enough. And we have to deal with people like Clay Higgins having power in this Republican party and the Republicans being too spineless to stand up and say anything when the comments are this atrocious. Clay Higgins yesterday did one of the most disgusting posts that I've ever seen from a politician, period, end of story or anybody for that matter. He wrote, and I hate even reading it, he wrote LOL, these Haitians are wild eating pets, voodoo, nastiest country in the western hemisphere, cults, slapstick, gangsters, but damned if they don't feel all sophisticated now filing charges against our president and vp.


All these thugs better get their mind right and their ass out of our country before January 20th. Like first of all, Donald Trump is not the president. JD Vance is not the vice president. They will never step foot in the Oval Office. Period. End of story. Second off, these, as we said earlier in the show, are legal immigrants who came to these towns in order to help them because they were asked to, because the towns were riddled with drugs. They were unable to find people to even fill basic jobs and factories and whatnot. And these people came in, these Haitian migrants, they filled the jobs and they actually made the community not fail. They actually made it succeed. And people like Clay Higgins and these racists in the Republican party continue to strive this narrative, which is absolutely dangerous.


It is dehumanizing. It is gross. And we spoke about the lawsuit earlier, the, the criminal charges, which is what Clay Higgins is referencing there. But here's the thing, normally if somebody were to say something that utterly reprehensible and you had a leader of the party, the leader would step in and say, that's gross. That is not what we stand for. Mike Johnson is not such a leader. Here's what he said. The next, Any, any comment on the tweet that Clay Higgins put out today about Haitians? Go ahead. I heard about that on the floor just now as well. Clay Higgins is a dear friend of mine and a colleague from Louisiana and a a, a very frank and outspoken person, but he's also a very principled man.


And I think he tweeted, I don't, I didn't even see it, but he tweeted something today about Haitians and he was, he was, he was told him he was approached by January 20th or that they were caught. Well look, he was approached on the floor by colleagues who said that was offensive. He went to the back. I just talked to him about it. He said he went to the back and he prayed about it and he regretted it and he pulled the post down. That's what you want a gentleman to do. I'm sure he probably regrets some of the language he used, but you know, we moved forward. We believe in redemption around here. Why your eyes shifting? Mike Johnson, why your eyes shifting around all like that? And I'm blinking a lot while you're speaking. Is it because you're a complete and total liar who doesn't have a spine? 'cause let's hear what Clay Higgins had to say on CNN about all this of Americans against another. Congressman Higgins has told CNN that he stood by his comments adding quote, it's all true.


I can put up another controversial post tomorrow if you want me to. I mean we do have freedom of speech. I'll say what I want. He also said, it's not a big deal to me. It's like something stuck to the bottom of my boot, just scrape it off and move on with my life. You know, speaker Johnson claims he prayed about it and regretted it and, and took it down. Maybe he had another talk with Jesus. It really sounds like he prayed on it, Mike Johnson and said exactly what you said. But here's the good news. Okay, here's the silver lining that I could leave you with as we begin to wrap up here. We could change this, right? Like you could have those crazy people, they're gonna exist, right? But you could relegate them to not positions where they're in the majority and have total control over your lives.


Enough is enough. Like you could stand 'em. And that's why voting up and down the ticket is so important because you could get to someone like Mike Johnson, you could get the gavel out of his hands and put it in the hands of somebody like an Hakeem Jeffries who has been very outspoken on this issue, knows right from wrong. And by the way, I know for damn sure he would not be afraid to criticize a Democrat for saying the same thing. Absolutely 150%. And that right there is the difference. It's about our common values, right? It's about common decency. It's about what it means to actually be an American. And it's about fighting for an optimistic vision of this country. I think that's what we're all here to do. That's why we have millions of people who listen to the show that are Republicans and Democrats and independents.


'cause those labels just don't apply. We're all here to try to bring back normalcy and bring back what is good in our country. I told you I wanted to give you a few updates first, Ben sends all of his love to you all. Ben's been in the hospital all week with his wife. They welcome the birth of their baby girl. Jimena. Let's go. She is absolutely beautiful. I had an opportunity to meet her. Jealous in the hospital this week. It was awesome. I got to see Ben, I got to see his wife. It was really a, an incredible experience. I may have shed some tears, spoiler alert, but it's, it's been such a joy for our family and we wanna Thank you for all, all the kind words and, and Ben sends, you know, all of his love.


And, and Ben might be back on Monday show. We'll, we'll see. We're trying not to work him hard on, on that note, Thank you for welcoming me also to fill in, in all these roles throughout the network. Great. It's, it's been, it's been cool seeing the response and I, I'm very thankful it's big shoes to fill, but I'm thankful that you're welcoming me into your home, onto your phone or wherever you listen or watch to do these takes.


Third, we have a new initiative here at Midas Touch that we're super excited to speak about. It is called Midas Plus and it's midas plus.com. What we've been noticing is we've been getting, now, believe us, we hear you like we've been getting messages after messages after message after message saying, listen, we love the content on Midas news.com, but the ads are driving me up the wall and, and it's, and it's borderline unusable sometimes and it gets difficult and we totally understand. Oh, right. The issue is, is that those ads allow the site to exist and, and are part of the thing that allow us to build out the staff and all that. So what we thought is what if we made a platform, midas plus.com that takes the best of our investigative work from Midas Plus and then adds even more unique content from our editor-in-Chief Ron Philip Kowski, unique insights, unique reporting, and we have that@midasplus.com available to people who subscribe. It's a substack if you know what Substack is, this is a substack, but you get it in our personal link at midas plus PLU s.com. And the, the, the reaction we've received already has been through the roof. It's been amazing, amazing. We have a hundred something thousand subscribers already on there. And you, one of the cool things too when you're on midas plus.com is you could comment on all the articles, you could share them out. You could like them, you, if you're on Substack notes, you could talk about them and, and it, there's this whole community element, there's a chat room there also. So it's just another way for us to continue to grow this network in, in unique ways. And by the way, our midas news website.com, that's always gonna be free and that is still there and there're gonna be new articles in there still the same way. Like you always see 'em every day. This is just another option for those folks that are like, I love the content, I don't love the ads. And I'd love even, you know, a bit more of those kind of analytical pieces and, and I'd love to hear from Ron a little more and things like that. Go to midas plus.com, check it out. Subscribe. We'd love to have you there. There's gonna be a great community already. A great community there. Yeah, that community I know is gonna continue to grow and I'm super, super excited about it. And Thank you to all of you for the kind words on midas plus.com. Be sure to check it out.


Jordy, did I miss anything? I'm not sure if I missed, did I miss anything? You nailed it, Man. I think Ben would be very proud of this episode. I think we held it down well for Him. I think I, I think so too. Thank you so much to everybody for watching. I gotta get back. Yeah. I feel like I gotta get back to doing some hot takes like Ben, right? So Thank you so much for watching. Remember, check your voter registration. Remember to tell all your friends and family to check their voter registration. You know, this election's gonna, it's in your hands. Our democracy is in your hands. And I hope these shows help you, inspire you. And I hope you take the what your learnings are from these shows and the inspiration that you feel and you go out there and you put in the work. Thank you so much for watching everybody. Jordy, why don't you take us out. Shout out to the minuses The


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas. Touch Network, the Film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch against all enemies tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty, let's use our power. Well.