
And you, and you just repeated the slur again. If it doesn't matter, why do you all keep questioning her identity? She's always identified as a black woman. She's biracial, she has a Jamaican father and Indian mother. She's always identified as both. Why are you questioning that? Well, George, first of all, this is something that's actually a conversation throughout social media, Right. now, there are a lot of people who are trying to figure this out, but again, that's a side issue, not the main issue. The main issue, sir, One second. You just did it. You just did it again, Of the United States. Why, Why do you, why do you insist on questioning her racial identity? You want me to talk? I I want you to answer my question, George. George. George. Now that you're George Stephanopoulos of a, B, C, just putting on a clinic there, showing how you handle a Trump surrogate when they show up on your network, not to let him just get away with saying whatever unhinged, dangerous and hateful things they wanna say.


Byron Donalds was trying to push these horrific talking points from the Trump campaign and that Donald Trump was spewing each and every day since vice President, Kamala Harris became the presumptive democratic nominee. And Stephanopoulos just shut him down. JD Vance went on Fox and Maria Bar Roma asked JD Vance, you are pretty much universally detested. You have a negative 24% approval. Tell us, did Donald Trump make a mistake picking you? Watch JD Vance's nervous laughter. Play this clip. First, I Wanna talk about you because you've got a lot of people talking about you on both the Democrat side and the Republican side.


You've heard the chatter. They're saying, some people are saying, you were the wrong pick for Trump's running, mate. What are you doing about it? Well, Maria, all I can do is go out there and prosecute the case against Kamala Harris. And So over and over again on the weekend, we saw the Trump surrogates getting completely shredded. And then pro-democracy forces showing up, Republicans like Chris Christie and Jeff Duncan and others pushing back and exposing the threat of Donald Trump and the Maggart Republicans. And this came as the Harris campaign announced the Republicans for Harris campaign within the campaign highlighting very prominent Republicans as well as Republicans across the country, putting country over party and voting for vice President Kamala Harris.


This is Chris Christie. Chris Christie went on the weekend news networks. And here's what Chris Christie had to say, play the clip Impulse. You can't imagine that anybody who understands anything about politics would say, Hey, here's a great idea. Go to the National Association of Black Journalists and question whether Kamala Harris is really black or not. Thi this is what happens, George. And this is how you can tell that this race is changing. Because what happens is when Donald Trump's ahead and he feels like he's comfortably ahead, he is willing to go with conventional smart political advice. As soon as he thinks it's getting close, he goes back to the greatest hits.


You saw this at the convention when he didn't think he was getting the reaction he wanted from the beginning of the speech, he went back to the greatest hits. You saw it at the NABJ and you saw it last night in Atlanta attacking The Republican Governor Right. now here's Brian Kemp, who he has attacked mercilessly since 2020, sponsored a primary candidate against him, who, by the way, Kemp got 70% of the vote against in the primary beat Trump's endorsed candidate. And this is a guy who won big in 2022 when lots of other Republicans up and down the ticket, including in Georgia, were losing. And so to attack Kemp is a stupid thing, but this is who he is.


George. This is personal. He's juvenile. And so he is gonna continue to attack not only Brian Kemp, but the women in Georgia should have heard loud and clear last night. He attacked First Lady Marty Kemp, just as viciously as he attacked the governor. And that's the greatest hits. That's what he'll go. You Hear Chris Christie there saying, look, this is a changing race. One of the more pathetic things was other Trump surrogates, like Mark Wayne Mullen, the Republican senator from Oklahoma, he showed up, spoke with Dana Bash. And what Mark Wayne Mullen was upset with apparently was at Brian Kemp, the Republican governor of Georgia, for not showing up to Trump's hate rally, where Donald Trump just spent the time attacking Brian Kemp.


And Trump was posting on his social media platform attacks that not just Brian Kemp, but Brian Kemp's family, Brian Kemp's wife, but to Mark Wayne Mullen, Mark Wayne Mullen, MAGA Republican goes, you should just do what Donald Trump tells you to do. Brian Kemp, watch how pathetic this is. And then, you know, Dana Bacher, I think Elise did the right thing here where she was like, even if that means overturning the results of an election, that's what you think Brian Kemp should have done here. Watch this, play the clip. If you want to dive into to the, to the difference between what's happening with President Trump and Governor Kemp, you have to really talk to them about it. I'm not involved in that, but I do know that it was personal to President Trump when Kemp came out and and aggressively sought President Trump's endorsement.


And he chose to go away from him when President Trump needed, needed him. And let me tell you, I'm a friend and I'm a loyal friend. If my friend needs me, especially if they've done me a favor, I'm gonna be all in for them. I'm gonna do everything possible to help 'em. I'm not gonna play politics with it. That's why President Trump even overturned the election when I needed him. He was there for me. I mean what he was asking for that, that's a total separate issue. That was about election. Well, that's why he's upset. Know. But we looked, but we looked at an endorsement. No, we we we're talking about endorsement. We're talking about coming out and supporting him. Kemp came out openly and said he wasn't gonna vote for President Trump in the primary. That's what this election's about. You're talking about something four years ago. Let's talk about what's happening today in this election. Today. Today, president or or Governor Kemp came out, not today, but in this election cycle.


Kemp came out and said that he wasn't voting for President Trump in the primary. That's a problem. Kemp is in office. Kemp is in office because President Trump endorsed him and hi, his wife and him knows that. And so, but it, but the media wants to talk about that. They want to talk about anything but what this Hi, Harris Biden administration, I would not asking has done to our country, our world not asking, I would Not be asking, asking you about this. Had President Trump brought it up on the stump and then done it in social media. Sure. And I do, I really wanna ask you about the Mid East, but before we go, I just do wanna say that the reason why Governor Kemp didn't endorse Donald Trump in the primary is because Donald Trump tried to overturn what Kemp believes is a free and fair election in his home state. I wanna ask you about the situation in the Middle East Israelis or Then you have Ron Johnson from Wisconsin maga Republican senator going on Fox, where they praised him for his anti-vax stance.


Play this clip. By the way, I had a picture of you. I saw you, I saw you at a podcast with, with Russell Brand. He was cross-legged interviewing you, you were in, in your suit. I thought it was such an interesting shot because you two couldn't look more different. And yet both of you, I think, were two of the most courageous people during the Covid pandemic scam. And both of you have also stood up for those who were vaccine injured. So I just really wanna thank you for your courage 'cause I I, I really appreciate it. It was a, it was a fun interview. It was all right. Thank, thank you Senator. Thanks Senator. All Right. Then we have the former Lieutenant Governor of Georgia.


You have Republican Jeff Duncan. And here's what Jeff Duncan had to say. He said, look, Donald Trump is a felon. He is someone who's been found liable for sexual assault. This is a threat to our democracy. Here's Republican Jeff Duncan play the clip, But he also went after the sitting governor who happens to be a Republican. Let's listen. Your Governor Kemp and Raff are doing everything possible to make 2024 difficult for Republicans to win. Kemp is very bad for the Republican Party. He wouldn't do anything. He could have ended the travesty with a phone call because I did nothing wrong.


Kemp is your former boss. We serve together for sure. Brian Kemp has forgotten more about being a Republican than Donald. Trump knows about being a Republican Brad Raff Asperger, and myself included. We have done more for the conservative cause than than Donald Trump has ever done. This is now starting to not be Donald Trump's problem. This is starting to be the Republican party's problem. We have to call him out for what he is. He's a felon. This thug who walks down the street and throws sucker punches at people like Brian Kemp, like African American journalists like John McCain. And the list goes on and on and on again. And the Republican Party is content sitting across the street watching it happen and not calling him out, not jumping into that fight and saying, you are wrong. For us, this 10% in the middle, which now feels like it's growing to be bigger than 10% in the middle, that's gonna decide this election are paying attention.


And I've never seen a human be more self-destructive than Donald Trump. The last two weeks. He continues to do it over and over and over again. And when he loses and the Republican Party finally catches their breath and wakes up and says, we need a GOP 2.0, there'll be, there'll be some people around, but it's gonna take time to fix. My hope is that Kamala Harris ends up being a blank canvas for us to be able to help work these new policies and new ideas into place. That's the risk I'm taking as a Republican voting for Kamala Harris.


Final Word, have you heard that the flavored air category is quickly becoming the leading alternative to vaping and smoking? It's a whole new movement towards better habits led by the sponsor of this video. Fume Fume is an award-winning flavored air device. Flavored air isn't like vaping if Vapor was compared to sticky soda. Fume cores are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, and orange vanilla. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics vapor or combustion fume draws flavor to your mouth. Fume fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave. You still have something to reach for. Fme is not a vape. There's no vapor, and you could use it anywhere. There's no nicotine. It's not addictive. The non-toxic flavors are a guilt-free alternative fume doesn't use any batteries, so you'll never need to charge it. The design is super sleek, it looks awesome, and you can truly feel the weighted high quality design. One of the things about Fume is that it's made to fidget with and it calms anxiety with magnets, STAs and Clicks fume continuously invest in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products. fme is also backed by doctors in the United States. My favorite fume flavor is Crisp Mint is honestly delicious, and I couldn't recommend this more for anyone trying to quit their bad habit. Fume has served over 300,000 customers, and you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use my code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to tri fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com, tri fume.com. Use code Midas or scan the QR code on screen to get a free gift with your order today.


Another clip here from Chris Christie. Let me show you this one. This is really important, and I'll tell you this. What do if she picks Shapiro on Tuesday? Donald Trump created Josh Shapiro. How? So? He endorsed Mastri the weakest Republican candidate in that field. What it allowed Josh Shapiro to do was, instead of playing to his base to try to win a narrow election, he saw an opportunity for a coalition building election. And that's what he did. So now he's seen as a coalition builder 'cause he did it. But the only reason he could do it is because Trump made another ridiculously stupid endorsement by endorsing Mastri who was a flawed, weak, bad candidate.


If Josh Shapiro winds up winning and they, and Trump loses Pennsylvania, he can go back to his decision in 2022 as planting the seeds for that loss. Well, I mentioned the Republicans for Harris Organization, Republican voters against Trump's. Been doing a great job highlighting these Republicans for Harris. Lemme just show you some of these videos of former Trump voters who are now voting with for Kamala Harris. Here's Arwin. She's a former Trump voter. She voted for him in 2020 and she says, no more play this clip. He's telling us these stories of vengeance and fighting. And that is not the kind of leader that I want to be leading our country.


My name is Arwin and I currently live in Kansas, and I voted for Trump in 2016. I did not vote for him in 2020, and I will not be voting for him this year. But of course, one of the newer reasons that I won't vote for him is his designation as a felon. Many roles that are vital to our country, including teachers, are required to have a clean background in order to fulfill their roles. And the fact that that is not true of the presidency is a big reason why I'll not support him. I also do not like the way he seems to sp deceit and lies. And you cannot trust anything he's saying. You want to have trust in the person who's leading your country. It also seems that he is inviting the Republican party to delve deep into hatred and divisiveness and violence.


He is telling us these stories of vengeance and fighting. And that is not the kind of leader that I want to be leading our country because I want our country to come together instead of come apart. So whoever the Democratic nominee ends up being, I intend to vote for them Over the weekend. We got to see this video as well, a former Trump voter. Here she is, Kathy, and she previously voted for Trump. Take a look at her. His son was just born and he goes out and has an affair with a porn star. He goes out and has an affair with another woman that was a Playboy bunny. I just can't even understand it. I won't vote for Trump ever, ever again. I'm Kathy. I'm from Florida.


I'm a former Trump voter. I was worried about Hillary's baggage in 2016. Now look at Trump. Wow, unbelievable. After watching Trump perform in the White House and all his stupidity, I just could not vote for that guy again. When he didn't win the election, he reminded me of a little baby with temper tantrum. But it involved a lot more people and a lot more serious actions. Not to concede to an election. It's anti-Constitutional I mean the guy was totally off the wall. People lost their lives. January 6th was such a shame. I do believe that a woman ought to be able to choose for her own body. You see the things that Trump was in quarter about I mean he did a sexual assault. He had hush money for a sexual encounter he had with a porn star.


How are we gonna put that in our history books? He was a unholy father. I mean his son was just born and he goes out and has an affair with a porn star. He goes out and has an affair with another woman that was a Playboy bunny. I just can't even understand it. I won't vote for Trump ever, ever again. I will vote for Harris. I just would not vote for Trump. Ever, ever, ever. Another voter right here saying, look, care about my grandkids. We gotta move this nation forward. Not go back to Trump's hatred and division. Play this clip. I'm a 56-year-old white gun owned and country boy. And if Kamala Harris thinks she'd get my vote, well she'd be right.


'cause I'm also a grandfather. We failed to leave my kids' generation a better world. And now I worry not just about the kind of world will leave my grandkids, but what kind of country will we leave them? That other guy, I'm also a veteran from a long line of veterans and he's just not safe. So yeah, I'll be voting for Kamala Harris 'cause she wants to move us forward. By the way, the Midas Touch Network has unearthed more footage of Shady Vance in the past, saying things like Donald Trump is the same as an opioid. He compare Donald Trump to an opioid play this clip.


Absolutely. It Doesn't make sense in some ways and in other ways, it makes all too much sense. Yeah, it's, it's unfortunate in a lot of ways because I, I, I think in many ways what Trump is is just another opioid. Opioid. He's something that's gonna take the pain away. He's gonna make people feel better for a little while, but at the end of the day, the problems are still gonna be there and Donald Trump isn't gonna make. And Let's talk about The prop. Another clip that we've unearthed of Shady Vance play this clip, It's joining us now, former Marine Yale Law School graduate and author JD Vance. He's out with a new book, hillbilly Elegy, A memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis. And a lot of the themes of the book relate to why we've seen voters respond to Donald Trump.


Something we've talked a lot about here on the show, JD wrote about that connection in the New York Times piece entitled The Bad Faith of the White Working Class, which reads in part this A few months ago, I visited with a few teachers from my old high school. One told me that after a student, a bright young man from a rough home stopped showing up to class, she drove to his house on a school day to check on him. She found him and his seven siblings home alone. Her promising student, two preoccupied with tending to his brothers and sisters to care much about school. A younger teacher listening intently, sighed. They want us to be shepherds to these kids, but so many of them are raised by wolves.


In the white working class, there are far too many wolves, heroine, broken families, joblessness. And more often than we'd like to believe, abusive and neglectful parents, it's horribly surprising that into that vacuum has stepped Donald J. Trump for many, he is the only thing left that offers comradery, community, and a sense of purpose. Wow. But it sounds like you think, welcome to the show. It sounds like you think that's a false sense of purpose. I do think it's a false sense of purpose. And I think that what's happened is where in in these communities where everything has kind of fallen apart, folks aren't going to church. Their kids are addicted to drugs. They don't have a whole lot left. And Donald Trump is one of the few things that they do have.


And I think it's unsurprising that he's not just popular, but in some ways very, you know, a source of excitement and pride for folks In this community. Unbelievable I mean. There's a absolutely Worth mentioning as well that Donald Trump's communications director, Caroline Levitt, gave an interview with Fox and then she posted, why is Kamala Harris afraid to debate President Trump? Well, he's not the president anymore. Let's be clear about that. But take a look at the Chiron Trump. Why should I do a debate? Yeah, Donald Trump was the one who backed out of the debate like, what are we, you wanna talk about the gaslighting and the lies? There's a debate scheduled with George Stephanopoulos on a b, C on September 10th.


Donald Trump calls him Slop opolis. Slop Opolis is what Donald Trump says and has backed out of that debate. He says, A BC is fake news and it's unfair. And that's why he's backing out just whiny petulant behavior right there. And there's, it's obvious why Donald Trump is now trailing in even the real clear politics, average, other national, the 5 38 average, you know, all of the major averages and, and, and in the swing state polls just whining over and over again. Worth showing you this as well. Just to remind you, the energy at the GSU Center in Atlanta when vice President, Kamala Harris spoke on July 30th, and compare that to what it looked like when Trump spoke on August 3rd.


Played the clip. We'll come to America when we host the Los Angeles Olympics. And by the way, which I was president, we happened to get it. I was the president. I also got you a thing called the World Cup, which is coming very soon. So tell me what you think, folks in the comments below. But I wanted to highlight for you what went down with those various appearances. You know, I just think the momentum's gonna keep on building. Let me know what you think though. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers by the end of August. Do you think we can get there? Just 200,000 plus more. Let's get there. Thanks for watching.


Hit Subscribe. It's free to subscribe. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.