
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


This is serious folks. Donald Trump just announced that he is making Fox News host Pete sif, the next Pentagon chief. That's right. Pete Hegseth, a Fox News host, will be the Secretary of Defense. Donald Trump is appointing him to that position. Obviously it has to be confirmed by the Senate here. This is Laura Ingraham announcing that Donald Trump has made this appointment here, play this clip That our own Pete Hegseth will be his Secretary of Defense. Pete, of course, has been a host here at Fox for a number of years. He's an army veteran where he served in Afghanistan, in Iraq, Trump saying quote, Pete has spent his entire life as a warrior for the troops and for the country.


He's tough, smart, and a true believer in America. First with Pete at the helm, America's enemies are on notice. Our military will be great again in America. We'll never back down. Wow. That is pretty cool. Gosh, we're gonna, we're gonna miss him at Fox, but that's a game for the country. And just so we know who we're talking about here, this is Pete Heif previously on Fox in a segment called Is College Worth It? Here, play this clip Alma mater. I have a new, new rule. Yeah. Interesting. The more, the more elite the university and advanced that a, a graduate is, the more the dumber they are, the less likely I am to trust them.


If you went to the Ivy League, prove to me that you have any common sense at all. You had Ivy League ap. Yes. And I sent one of my degrees back. Okay. I'm just, And here, this is from 2019. Donald Trump's secretary of defense nominee Pete exit, saying that he never washes his hands and can't remember washing them once in the past 10 years. Play the clip. I don't think I've washed my hands for 10 years. Really? I don't, I don't really wash my hands ever. Don't wanna help me. No, I inoculate myself. It's just not, Germs are not a real thing. Oh, true. I can't see them, therefore they're not real. So you're becoming immune to all of the, all the bacteria. Exactly. I can't get sick. My, so here's the official announcement from Donald Trump, just so you can see it for yourself right here.


Statement from Donald Trump. I'm honored to announce that I have nominated Pete Heif to serve in my cabinet as the Secretary of Defense. Pete has spent his entire life as a warrior for the troops in the country. Pete is tough, smart, and a true believer in America. First with Pete at the helm, America's enemies are on notice. Our military will be great again and America will never back down. Pete is a graduate of Princeton University and has a graduate degree from Harvard University. He is an army combat veteran who did tours in Guantanamo Bay, Iraq, and Afghanistan. For his actions on the battlefield, he was decorated with two bronze stars. So he did serve as well as a combat infantry man's badge.


Pete has been the host of Fox News for eight years, where he used that platform to fight for our military and veterans. Pete's recent book, the War on Warriors, spent nine weeks on the New York Times bestseller list, including two weeks at number one. The book reveals the left wing betrayal of our warriors and how we must return our military to meritocracy, lethality, accountability, and excellence. Pete has also led two veterans advocacy organizations leading the fight for our warriors and our great veterans. Nobody fights harder for the troops and Pete will be courageous and patriotic champion of our peace through strength policy.


So you see Donald Trump announcing it there as well. Jake Sherman says, this is gonna be a hard confirmation To get through. I'm not really sure if that's gonna be the case. It seems like Donald Trump's MAGA will rubber stamp this. I don't know what's next. Are you gonna have Sean Hannity become the Attorney General? Are you gonna have Jesse Waters become, you know, I don't know the CIA director. And anyway, this is at a time where Putin has not deescalated and Putin has also claimed that any news that he's had a conversations with Donald Trump, which Trump claims took place, is pure fiction. Trump had leaked to the Washington Post that he had told Putin to deescalate.


Putin has done anything but deescalate.


I've been trying to lose some weight lately and get a little healthier. And I'll tell you what's been a key for me. It's called ProLon. And a lot of our viewers say it's changed their life. So forget everything you know about fasting. I want to tell you about ProLon by lra. It's the only patented fasting mimicking diet that combines the benefits of prolonged fasting with science-backed nutrition plans. So you can hit your health and weight loss goals without actually having to give up all the food. So introducing Pro Prolong is a revolutionary plant-based program. It nourishes the body while making cells believe they're fasting, research, and develop for decades at the University of Southern California Longevity Institute, by the way, I teach at USC Law, it's backed by leading us medical centers. ProLon helps promote healthy blood sugar supports cardiovascular health, And. it reduces abdominal fat. But ProLon isn't a diet. ProLon is a science science based on Nobel Prize winning discoveries in medicine. It all starts with ProLon five day program snack soups and beverages. They're all designed to keep your body in a fasting state unlike anything you've ever experienced. I, I did the five day program. I feel so much better, feel more energy. And the thing is, it's not a diet, it's a science And. it was convenient. They sent me everything I needed all in one box. I followed the directions. It was great. No wonder thousands of doctors are now recommending ProLon to support healthy blood sugar and cardiovascular health. So right now, ProLon is offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners 15% off their five day nutrition program. So go to ProLon life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. That's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/midas ProLon life.com/midas for this special offer. Thanks Prolon, that's ProLon life.com/midas.


Check it out. Now back to Pete Hegseth, who Donald Trump just appointed to be the Secretary of Defense. I can't believe I'm even saying that. Pete Hegseth here in this segment was on Fox and Friends complaining that veterans who use the benefits they've earned are quote, dependent on the government and lack personal integrity. Play this clip Active. Here's the hospital you use within this radius and you get this doctor, as opposed to empowering the individual to say, I've got a knee issue, Dr. Jones down the street could help me with it and the dollars could follow me. To, get that address. We're still getting on lists. To get to, of course, see their hos, their doctors. Unfortunately. Look at this Veterans grant of disability compensation. If you compare after World War ii, 1.5 million veterans, 2017, 4.5 million veterans.


This is a really complicated discussion. This is about disability ratings that which isn't always necessarily tied to healthcare, but the idea that you, this, the healthcare you get is about service connected disabilities. So if you're, if you go to war and you get injured, we'll take care of you. So when you come home, they try to rate what, how much, how, how disabled you are. And that's how much care you get. Well, I could be rated for 50% right now if I wanted to be I mean, just to have a totally and vets know this out there. I could do ear and ankle and knee and back. And this is proportional, right? 'cause it's proportional for different injuries that you have. Groups out there, vets groups mostly encourage vets to apply for every go government benefit they can ever get after. Why not? They leave the service because, well, why not? Right? The government's giving it out.


Yeah. To me, the ethos of service is I serve my country because I love my country and I'm gonna come home and start the next chapter of my life. And if I've got a chronic condition, mental, physical, otherwise the government better be there for me. But otherwise, I don't want to be dependent about, I don't have to integrity. You gotta have Personal integrity. Well, and right now a lot of groups are convincing vets to give, get, take more from the system as opposed to just what you, what what you need for the service you gave. And You compare the budget here in 2007, the budget was over $72 billion, over 9 million veterans using the va. And now in 2017, $176.9 billion with just barely just just under 10 million. So just about a million more using the system.


How does that Happen? We did a big study. Now here's another recent segment of Pete Heif questioning a democratic voter from New Jersey. You could watch this again. This is now who's appointed Secretary of Defense play this clip? Janine, as a Democrat leading toward Biden, what is, what would you like to see from, from a president in 24? Let's see. I'm gonna pick education and I'm gonna say that education is a key issue in our society. So I want no books banned. I'm very anti-Anything being banned, you don't want your kid to read it. That's fine. I want my kid to read a little bit. But so about like the 2,500 book span so far will trans The trans Advocacy. She can, I have one daughter, elementary school. She can read whatever she wants to read at an age appropriate to what she's, so how about like The Bible?


But, but I, what if we wanted to teach the Bible? I'm Catholic. I I've already taught her about the Bible. So, 'cause I'm Catholic. So, but what About in school Though? Absolutely. Oh, in school. Oh no. Oh, separation Can have Gotten in to school. Separation, separation of church and then all history. That's not, Not the Constitution, thats a whole thing. All history should be taught. That is African American history, native American history, Latino history, you know, Asian history, Caucasian history. All history should be taught in public schools. So I'm gonna say I'm very pro-education. It's, it's so interesting 'cause education will be a topic cutting in both directions. Very pro education. You described it differently than I think some, many of our other panelists Would as well. Which means that DeSantis is a thumbs down because he doesn't want to educate people on black history. And so I take that as a Seeing A black woman, which your anti-blackness is showing That's, that's A false state.


And he can, you can be anti-black and be black. So his anti-blackness, you Wanna keep black on the school, But just slip back in school. Plantation. But just slip back in School choice. School choice is a civil rights issue. Separation of church and state. It's The underground railroad to give black and brown children an opportunity. Absolutely not In this country. We're anti-Black history. You just told me that. Well, I I don't think anyone is anti-black history. That is No, he was saying that before. Hyperbole on top of whether you want a radical Marxist theory and critical race theory being taught to kids that devise, that doesn't make you anti-black history. Here's just another clip of Pete Hegseth talking about being at CPAC and saying that people are more concerned with wokeness than Ukraine. Here play this clip, Pete, we do know at least from reports that the president will shift in something in terms of bringing Ukraine into his comments at the State of the Union tomorrow night.


Yeah, he will. The problem is, and Lisa Elton's, right, I mean I don't envy the White House speech writer whose task it is to take the last year and a half and try to make it look rosy I mean. Look at that AP headline that correctly depicts the state of America, both at home and abroad. If he wants to talk about what's happening in Ukraine, what will he say other than the things we told you would deter? It didn't work. If he wants to talk about Afghanistan, he'll say what he said in the past, which is it was gonna be this way no matter what, no matter who ended the war. Which anyone who'd been there or who'd seen it knew that's not true. It certainly didn't have to end that way. And then here at home, he's what Lee Elden said is right. And I was at C Ppac this weekend talking to conservatives and, and young people, and they said, yes, what's happening in Ukraine is important, but it pales in comparison to the crime I see in my streets to the wokeness I see in my culture to the inflation I see at my pocketbook to the real border I care about, which is the southern border, which is wide open on every single issue.


The quality of life of average Americans has gone down. I mean the, the taxi driver I spoke to just yesterday said, takes me, cost me twice as much. He said, I didn't vote for Biden, but it cost me twice as much to fill up my, my tank. Every time I drive I feel it and I realize I was wrong. So the best thing Joe Biden could do on this grandes of stages with all abbis eyeballs on him is admit some shortfallings admit we aren't where we should be. And then course correct. And here Pete Hegseth showing that he has, this is from 2020 showing that he has no sense of international affairs by saying that on Iran, the US can work with allies that are still there, like the Kurds.


Okay, here play this clip. Certainly what the president will stay focused on is America's interests. Hmm. That's why one of my favorite things about this was Trump's American flag tweet right afterwards. I mean it's a reminder that this is an action taken in advance of American interests. We can't rely on Iraqi guards standing outside our embassy. No, guess what? We've been training 'em for 16 years and they still let the Iranians through to trash our embassy. We can't rely on allies who've never been full partners as, as much as we'd like them to be in the war against radical Islamic terrorism. If we're gonna defend ourselves, it's going to be us. As it pertains to Iraq and the future. I mean we killed an Iranian general in Iraq trying to destabilize the country. We've spent that much time, blood and treasure investing in. I say I mean listen, if the Iraqi Parliament votes to say we don't want the Americans there anymore, as far as I'm concerned, fine, fine, fine.


And I say, hand 'em all guns and let 'em shoot each other. And, and I know that sounds sort of like barbaric and backwards, but I think there are a lot of people out there in America that say, if you're not satisfied yet, if you won't follow through and defend yourself yet, then at the, at what point do we decide it's not in our interest? We can do some from further away and work with allies that are still there, like the Kurds. But pouring money and pouring weapons and pouring investment into places where people don't want it or they're not capable of keeping it is something this president ran against. So this action should not pull us closer to war, but instead it's weakness invites challenge. This is strength, which I think sends the signal the right signals we want to run.


So that's right. Donald Trump has officially appointed Pete Hegseth, the Fox News host to be the Secretary of Defense during these very, very critical time. Someone with zero experience doing anything like that. You gotta take this very seriously, folks. This is probably Vladimir Putin's dream come true as frankly Donald Trump is now just making, he always has been, but just making a mockery of our entire country and putting unqualified people in the most important positions. Well anyway, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers.


Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.