
Donald Trump speaking on Friday in Johnstown. Pennsylvania, what a bizarre speech this was. I'll give you the low lights right now. Donald Trump in this speech that I think was supposed to be about the economy, said Women love Donald Trump. I love them. I love them. Here. Play this clip. Somebody said Women don't like Donald Trump. I said, I think that's wrong. I think they love me, I love them, I love them. Donald. Trump then says, nobody knows what Vice President Kamala Harris's name really is Play the clip. But the fake news is doing everything possible.


Everything they can to help Kamala Harris. Do you ever notice? Nobody knows what her last name is. I go, okay, I'm gonna give you the first name. Tell me the last name. and I say Kamala. They have no idea who the hell she is. Donald Trump then brags about weaving words and he says that he can have nine different topics and then weave them together. And even English professors say, this is really good. Donald Trump. Good job here, play this clip. But what happened? So with Afghanistan, you know I do the weave, you know what the wave is? I'll talk about like nine different things and they all come back brilliantly together.


And it's like, and friends of mine that are like English professors, they say it's the most brilliant thing I've ever seen. And but the fake news, you know what they say? He rambled. That's not rambling. When you have, what you do is you get off a subject to mention another little tidbit. Then you get back onto the subject and you go through this and you do it for two hours and you don't even mispronounce one word. Then Donald Trump said of Byron Donalds an African-American Magar Republican congressman, that one is smart here, play this clip, check It out. and he immediately, the first thing he did was approve the Nord Stream pipeline.


And then they'd say, Mr. Congress, oh look who we have. Byron said that, please superstar of the future. He's already a superstar, but he's a superstar of the future. Byron Donalds, Florida. Wow, that's nice to have you here. That's good. He's great. and he is great. He knows exactly what I'm talking about. That one is smart. You have smart ones and you have some that aren't quite so good. But we have a group of people that are really good. But, So I then Donald Trump says that people are going after him for protesting elections and that's all they've got here. Play this clip. You know, the only thing they go after is guys like Trump because he protests an election.


That's the only thing they're good at going after. They don't go after criminals. They don't go after people that kill people. Donald Trump then tells a story about the New York Times and how they were writing about him on the first page. And then later they're writing about him on page 17. and he finds this interesting and he wants to share it with the audience on his campaign. Stump speech, play this clip. It was a story in the New York Times, which is losing reader after reader. I'm happy about that. I have to be happy because they truly are the enemy of the people. They are the enemy of the people. They tell false stories about me. That's all they do is they write false stories. They're incapable. I could do the greatest thing.


I gotta tell you, I ran for office and they were covering it viciously, but it was front page every day, every day. And then I won. I beat everybody. and I had a story on page 17. So I won David and my story was on page 17, but I was always at page one when I made a little speech or something. It's, that's why they call it the fake news media. Donald. Trump then lies about his crowd sizes and claims that there was 107,000 people in a speech that he gave in New Jersey. Play this clip.


And they say he had a hundred thousand people. You know, New Jersey, we had 107,000 people. They never liked to report it, so I say it, but in Wildwood, New Jersey, they announced 107,000 people. And Then Midas Touch has already debunked this. The entire venue that Donald Trump spoke at and Wildwood New Jersey was only able to hold 20,000 people. It was less than half full. When the MAGA mayor of Wildwood announced the amount of people he lied, And said it was the amount of people who like visited that weekend in Wildwood, New Jersey. After he was called out for the lie. Donald Trump then continues to lie, says vice President Kamala Harris is trying to take away your gas stoves and heaters play this clip.


She's trying to take away gas stoves and heaters. She's Va. Then Donald Trump just starts cursing and says that everything vice President, Kamala Harris does turns to the S word and he just starts cursing. And then he talks about how he should use foul language 'cause it's the right word to use here. Play this clip She's done to every place she's touched has turned to shit. Every single place she's touched. Every place she's touched.


You know, I, you might have heard this, Franklin Graham is wonderful and he wrote me a letter and he said, sir, I love your stories and I love listening to your rallies, but could you please don't use foul language. Your speeches would be even better if you didn't use foul language. But there's an example, it's not really that bad a word, but how can you top that word for what I'm talking about? Right? What word? Every place she touches wouldn't be nice. People would, that would be a thud. It would land with a thud. No Donald.


Trump then says that Jimmy Carter, former President Carter's the happiest person alive right now here play this clip. Mail-in voting, Jimmy Carter held, headed up a commission. By the way, the happiest man in the United States today is Jimmy Carter, president Jimmy Carter. My wife went to the funeral of Rosalyn beautiful funeral like eight months ago, and I looked at Jimmy. Jimmy's old, but he's happy. You know why? Because his administration is considered brilliant compared to this administration. Brilliant.


He's a happy man. It should be noted that former president Jimmy Carter stated that he's hoping to stay alive long enough to vote against Donald Trump and vote for vice President. Kamala Harris and his will to live right now is rooted in making sure Donald Trump loses the election in November. Donald Trump then says that vice President Kamala Harris will soon start wearing a MAGA hat. Here, play this clip. But that's her. And now she's changed everything. In fact, I think she is going to soon apply for, give me an application for joining maga. She's gonna, she's gonna be wearing a MAGA cap.


As a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically Delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are like crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite. Before and after Gym snack. Every serving of magic spoons cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carbs. So you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 11 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have won every morning to start the day off on the right foot and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off magic spoon. Hold on to the dream magic spoon.com/midas


Donald. Trump then talks about Disgracing Arlington Cemetery. and he continues to now say that this was a setup and that it was the White House in Biden and Harris who made this up, that this was a public relations stunt. and he said that's not what he was there for. He Play the clip And it was so beautiful and we left and everything was nice. And then later on that day I heard that we were using the graves of those soldiers for public relations purposes, you know, and that was all put out by the White House. Joe Biden killed those young people because he was incompetent.


And then they tell me that I used their graves for public relations services. Donald. Trump then started talking more about the Arlington Cemetery incident, where his campaign staff attacked an Arlington cemetery worker. So Donald Trump could have a photo op and Donald Trump says he actually doesn't want publicity here, play this clip and Carved Andra with the names on him. I said, absolutely. I wasn't doing it for, I don't need publicity. I get a lot of publicity I get, I would like to get a lot less publicity. I would pay to get, I'm the only guy I would hire a public relations agent to get less publicity.


Most hired to get publicity. Donald Trump now is using this line about making America healthy again. Even though he tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act, claimed he had his own plan but never introduced it. And also his project 2020, his project 2025 plan would take away your Medicare and your social security, your play, this clip, beautiful Speeches. We're joining forces to defeat government corruption, restore free speech, and make America healthy again. We're gonna make America healthy again. You know, we're a nation that is not doing well in a lot of ways and we're not doing so well with health, but we're gonna solve a lot of those problems I think over the next short period of time.


Donald Trump then talks about wanting to go to same day paper ballots. and he says you need to have citizenship papers. And again, spreads the lie that immigrants or or MI migrants who are not citizens are voting, which is not the case, but play this clip. We have to get back in and we have to change it all. We want to go to paper ballots, we want to go to same day voting, we want to go to citizenship papers and we want to go to voter id. It's very simple. We want to get rid of mail-in voting mail-in voting, Donald, Trump then brags to the audience that he has the greatest life and he's seen all of the oceans, but that he's happy to be where he is today.


Play this clip. But they think if they keep saying it over and over, you know, most people aren't like us. They're not that, you know, they drive a cab, they're carpenters, they're electricians or accountants. Their lawyers, they, they're not like into it other than they like Trump. They like meaning, they like our policies. 'cause it's not about me. This is not about me. I had a nice life, you can ask my friend, I had the greatest life I could go to the most beautiful places. Look at the most beautiful oceans in the world. Instead, here we are. And I'm happy as hell to be with you because I like it much better. Donald, Trump then tells this bizarre story about American flags that linked up like a perfect angel.


Play this clip. We get a little itchy David, don't we? How? No, no, he's on our side. You know what he's showing at Butler? An amazing thing happened. You are two American flags very far apart. Held up I think by different cranes. There were very big flags, beautiful flags, and they were waving. And as that horrible event was taking place, the wind blew the flags together and they formed a perfect angel. don don't know if we have it, but it was a perfect angel was formed. And then Donald Trump says that he will imprison people if they burn the American flag. Here, play this clip. You got some of the greatest congressman warriors here that you have anywhere and congressmen go to Congress soon, like immediately, but soon we should give a one year sentence in jail to anybody that burns the American flag.


You should do that, Mike. Do It well. Does that also apply to you putting your name over the American flag and desecrating it that way? Does that apply to you replacing the American flag with maga flags? Also, it should be noted as Donald Trump was in Johnstown. He told, going back to the, the first thing that he said when he told the crowd that women like him, Donald Trump backtracked on what he said yesterday. And now Donald Trump is endorsing Florida's six week abortion ban. And he's doing that by also lying to this Fox reporter and, and lying in such a vicious and ridiculous way saying that they're in, in states, they're allowing abortions at nine months and allowing babies to be executed like he thinks.


What we're all stupid I mean? How, how horrific of a thing is that to say, here, play this clip voting Yes or no on Amendment four in Florida. So I think six weeks you need more time than six weeks. I've disagreed with that, right From the early primaries when I heard about it, I disagreed with it. At the same time, the Democrats are radical because the nine months is just a ridiculous situation that where you can do an abortion in the ninth month and you know, some of the states like Minnesota and other states have it where you could actually execute the baby after birth. And all of that stuff is unacceptable. So I'll be voting no for that reason. By the way, the Florida amendment to overturn the six week abortion ban, literally codifies Roe v.


Wade, it's the right to choose up until viability. That's what it says. And what Donald Trump is backtracking is, here's what he said the day before. Here play this clue one, Does I mean I take everyone Heard? And you want abortion to be a state's rights issue in Florida, the state that you are a resident of, there's an abortion related amendment on the ballot to overturn the six week ban in Florida. How are you going to vote on that? Well, I think the six week is too short. It has to be more time. And so that's, and I've told them that I want more weeks. So you'll vote in favor of the amendment. I'm I'm voting that I am gonna be voting that we need more than six weeks. Look, just so you understand. So Donald Trump will just change his position every single day.


And there he is saying that he supports the six week abortion ban. You heard him say it himself. He now owns that issue. That's his position that he is voting against, overturning it. He's for the six week abortion ban. And then he's like just lies about it and says they're executing babies. They're not executing babies. There's not nine month abortions. That's not what's happening. That's not even what the Florida Amendment says. The Florida Amendment codifies Roe v. Wade viability. But don't let the lie get in the way of anything that Donald Trump has to say. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content.


Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.