
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gouge, a URI Collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


The states that voted for Donald Trump are getting the biggest middle finger in the world from Donald Trump. When it even comes to things like disaster relief and FEMA aid. Donald Trump is looking at these red states that many of them overwhelmingly voted for him and Trump's saying, F you, I hate you. You are not getting aid. Go screw yourself. He's not using those exact words, but he's sending the same kind of form letter saying, we are not giving you a, he did it recently in Arkansas. He did it recently in Kentucky. He did it recently in Georgia.


He did it recently in North Carolina. Now obviously Arkansas and Kentucky voted like what? 63, 60 4% for Donald Trump. He's not even giving them emergency aid. I want you to think about that. And then in the past two weeks or so, we reported how he's not giving North Carolina aid to remove debris. He said, Uhuh, you ain't getting that. And then a few weeks before that, he told Governor Kemp of Georgia, I ain't giving you debris removal aid. Go deal with the debris yourself. State federal government is not helping you out. And by the way, while Donald Trump is giving the middle finger to these states on emergency relief from freaking natural disasters, what's Donald Trump's spending his time doing?


Well, he was pumping up his meme coin yesterday by inviting the 220 people who have the most Trump meme coins in their wallets get special access to Donald Trump. And they could have a private dinner with him. Black tie optional of Co. Donald Drum says it pumped the value of his meme coin. But then it quickly went down. It's like a pump and dump with this guy while he is okay dumping the debris and dumping all of the disastrous things that happen with natural disasters on even red states and blue states alike.


Donald Trump is saying, my meme coin what? It went up 71% and then it went right back down. And I I, I want to tie this all together. So first, let's take a look at this from Arkansas. Tornado victims blocked from federal recovery aid after Trump denied request. So Trump looks at victims of a tornado and Donald Trump says, screw you. The Trump administration denied Republican governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders request for individual and public assistance following an outbreak of severe storms and tornadoes that also affected neighboring Mississippi and Missouri and left more than 40 people dead.


And by the way, you may be saying, Ben, I didn't even hear about this tragedy. Well, they did in Arkansas. They did in Missouri. And we did cover it here on the Midas Touch Network. But you know who didn't talk about it? Not a peep Donald Trump. The same way Donald Trump doesn't talk about the four soldiers who died in Lithuania, the two American soldiers who died in New Mexico and one critically injured the way Donald Trump doesn't address shootings that take place the same way Donald Trump doesn't do any of that. He doesn't address the fact that there have been these horrific storms that have left dozens and dozens of people dead. It goes on to say, the denial by Trump follows executive orders signed by Trump seeking to shift the burden of disaster response and recovery from the federal government onto states as extreme weather becomes increasingly destructive and costly in a warming world.


And by the way, it says, it's unclear if Missouri got the same letter. Now, it should also be noted that this is, this is what Trump and the MAGA Republicans plan is for Medicaid, right? Whereas Medicaid right now has a cost sharing 90% federal government, 10% states with kind of a match, 90 10. What the MAGA plan is to get rid of Medicaid is push it all to the states, which can't afford to provide Medicaid. They they rely on the federal government. Most states or many states have trigger laws that the moment federal government stops its funding, Medicaid goes away. And this way, Trump and his despicable authoritarian regime can just put the blame on the states.


Let's, let's dig a little bit deeper into this as well. So that's what's happening in Arkansas. Let's take a look at what Governor Beshear, a Democratic governor of Kentucky. Why on the Midas Touch Network? Here's what he posted yesterday. Today, governor Andy Beshear announced that FEMA has denied public assistance for two counties and individual assistance for six counties affected by flooding in February. So Donald Trump said, screw you, tornado victims. Screw you, flooding victims. And as I'll show you in a little bit, Donald Trump said, screw you. Hurricane Helene. Victims in Georgia and North Carolina deal with your own debris yourself. The federal government apparently just exists to garnish wages, destroy people's lives, and steal your data and destroy your social security and your Medicaid.


And I mean it. Oh, and tank the economy. What a despicable vial group of people. I don't know how else to describe.


The weather is heating up and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend that you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Now, using those silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle Made sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne sleep clean with Miracle. Upgrade your sleep as the weather heats up. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get free three piece towel set and save. An extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's tri miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Let's take a look right here at the letter from FEMA that they sent right here to Governor Beshear. Let's just look. Let's look at source documents. This is like the letter that Arkansas got, that Georgia got. Just so you go. Just so you know, I'm not blowing smoke here, right? This is what the letter that Kentucky got and North Carolina got when it comes to the hurricane. Dear Governor Beshear, this is in response to your February 17th, 2025 request for a major disaster declaration for the Commonwealth of Kentucky. As a result of severe storms, straight line winds, flooding, landslides, and mudslides. During the period of February 14th to March 7th, 2025. He specifically requested individual assistance for 22 counties, public assistance for 69 counties, and hazard mitigation for the entire Commonwealth.


Let's pause there for a second too. The letter was sent on February 17th, 2025. The Trump regime is first responding April 22nd, 2025. That don't sound government efficiency to me. It goes on to talk about how the February 24th, 2025, major disaster declaration and subsequent amendments authorized individual assistance for 16 counties. It then goes on to talk about what it's doing. The impact to individual households and the infrastructure was significant. However, based on the results of the joint preliminary damage assessment, it has been determined that the impact to the individuals and households in Butler, Franklin, Knox, Laurel, Lawrence, and Whitley Counties, is not of the severity and magnitude that warrant their designations under the Individual Assistance Program.


And then it goes on to talk about how therefore your request is denied. These denials may be appealed, but you can see the source document yourself. That's the letter that they received. Now you wanna take a look at some of the other letters that were out there as well. Here's the letter that they got in Georgia in response to Governor Kemp. Here it is right here, FEMA February 12th, 2025. Dear Governor Kemp, this is in response to your January 24th, 2025 request for an extension to the cost share waiver under the major disaster FEMA dash 4 8 3 dash DR. That was declared on September 30th, 2024 due to Hurricane Colleen.


You specifically requested an extension of the 100% federal cost share for debris removal and emergency protective measures, including direct federal assistance to 100 days. And you reiterated your request for an increase in the federal cost share for permanent work to 90%. And it says, based on our review of all the information available, it has been determined that the increased level of funding you have requested for the major disaster is not warranted. Therefore, I must inform you that your request for more federal funding is denied. Okay? That was the letter that Georgia got. And then in North Carolina they got a similar letter right here.


Here was letter that they got in North Carolina. Dear Governor Stein, you can read it yourself. It follows the same format. Based on all of our review of all information available, it has been determined that the increased level of funding you have requested for the major disaster is not warranted. Therefore, I must inform you that the debris removal is hereby denied, deny, deny, deny, deny. Now, I think when I share that with you, it's also worth me just contrasting that to how former President Biden handle things here. So let me just share with you how former President Biden handled things. So here's former President Biden talking about how for him, he was honored to approve that FEMA gave, for example, Texas $13 billion in thir in $13 billion in three years in disaster relief.


As he said, when disaster strike, there's no red state or blue state where I come from. This is who was once running the United States of America, someone with comp compact. And this is the person who the media and lots of people tore down. This person here play this clip. And anyway, since I took off as FEMA provided, Texas alone over $13 billion, $13 billion in three years in disaster relief after fires and winter storms across this state, when disasters strike, there's no red state or blue state where I come from. They're just communities and families looking for help. So we're standing with everyone, everyone affected by these wildfires.


They're gonna continue to help you respond and recover. Now, you'll recall as former President Biden was giving Georgia, North Carolina, all the states impacted by Hurricane Helene Biden gave them anything. They asked for extensions. You named it. He picked up the phone, said, done, governors, you know your state better than I do. Tell me what you want. You've got what you want. All of the governors said that Governor Kemp said, I got approved immediately. Every governor said right away, we got what we needed. What did Trump do during the campaign that corporate news media, by and large, I don't wanna lump everyone together 'cause there were people calling it out, but by and large, what was corporate media doing?


They were said, they were not talking about Donald Trump lying. So Trump would say, FEMA screwed all of you. This is Trump speaking in Pennsylvania. This is a speech in Scranton. So FEMA screwed you. They screwed the people of North Carolina. FEMA stole your money when I was in charge. FEMA was great. We had tremendous success with fema. But Biden, they were only giving you seven 50 and they're screwing you. Okay? Which was a lie. Biden gave an initial seven 50 to everyone right away, and then additional relief, just seven 50 without even asking questions. You got, and then FEMA had all of its programs, and then FEMA was working with the states right away giving them a hundred percent assistance on everything.


But Trump and this whole MAGA ecosystem here in the United States lied about it, pushed this deluge, this tsunami of lies as though Biden's FEMA wasn't helping the people. This is what Trump said during the campaign. I'm not gonna show you, I could show you 20 clips of him saying they're stealing your money. They're giving you money to the immigrants. I'll show you one clip just so I could bring out the receipts. Let's play it. Everything will be beautiful once they take office. Everything's gonna, they, they spent all their funds. They have no funds to take care of. They have no funds. They have no workers. They have no nothing. Fema, we had such a good fema. We had, FEMA was great under Trump.


That I can tell you we had tremendous success. Okay, folks, let me go back to what former President Biden said to conclude this video when it comes to disaster, it's not a red state thing or a blue state thing. Okay? You help Americans in need. That's what the purpose of a government is for. For Donald Trump, a government is by the bullies for the oligarchs. For Trump government is a tool to make rich people richer, not to actually do governing at all. And that's what one of the things that pissed me off the most about this is how corporate news tries to present the issues I just presented to you.


Well, the Democrats think this and Republicans think that. And then we get a split screen, and then you fight and then you fight and duke it out, everybody and everybody else. Then we cut to a commercial break. No, we are Americans damn it. And the federal government, when there's disasters, is supposed to step up and to help. We, the people, the federal government's not supposed to inflict pain and suffering, disappear people, torture people, make, make people feel like crap. They want us to believe that that's what the government is. So that in our suffering, we of, we avoid, we run away and we don't stop. This fascist authoritarian regime do not run away.


We need to be aware of what's going on. And that's why we've created them mind, this touch network to share, to share this information, to make it accessible, to read for you the letters so you can see for yourself, he screwed the people in Arkansas. You, you go through some of these states, like people in Kentucky voted for 64.5% of the vote People in Arkansas, 64.2% of the vote, Georgia, 50.7% of the vote, North Carolina, 50.9% of the vote for Trump. For Trump to, to ruin their lives. Come on, people, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watch. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@storemidastouch.com.


All 100% USA Union made.