
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


Morning decisions, a creamy mocha frappuccino drink, a sweet vanilla, maybe a smooth caramel or that white chocolate mocha, whichever you choose. Delicious coffee awaits. Start your day with bottled Starbucks, frappuccino drinks. Pick up a bottle near you, wherever you buy your groceries.


Hey Kristen. How's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, It's tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%, vans down 1.7, Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's. Worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Ugh, tracking. Always know your car's worth with Carvana Value Tracker.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


Democratic Senators are going gloves off ripping the Trump witnesses to shreds who are testifying before them. Take a look at Democratic Senator Slotkin from Michigan as she looks with disgust at dog killer Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome. Let's play the clip. My concern is you're sending a chill down the spine of America by going after people who either have legal status or American citizens. And when you, my colleagues, ask you about habeas corpus and you say, literally we can review the tape that you believe it's a right, the president has you sat here in front of all of us and swore an oath to the Constitution.


And that is not at all what habeas corpus is. It is a right that we all get that American citizens get that fee. People who are in the United States legally have, so my concern is it's complete overreach. I don't think American citizens, even those who voted for Trump, believe that you should be able to just grab someone off the street sloppy who has the legal right to be here, and certainly an American citizen. And I, I just, I just am concerned that while you say you're going after the most dangerous folks, what you're actually doing is going after folks for political reasons, right? A a PhD student. A PhD student that's, we are absolutely not doing and deporting US citizens and we're not deporting people.


10 of them have been deported status here, 10 American citizens with deported. And we're now also learning about the Trump regime sending a Burmese National to South Sudan in violation of a federal judge's order will be covering that more in depth as well. A massive violation of a court order there. Then you have Democratic Senator Dick Durbin schooling, RFK Jr in some basic facts. And RFK Junior is forced to admit, oh, I guess I'm just learning this now, play this clip. But I wanna remind you on April 1st, 10 laboratory heads at National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Strokes received their layoff notices.


They were all PhDs and senior investigators. They're not administrators, whatever that might be. They were running intramural labs at NIH. If you have your way, they'll all be gone. On June 2nd, science magazine reported 25 of 320 physician researchers at NI h's internal clinical center or l And the number of patients treated in the hospital has been reduced by 30%. Three grants involving a LS and dementia work at Northwestern University in Illinois have been paused. One, looking at how to stop the buildup of damaged proteins. Another looking at cellular mechanisms that can be drug targets. Just last week, an a LS researcher at Harvard had his grant cut that was using AI to accelerate the reversal of a LS symptoms.


Brian Wallick is waiting for a cure. He is not giving up. His source of hope is this research that you, you are unfortunately terminating. How can we possibly address his concerns and give hope to people across the country who are suffering for so many diseases when our government is cutting back on that research? As I said, Senator, I, I do not know about any cuts to a LS research and I'm happy to meet With you. I just read 'em to you. I will have to go and talk with Jay Charra and find out what the rationale was for those cuts. I don't, I just don't know about them until you told him, told me about them. At this moment, There are many things that concern both of us about the state of public health in America.


Next up you have Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. Here's her line of questioning where she talks about how all this Trump crap is a bunch of political theater and not progress. Beautiful line of questioning right here. Play this clip. So I have some questions. The questions are going to be, is it political theater or progress? You ready? The first question is going to be doing an executive order. Revoking birthright citizenship political theater or progress Political theater. It doesn't help the mission of ice.


Okay, how about revoking student visas? It takes up the time of ICE officers and it political theater, and it takes away from the national security and public safety mission. How about bashing car windows of people with no criminal record That's driven from quotas of arrests being driven by the White House, And that is politicization of Ice Immigration Enforcement. So it's political theater. How about deporting people who are even citizens? That's not even deportation, but you know what I'm saying? It it's political theater. And I believe that this White House is getting the outcome, you know, the the reaction that they want and they desire.


How about arresting political opponents? That would be political theater. Yeah. So here's the deal. I know that you've been cut off a number of times as you have tried to give answers to various questions. Thank you so much for explaining that even this committee hearing is actually a bunch of political theater because there's a lot of things that we could be talking about. We could be talking about the fact that we are currently in reconciliation and while everyone else has been told to do things such as make sure that you take food out of people's mouths, make sure that you get rid of people's healthcare. Make sure that you are harming our federal workers even more by making sure that the resources that they need to be able to do their job just kind of disappear.


But at the same time, I think the way that Mr. Moskowitz figured it, it would be approximately $44,000 as relates to a bonus for each, each ice agent. Is that correct? It's incorrect. It was 42,000. Okay, my bad. But the reality is that we do have real problems. And I don't know how we're gonna get to real solutions if we continue to just make everything about politics. As it was properly outlined by the gentleman from Florida that was a Republican bill. And I'll be perfectly honest with you, I wasn't really a big fan of the bill myself on my side. So I know that there was a lot of conservative stuff in that bill that was going to be harmful.


And with that, I'm gonna yield back to the gentleman from Florida, More from Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, who brings the fight, play the clip. Federal Law explicitly prohibits DHS from quote, preventing a member of Congress from entering for the purpose of conducting oversight. Any facility operated by or for the Department of Homeland Security used to detain or otherwise house aliens or to make any temporary modification at any such facility that in any way alters what is observed by a visiting member of Congress.


It is against the law. Full stop. Separately, the court has consistently held that the speech and debate clause of the Constitution protects individual members from prosecution for legislative acts, including fact finding field investigations and information gathering. The court has consistently held that the primary purpose of the speech and debate clause is to quote, prevent intimidation by the executive and before a possibly hostile judiciary. So let's call this for what it is. This administration is criminalizing legislative oversight and the Republicans on this committee are helping them to do so.


Rep MacGyver didn't engage in interference. It was ice that engaged in interference while members of Congress attempted to conduct a legitimate oversight of ice facilities. Now we've got Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin, who's fired up. He's pissed. You've got the Trump regime giving the family of Ashley Babbitt, $5 million from taxpayer money. She was an insurrectionist who would not listen to the cops when she tried to break into the secured area. And she and a group of other insurrectionists threaten the lives of Republican Democrat independent members of Congress watch Raskin go in play.


The clip In Trump world, violent insurrectionists and cop beating extremists are heroes. They're martyrs. Their Patriots. Members of Congress performing oversight functions are criminals and insurrectionists and veteran criminal prosecutors of January 6th felons are fired. So Donald Trump can continue to pander to his private militia of pardon in rioters and insurrectionists and a reserve army of extremists who've proven themselves willing to stand back and stand by More from Democratic Congress Member Raskin. Here, let's play It in 2023 then house speaker Kevin McCarthy said, I think the police officer did his job.


Now, although Trump's new Attorney General is set to give $5 million to the rioters family, Trump is not proposed to give a penny to the more than 140 police officers, injured, wounded, hospitalized, disfigured and or disabled in their violence and nothing to their families. He's proposed no money payments to the bereaved family of Officer Brian Sick and Army veteran with two tours abroad, who died at age 42 here on January 7th, 2021. The very next day after being brutalized by rioters, the decision to give millions of dollars to the Babbitt family and nothing to the families of the police officers who defended this capital, who defended us exacerbates the insult of Speaker Johnson's continuing refusal to hang a simple plaque in honor of the officers who defended the Capitol and the Congress and the Vice President, a plaque mandated by law and now more than two years overdue on the west front of the Capitol.


The speaker's stubborn refusal to respect the law is Craven's submission to the executive branch to Donald Trump. Who wants to pretend that the rampaging mob that he sent to Congress was made up of patriotic heroes And that the people he pardoned were quote, hostages More from Raskin. Let's play it Now. We've got colleagues who celebrate January 6th, insurrectionists actually calling for prosecution of members of the house for doing their jobs. Representative Buddy Carter called our colleagues rioters. Representative Bishop actually said this was an insurrection. I didn't know that was in his vocabulary, but this was an insurrection.


And he said it was a debacle worse than nine 11. Next up, we've got Democratic Congress member Jared Moskowitz, who points out the amount of waste in the Magar Republican budget where they want to give $800 million in bonuses to ice agents. $42,000 per ice agent. And Moskowitz is like, I'm okay. Give them, give 'em a bonus. But like, does, does that 42,000 per ice agent, what about all the FEMA people we're cutting and the NIH people and CDC who were firing and the veterans who were firing here play this clip. Mr. Marino, on that topic of bonuses, just real quick, do, do you support ICE agents getting $42,000 worth of bonuses?


There's there's $800 billion for bonuses. You okay? I say I say billion. I'm sorry million, I apologize. $800 million in there for bonuses. Do you, do you support that? Yeah. What kind of bonuses are we talking about? Are we talking retention bonuses? This Is a great talking bonus, Mr. Marino. Great question. They didn't say at all in the backup. There was no documentation at all what the bonuses were for or what it, it was just 800 million for bonuses. It sounded like a lot of money for federal employees for bonuses. Not that we don't want to treat our federal employees great. Of course we do. But I had suggested 500 million for bonuses and they said no, 500 million sounds a little better, right?


Well look, i, I or, or zero. Are you at zero for bonuses? Maybe? I, I I never received a $42,000 bonus. Good. Perfect. We agree. Federal government. I would like to, however, however, however times are different. Recruiting is tougher. Retention is a challenge. And if that's something that it's needed for, I would support No problem. So, so do you support those bonuses for noaa, fema, the Pentagon, all of the departments or just ice? I I would support strategic use of retention bonuses where they were needed. I think what's going on there, because as you heard, it's not even described what this money is for. I think it's a slush fund to buy more ads on F, in my opinion, to buy more ads on Fox and to spread more kind of Trump propagandas.


I think what that's gonna be used for, and I think they're using the idea of ICE agents as like a sympathetic figure while the money's actually gonna go to Trump propaganda folks,


I'm sure you hear me talk a lot about my family here on the Midas Touch Network. And in order to give me the peace of mind that I'm protecting my family's future, it's important that I make sure that I have the best life insurance that I can get for them. And so I use PolicyGenius 'cause PolicyGenius makes finding and buying life insurance Simple. Ensuring that your loved ones have a financial safety net they can use to cover debts and routine expenses. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just $276 a year for $1 million in coverage. It's an easy way to protect the people you love and feel good about the future. You know, I've been promoting PolicyGenius now for a while on the Midas Touch Network. I get great feedback from everybody who's tried it and I think you'll find the process seamless. I think it'll give you the peace of mind that you want. And you'll see how you can compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side. They've got a great license support team, which I really enjoy as well. So you can get fast responses and you know, when you're done with the process, you're like, alright, I'm glad that I checked that off my box and I did it right and I did it with professionals. And you know, I think that you'll have the same experience that I do. Life insurance is not a one size fits all product. PolicyGenius. PolicyGenius doesn't treat it like one. So please check life insurance off of your to-do list in no time with PolicyGenius. Head to PolicyGenius dot com slash Midas Plus, or click the link in the description to compare free life insurance quotes from top companies and see how much you could save. That's PolicyGenius dot com slash midas. And remember to spell Midas correctly. M-E-I-D-A-S. That's PolicyGenius dot com slash midas.


Democratic Senator Murray, watch her line of questioning. Let's play the clip. You repeatedly claim that staffing and funding cuts that have been reported on publicly and even confirmed by your department staff are not happening. So either you're lying or you're not the one making the decisions. Senator, You provide presided here. I think for 32 years you presided over the destruction of the health of the American people. Well, I have, our people are now the sickest people in the world. Oh, democratic Congresswoman Barrigan, I thought really destroyed Lee Zelin, the EPA Administrator for Trump play. This clip.


You just mentioned two examples. Have you or EPA lawyers actually given that to the court or used that as cited that as fraud or criminality? Well, first off the the standard, It's a yes or no. Have you, you're a lawyer. Yes. They have mentioned this. Which hearing was it at? 'cause I don't see it in the transcript. I wish you had that happened in the United Climate conversation. As a matter of fact, I'm gonna read to you the court transcript. Can you proffer any evidence that there was illegal or evidence of abuse or fraud? That any of this was improper or unlawful? EPA lawyer. I'm certainly not suggesting any of that was illegal or improper. Okay. Just yesterday, an EPA lawyer at the hearing suggested we're not accusing anybody of fraud.


Did you understand that the evidence for EPA a is not to establish criminality at the agency? Well, You're, you're alleging criminality. You did so in a Fox sue interview, you said that's what this but fund was. You understand, in order to termin, you shouldn't be doing that if you cannot pro offer the Evidence. But, but congresswoman, This is, this is not Fox News. We're not gonna just allow you to just congressman allegations here without that evidence. Well, If this isn't, if this isn't a media interview, you should allow me to go through the entire list rather than just going through, well, Unfortunately, I only have five minutes and I don't have time for you to sili. If you're interested in The entire list of all the Evidence Specific fraud cutting me off. Allow me to get through the list Here. We got some good questioning from Democratic Senator Widen. Let's play it. You've been getting all these questions from my colleagues with respect to this $165,000 in campaign donations after the announcement that you had been nominated.


Is the concern about the possibility that promises were made in exchange for that money? I just want to give you the chance to go over this with me. Did you promise any tax promoter you would help them if you got confirmed? I can answer that with an affirmative no. Okay. So you didn't meet with anybody when you were in town for the inauguration and promise them a private letter arrangement or something like that, A private letter arrangement?


I don't, I Would. Or you say we're gonna help. Help. We're gonna help you. If I'm confirmed, I haven't promised anybody a letter of any type that I can think of. Okay. And I was in my room for about 50 hours because I had food poisoning during the inauguration. So I didn't talk to many people. Okay, Mr. Long, our staff investigators have on tape now the tax promoters saying you met with him at the inauguration and promised him a favorable private letter ruling. We also have on tape the White River CFO who gave you the thousands of dollars that he expects favorable treatment of these fake tribal credits. So that's why I'm so troubled by this argument you've given today that, well, you can go over to the FEC and see things.


That money doesn't just fall out of the sky and land at the FEC. And that's why these taped conversations are so troubling to me. Democratic Senator Baldwin, let's Play it. Any life SAV saving research. Is it Doge reviewing NIH Funding Opportunity announcements. We have cut. Is it Doge reviewing NIH Grant Award. We've got administrators. We're cutting waste. We're cutting duplicative programs. We have And you're funding $3 billion less in medical biomedical research than you did a year prior.


We're spending less on administration of those programs. 3,200 fewer grants We're spending. Well, many of the grants were terminated because they were grants that were not advancing. These aren't grants terminated. These are grants not awarded because the panels weren't convened. We spend 70% of the world's biomedical research out of NIH 70% and with the sickest country country in the World, $18 billion or 40% from the NIH budget slow the development of new treatments and cure. And we, and we are the sickest country in the world. So that money has not been well, well spent.


We've had a 38% increase in our agency growth in our agency over the past four years. I'll ask you, is is funding for Alzheimer's Disease Research Centers, DEI? Because you're holding up $65 million for 14 of those centers in nine states, including the University of Wisconsin. Madison is funding for cancer centers, DEI because you're holding up $47 million in cancer center support grants at nine cancer centers in eight states is funding for rare disease research, DEI because you're holding up $55 million for 11 rare disease Clinical research network grants in eight states.


These are just a few examples and the list goes on and on. Secretary Kennedy, I've, I've run out of time. I yield back. Thank you. This Is a fun game we're playing Mr. Secretary. It's not a game. Let's talk about clinical S questions and to ask questions and don't gimme a chance to answer them. Don't gimme time to answer them. Well, maybe in some of my questions you can, you can elaborate on some of that. Democratic Senator Warren, let's play it. I sent you this statute. You've had three weeks to talk to the lawyers about it. So let's jump in. Mr. Long, is it illegal for the president to direct the IRS to revoke a taxpayer's nonprofit status In the first place?


He wouldn't do that. He's not gonna come me And say that it's not my case to Mr. Long. Please don't start down this. Are we on section 72 12 or 72 17? I'm at 26 USC 72 17. Do I need to read it to you? Re prohibits any member of the executive branch to request the IRS to conduct or terminate an audit on a taxpayer. All righty. So is it illegal? I'm gonna follow the law and if that's the law, yes. Okay. But I want you, that is the law. Yeah. So I just wanna be clear. Is it illegal for the President of the United States to instruct the IRS to remove a taxpayer's nonprofit status, Prohibits any member of the executive branch to request the IRS to conduct or terminate an audit of the taxpayer?


Is Is that a yes? I'd Have to go to, I'd have to go to the lawyers at the IS to Tell me, come on. You just read it. I know, but I don't see the instance that you're speaking about in there. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't see, Look, it says it shall be unlawful for any applicable person, which in this case includes the president to request directly or indirectly any officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service to conduct or terminate an audit or other investigation of any particular taxpayer.


Is it illegal for the president to instruct the IRS to remove nonprofit status from an a taxpayer? I'm not gonna have the answer that you need and I apologize. But it, like I said, Why are you not having the answer? You've had three weeks to consult with lawyers. The statute is about as clear as plain English, man. Well, If I say I'm gonna follow the law, why would you need to ask me the question? Well, because I wanna make sure that you understand what the law says. If you think follow the law means you just get to make it up on the spot, then bud, you don't get to be the IRS commissioner. And then of course, I think the clip of the day, I have to put it in this video is Democratic Senator Hassan from New Hampshire, this is how it's done.


Let's play It. So Secretary Noam, what is habeas corpus? Well, habeas corpus is a constitutional right that the president has to be able to remove people from this country. No, let suspend their right to, no, let me, let me stop you. Ma. Suspend their right habeas corpus. Excuse me. That's, that's incorrect. President habeas used it. Excuse me. Habeas corpus is the legal principle that requires that the government provide a public reason for detaining and imprisoning people. If not for that protection, the government could simply arrest people, including American citizens and hold them indefinitely for no reason. Habeas corpus is the foundational right that separates free societies like America from police states like North Korea as a senator from the live free or die state.


This matters a lot to me and my constituents and to all Americans. So Secretary Noam, do you support the core protection that habeas corpus provides? That the government must provide a public reason in order to detain and imprison someone? Yeah. I support habeas corpus. I also recognize that the President of the United States has the authority under the Constitution to decide if it should be suspended or not. It has never been. Let us be clear though, this president, it has never been done. It has never been done without approval of Congress. Even Abraham Lincoln got retroactive approval from Congress. Well, there You have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Yeah, that's how it's done. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do Midas Touch dot com All 100%. USA Union made


Life can be chaotic. If you're running a retail business. Don't let disorganized order fulfillment add to the chaos. Use ShipStation instead. With ShipStation, you never have to worry about shipping and fulfillment again. Whether you're running a business out of your garage or you have multiple warehouses, ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your business's growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating repetitive tasks. Plus, you'll save money with the best shipping rates from global carriers. Ship station's, industry leading features help you deliver a better customer experience. They'll get accurate and faster shipments along with automated tracking updates with your branding and with up to 88% off UPS and USPS rates and up to 90% off FedEx rates. ShipStation is the fastest and most affordable way to ship. Calm the chaos. Switch to ShipStation today. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.