
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm ready for my Life to Change a, b, C tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck on up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is Man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins We Going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


For a limited time, you can get KFC chicken with the sweet heat of hot honey. And after one bite, you'll wonder how do bees make hot honey? So hot? Are they special bees? Does KFC have dragon bees fire-breathing dragon bees that create spicy honey? No silly, there's no such thing. KFC just partnered with Mike's hot honey to drizzle all over their crispy chicken, but Dragon Bees would be so cool. Try it now for only $7 or share a box with friends for 25 prices and participation very well. Supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra


So we're not even halfway through Donald Trump's joint address to Congress. It's already off the rails in one of the worst speeches I've ever seen. We are not broadcasting it live because I don't need to show Trump propaganda. I wanna show you the low lights, however, in summary fashion, so we're only halfway through. I'll do a full review of what went down. But here's what's happening so far. Donald Trump attacked the Democrats for not applauding him for achievements that he did not actually do, but he's upset that they're not applauding him. For hypothetical achievements, play this clip Fifth such speech to Congress.


And once again, I look at the Democrats in front of me and I realize there is absolutely nothing I can say to make them happy or to make them stand or smile or applaud. Nothing I can do. I could find a cure to the most devastating disease, A disease that would wipe out entire nations or announce the answers to the greatest economy in history or the stoppage of crime to the lowest levels ever recorded. And these people sitting right here will not clap, will not stand, and certainly will not cheer for these astronomical achievements.


They won't do it no matter. Then Donald Trump brags about the gold card that he is introducing, that he's selling for $5 million where Russian oligarchs and Chinese oligarchs can purchase citizenship in the United States. Here play this clip With that goal in mind, we have developed in great detail what we are calling the gold card, which goes on sale very, very soon. For $5 million, we will allow the most successful job creating people from all over the world to buy a path to US citizenship. It's like the green card, but better and more sophisticated.


And these people will have to pay tax in our country. They won't have to pay tax from where they came, the money that they've made. You wouldn't wanna do that, but they have to pay tax, create jobs. They'll also be taking people out of colleges and paying for them so that we can keep them in our country instead of having them be being forced out. Number one at the top school, as an example, being forced out and not being allowed to stay and create tremendous numbers of jobs and great success for a company out there. So while we take out the criminals, killers, traffickers, Then Donald Trump blames the surging prices of groceries and surging prices of eggs, the surging inflation, and the terrible economy right now, and the market's crashing.


He blames it all on former President Biden. You can hear the audible groans in the crowd. Let's play it. Joe Biden especially. Let the price of eggs get out of control, the egg prices out of control, and we're working hard to get it back down. Secretary, do a good job on that. You inherited a total mess from the previous administration. Do a good job. Then. Donald Trump mentions an African nation and the word trans and Republicans find this to be hilarious here. Play this clip, $8 million to promote LGBTQ plus in the African nation of Les Suto, which nobody has ever heard of.


$60 million for indigenous peoples and Afro Colombian empowerment in Central America. $60 million, $8 million for making mice transgender. This is real. $32 million. Then Donald Trump talks about sports team with trans women losing their funding. This is one of his biggest priorities as Americans are suffering from the markets crashing from cuts to Medicaid to cuts to our government. This is their main issue here. Play this clip.


Peyton is here tonight in the gallery. And Peyton, from now on, schools will kick the men off the girls team or they will lose all federal funding. And to make things very clear, where Republicans stand on these issues, as Elon Musk and his team of 19 to 25 year olds are going through your personal and private data, social security information, medical information, tax information, and gutting critical programs, FAA jobs, social security administration jobs, national park jobs, other government jobs that are very, very, very important and true to and treating people.


So cruelly, Elon Musk gets the biggest standing ovation from Republicans as Democrat, as Democrats. Stay seated here, play this clip. And to that end, I have created the brand new Department of Government efficiency. Perhaps you've heard of it Perhaps, Which is headed by Elon Musk, who is in the gallery tonight.


Then Donald Trump lies and says that he's found probable fraud in the social security system, which is basically just code for, they're going after your social security just as they're going after your Medicaid. And I've already played clips in other videos that I've done where Elon Musk, who you just saw get the standing ovation, who's basically running the government, says that social security's one massive fraud, one big Ponzi scheme. So when they're saying that, they're basically saying they're gonna get rid of social security here. Play this clip, Identifying shocking levels of incompetence and probable fraud in the Social Security program for our seniors, and that our seniors and people that we love rely on, believe it or not, government.


Now They're already targeting about 7,000 or so Social Security Administration workers to be fired. They're shutting down Social security offices. I saw an individual, 80 years old, she called the Social Security Administration today for applications and they said the wait time is somewhere in the range of 200 to 300 days based on staff reductions. I'll do a whole other video of that in the morning over here, as Donald Trump says that people need to be hired on the basis of skill and competence. The camera cuts to Lauren Bobert here, watch this.


We believe that whether you are a doctor, an accountant, a lawyer, or an heir traffic controller, you should be hired and promoted based on skill and competence, not race or gender. Very important. Then Donald Trump says, after what? Crashing our economy in just 40 days or so, that this has been the most successful presidency and that George Washington is number two. This is what the psychopath is saying here, play this clip stated By many that the first month of our presidency, it's our presidency is the most successful in the history of our nation by many.


And what makes it even more impressive is that, do you know who number two is? George Washington? How Then Donald Trump says that the country is woke no longer. I'll let you watch this. Let's play this clip. We've ended the tyranny of so-called diversity, equity, and inclusion policies all across the entire federal government and indeed the private sector and our military and our country will be woke no longer. Earlier in the day, you'll recall that Trump's top advisor, Alina Haba, who was his former lawyer, said that the reason that all of these veterans are losing their jobs is because they're probably not fit to have a job at this moment.


She says, we love veterans, but they're probably just not good workers here. Listen to yourself today, Starting to think about maybe some of those veterans who worked for the federal government and maybe what the administration can do to at least help salvage their lives. Well, as You know, we care about veterans tremendously. I, I mean, that's something the president has always cared about. Anybody in blue, anybody that serves this country. But at the same time, we have taxpayer dollars. We have a fiscal responsibility to use taxpayer dollars to pay people that actually work. That doesn't mean that we forget our veterans by any means. We are going to care for them in the right way, but perhaps they're not fit to have a job at this moment or not willing to come to work. And we can't, you know, I wouldn't take money from you and pay somebody and say sorry. You know, they, they're not gonna come to work.


It's just not acceptable. Another horrible day in the markets, as Donald Trump's bragging about the economy in the past month, the Dow Jones has declined by over 2000 points. You see it right there down 4.57%. As our markets were crashing today, Donald Trump was fundraising off it and he's saying, I'm launching the ultra MAGA fundraising blitz. He says, the ultra MAGA fundraising blitz, just give him some money. Before the speech, our Gen Z correspondent, Adam Mackler, had the opportunity to interview DNC Chair Martin.


Here's his message to Donald Trump. Let's play it. What would be your message to Elon Musk and his teenage Doge dudes who are currently firing career civil service? Well go to health. I mean, the reality is what you're doing is destroying our country right now, all to make more money for yourself, all to steal data so you can help build your companies. What you're doing is wrong. And at the end of the day, we're watching the American people are fed up and it's not working. Here's Democratic Congresswoman Clark's message to Donald Trump. Let's play it. It's pretty, it's pretty depressing seeing Republicans just seed all this power to Elon Musk and Donald Trump. If you could say something to Trump right now, what would your message be? Resign. And just so I can share with you the receipts, this is what Donald Trump's promise was when he said on day one, he would lower prices immediately.


Let's play it. So when I win, I will immediately bring prices down, starting on day one. We will end Kamala's war on American energy and we will drill, baby drill. We're gonna drill. And here's Donald Trump promising that he would bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours, which he has not done either. Here, play this clip, could End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I do. How would you do that? I know Zelensky very well. I, I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. I will get the war ended. I'll stop all of those lives from being wasted and lost and there'll be no more bombing of Ukraine.


There'll be no more bombing of Russia and everybody will be happy. It can be negotiated, I think within 24 hours. It really has to be done from the office of the President. And you have to get 'em both in a room. And there are things you can say to each one of them, which I won't reveal now, which will guarantee that this war will end immediately Getting on that to get itself. I can do it in 24 hours. I know both players and I can do that in 24 hours. But you can only do it from the office of the president. You need that. You need that seat. Yeah, you need what's tailed in that seat. And I would have that done in 24 hours.


It wouldn't even be tough. I know what to say to each of 'em, and there's no way they would reject it. Say this, I will end that war in one day. It'll take 24 hours. I would have a deal done in 24 hours from the time we started and I would tell Zelinsky something and I would tell Putin something and I'd get him into a room and I'd tell him again. And he, and again, I would have a deal done very quickly. There you have it folks. That's the halfway mark, halftime of the speech. Tune in in about a half hour, 45 minutes. I'll give you the full recap. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.