
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra fee terms@mintmobile.com.


The Trump administration has made fatal error after fatal error regarding our nuclear arsenal classified information, personnel information. And one has to ask, is it an error? Is it a mistake, or is this malicious? And wanted, take a look at this headline. Trump officials fired nuclear staff not realizing that they oversee the country's weapon. Stockpile sources say that's right. What happened this past week is the Trump officials fired hundreds of people at the National Nuclear Security Administration, and then Friday they scrambled to try to hire back the people they fired because they didn't realize that this was the team that oversaw America's nuclear weapons.


I just wanna read from you a little bit from this story. Then I want to talk about the classified information that's not supposed to be revealed to foreign sources. That was just posted on the Doge website. We could talk about how hackers access the Doge website. We'll talk about all of this. So the Trump administration officials fired more than 300 staffers Thursday night at the National Nuclear Security Administration. Now, you would think If you were making cuts and firing people, I don't know, maybe that would raise a red flag. Nuclear security administration. I mean, it should all raise a red flag. But maybe that one was like, are these people, the people who oversee our nukes?


This is the agency tasked with managing the nation's nuclear stockpile, and this was part of the broader energy department layoffs where they wanna fire basically everybody in the agency. Now, If you believe this was mere negligence, that just means that you've also then said, Trump is this brilliant businessman, and Elon Musk is so smart. These are the smartest people ever. Yet they fire the people who oversee the nukes. You think that's what really happened? That it was just a mere mistake? What? What is it? Did they do it intentionally? Did they just fire everybody and not realize who these people were? So of course, the Trump administration lies, but their lie is it was less than 50 people, which I think we know to be false because they lie about everything.


Some of the fired employees, including NNSA staff who are on the ground at facilities where nuclear weapons are built, were pretty surprised when they got this news. You'd think there'd be some job security that you wouldn't be fired overnight when you're the one overseeing the nuclear button. But then again, take a look at this guy, Pete Heif, six questions, three scotches. This was him in Brussels, and then he was also in other places in Europe as well, where he was giving away all of America's bargaining power as it relates to Ukraine, saying that Ukraine should enjoin NATO and that Ukraine should never get the land pre 2014 back, basically giving Putin everything that that he wants.


But that's Pete HEGs at the Fox News host who Donald Trump and spineless Republicans gave our nuclear arsenal to. So do you sense a pattern here picking the most unqualified person, by the way, I don't know what he was drinking there. It's a weird cut, by the way. And we all know Pete, he's history when it comes to drinking, that he both redeemed himself and found Jesus Christ and became a changed man after sexual assault allegations and allegations of rampant alcoholism. He found Jesus Christ and repented, but then also he never did anything wrong. So what are you repenting about? And it doesn't make sense. So you have hsif, you have terminating the nuclear arsenal, you've got the people overseeing it.


You've got Donald Trump appeasing Putin. Do you, do you sense a pattern here as well? It goes on to talk about how after these Thursday night firings, bipartisan senators, members of Congress, like, whoa, you fired these people. Quote, they're strong support on the hill for the NNSA and it's nuclear modernization writ large. Clearly, the NNSA is a critical agency. Lawmakers are concerned. Oh my gosh, I'm so concerned there. Donald, you are giving away our nuclear arsenal, aren't you? I mean, just this. Think about these spineless MAGA Republican Congress members. Now at the same time that's happening.


Elon Musk is bemoaning. That's the headline that Newsweek, he's bemoaning. Too much information is being classified. That's what he's bemoaning about. The cl, you know, interesting. Donald Trump, somebody who stole classified information after he left office the last time, talked about it publicly. He's bemoaning things that are, there's just too much stuff classified. Meanwhile, the Doge website, which which has supposed to post, I guess information about what Musk is doing, I don't know, posted classified information, worrying intelligence officials, fatal mistake, fatal error, or intentionally malicious.


I'll let you decide. Elon Musk's much touted new website for the Department of Government efficiency posted classified government information setting off alarm bells in the intelligence community. The website, which launched in the middle of last week, published federal personnel data, including employee headcounts and budget details. Although there was a note at the bottom of the site that says the workforce data excluded information about certain agencies, military and intelligence organizations, that classified data was actually visible when you took a look at it. The site published data about the National Reconnaissance Office, the Federal Intelligence Agency that builds and launches us, Intel US Surveillance satellite satellites.


The NRO budget and headcount are classified, but continue to be accessible on the site. Quote, those just posted secret, N-O-F-U-R-N, not releasable to Foreign Nationals info on their website about intelligence community headcount. So currently people are scrambling to check if their info has been accessed according to defense intelligence officials. This is something that Elon Musk should know about because SpaceX has a contract with these types of agencies. Also, the Doge website was hacked and then people hackers were posting, this is a joke of a.gov website.


People are posting. Others were saying that this, this thing, quote, these experts left their database open. Another hacker posted 4 0 4, which is doing a good job covering all of these shenanigans, criminality, negligence, recklessness, maliciousness. You pick your word. Anyone can push updates to doge.gov website. So as all of this is going on, you have Lee Zelin, member of the cabinet, and here he goes. This is all great. This is just the appetizer. These past three weeks, you know, with inflation going up, up, up again with consumer confidence being shattered, with corporate America, feeling total and utter chaos.


Right? With all of that going down, Lee Zelin goes, If you love these weeks, wait until we have, wait until you see what we have in store for you. Here. Play this clip. The golden age of American success is upon us. If you're excited about the last three weeks, that was just a taste of the main event, the entree to come the next four years being the greatest term in the history of the American presidency,


I have to tell you about this game changing product that I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Now, let's face it, after a night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I thought I had to make AdChoices. I can either have a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-Cool. Now, let me tell you, if there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after a night of drinking, it's with Pre-Cool Z Biotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle roughneck mornings after drinking. And here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. I'll be honest, I was skeptical about pre-cool at first, but then one weekend I was hanging out with a few friends over at my favorite bar and I thought, Hmm, why not give it a shot? So I drank it before my first cocktail, my go-to Old Fashioned, and you couldn't believe just how on top of my game I felt the next morning. Every time I have pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. Even after a late night, I can confidently plan on hitting the gym, running errands, or just enjoying a full day without worrying about a hangover. With pre-cool, I can stay on track and not let winter travel or celebrations like Valentine's Day, the Super Bowl and Mardi Gras, throw me off course. Go to Z biotics.com/midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, biotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember head to z biotics.com/midas and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off.


And while all of this is going on, everything I just listed here, Donald Trump says that he believes this is what he said at the end of last week. Putin wants peace. He said, he goes, I trust this guy so much. Didn't say nice things about Ukraine, said horrific things about Ukraine. But Trump says, I believe Putin that he wants peace. Play this clip. I believe he wants peace. I believe that President Putin, when I spoke to him yesterday, I mean, I know him very well. Yeah, I think he wants peace. I, I think he would tell me if he didn't. I think he, do you trust him? I'd like to see peace. Do You trust President Trump? I believe that, yeah. I believe that he would like to see something happen. I trust him on this subject.


I think he'd like to see something happen. I think it could have happened a long time ago. I think Biden number one, it shouldn't have started. Well, All of this is going on. China called for America to disarm itself. 'cause they smell utter incompetence and weakness. They, they chime them, they go, If you mean American first, then why don't you go first and get rid of all of your weapons? Well, I think that's kind of, they're already screwing up classified information in our nuclear system. But play this clip. Since the US calls for America first, they should take the lead in setting an example of cutting military spending. You know, but, but by the way, folks, Donald Trump doesn't even know that China is in the bricks block.


Trump believes that he destroyed the, this is what Trump believes for real. That he destroyed the bricks block with his social media post. He destroyed it. That's the alliance of Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa. Bricks. The sea is China. But Trump goes, I don't, are they? Are they even in the bricks block? Yes they are. And they are developing a currency and an alliance that's attracting lots of South American countries and African countries and countries across the world who no longer feel safe with America leading the world.


'cause America's no longer leading the world. America's become a pariah state viewed like North Korea right now in three short weeks. Trump's destroyed all of America's alliances. But play this clip so we could see, does he even know what the bricks block is? Play this clip. Bricks, the bricks, nations. I think that's breaking up very rapidly. We said that if they're gonna go in and do anything to undermine the dollar, that includes China. I don't even know that they're a member of bricks, but they had a few nations get together to try and play cute. And I said, we're gonna put a hundred percent tariff on every one of those nations. And at the mere thought of saying that, I think that's all broken up.


That idea has no longer sailed. Now that would be a terrible thing for our country. It'd be bad for the world. They wanted to undermine the dollar. Six, Eight folks. That's like not knowing how to spell your name on the SATs or an exam that you take. If you're the president of the United States, you should know what the bricks block is. Anyway, hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers. Let's get there quick. Thanks for watching. Hey, Midas, mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch. Keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.