
A. B C Thursdays Welcome back.


Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord Snap. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just another Doctor My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are, unbelievable. GRS Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C. and Stream on Hulu.


There is nothing like the smell of panic in the morning, folks. And that's what we are getting right now from Donald. Trump. On the heels of a stunning bombshell document being released by Judge Chuck in that was submitted by Jack Smith Donald. Trump is absolutely freaking out on his social media. He sees with fewer than 33 or so days to go until election day Kamala Harris continues to soar in the polls and that JD Vance completely screwed him with that horrific answer at the end of the vice presidential debate. My name is Brett Mycells here with the Midas Touch Network, bringing you the latest. Remember to hit subscribe. We are on our way to 3.5 million subscribers here on YouTube.


Thanks to you. Okay, let's dig right into it. Let's check in on Donald Trump on his social media account. Oh, there we go. All caps messages already coming through. Donald Trump freaking out about this filing by Jack Smith and Trump goes all caps, whether now the fully debunked Russia, Russia, Russia, Iran, Iran, Iran, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, 51 intelligence agents spying on my campaign. Impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two or any of the other scams, this illegal action taken by the Justice Department, including their raid on Mar-a-Lago for a case that was dismissed will end just like all of the others with complete victory for President Donald J.


Trump. And he puts that in quotes I. guess it's not, you're not the president. So I guess that makes sense. Make America great again. I mean this guy is absolutely off his rocker, but I appreciate him summing up a whole lot of his crimes like that. Russia. Russia, Ukraine. No, it's helpful actually. It's, it's helpful for us. Thank you Donald, we appreciate it. In the next post, Donald Trump writes, I didn't rig the 2020 election. They did. You know, I'm not sure that we necessarily said you rigged the 2020 election. I mean you lost, you lost by a lot, so I, I don't think that's it. But you did try to overturn the election and that's why you're in hot water with Jack Smith and that's why all of your crimes are being exposed.


Let's see what else Donald Trump is saying up. He found his caps lock key again, he goes for 60 days prior to an election. The Department of Injustice is supposed to do absolutely nothing that would taint or interfere with a case. They disobeyed their own rule in favor of complete and total election interference. Lemme just pause there for a second and say, Jack Smith has said that that's not the rule at all and that an ongoing case he's going to continue to work on throughout the entire process. That just because you are running for president, it's not a get out of jail free card. Donald, Trump, Donald Trump continues all caps. I did nothing wrong. They did. The case is a scam just like all of the others, including the documents case, which was dismissed.


While that's being appealed and probably won't be dismissed for much longer, sorry to break the bad news for you. This document released by Jack Smith, I'm gonna get to it in a little bit. Michael Poppa here at Legal AF at Midas Touch did an incredible hot take breaking it down and we broke it down@midasplus.com. We'll talk a little bit about it later in this take. So stay tuned. But the evidence released in this filing is absolutely damning and that's why Donald Trump is in a complete panic with this information getting out to the public this close to the election. Okay, now let's check out the polls that have Donald Trump freaking out because not only is Donald Trump in illegal hot water, but in swing states around the country, Donald Trump is getting very, very bad news.


The gold standard Wisconsin poll, it's an a plus poll from Marquette Law School has Vice President Harris up 52% over Trump's 48%. This is one of the single most prominent Wisconsin polls. And let me just also say that's the two-way matchup in the matchup with all of the candidates Harris leads 49% to 44%. Those are very bad numbers for Donald Trump this close to election day. And now let's check on the actual numbers of people doing early voting. Nearly 10,000 people, probably a lot more by now, quite frankly in Detroit, have already voted as you mish voter who follows the poll said I had to triple check my numbers.


Like, what the hell? Because that is far more than what normally happens by this time. People are showing up, they are making their voices heard. And when you see those kinds of numbers in Detroit, that is bad news for Donald Trump, very good news for Vice President Kamala Harris. You even have Fox News now. They couldn't even fully hide this story. You know, all their propagandists in primetime certainly did. But you had people like Neil Cavuto actually reporting on this being such a danger to Donald Trump's chances and the gravity of Donald Trump's crimes that he's being accused of in this filing. Watch this, We're learning that former President Trump resorted to crimes that abid to cling to power after the 2020 election.


Okay, now let's do a, a pallet cleanser for a second. Let's check in on what Governor Tim Walls was saying yesterday. Governor Tim Walls was focusing on JD Vance's very damning, non-answer as he put it at the end of that debate. Here's what he had to say. It Felt, especially in that moment to me that Senator Vance was speaking to an audience of one. Now look, there is a reason Mike Pence was not on that stage with me, Mike, and let me just say this. Let me just say this. I served with Mike Pence in Congress. We disagreed on most issues, but in Congress and as a vice president, I never criticized Mike Pence's ethics and commitment to this country.


And he made the decision for the constitution. Mike Pence did his duty. He honored his oath and he chose the Constitution over Donald Trump understand in that 88th minute last night with that damning non-answer, Senator Vance made it clear he will always make a different choice than Mike Pence made. And as I said then, and I will say now, that should be absolutely disqualifying if you're asking to be the Vice President of the United States.


Meanwhile, JD Vance continues to put on that charm. Of course I say that sarcastically, but he was asked like, why won't you just admit that Donald Trump lost the 2020 election? Why is that so difficult? Vance deflects and gives an awful answer. Watch this. Hi Senator. Hi Senator Will Jones from Local four. Hey Will. I spoke with some elected officials or election officials last week about their concern about people who are trying to undermine our elections. Why didn't you answer the question last night during the debate about who won the 2020 presidential election? Well, Look here, here's here. Here's the simple reason the media's obsessed with talking about the election of four years ago.


I'm focused on the election of 33 days from now 'cause I wanna then Vance inexplicably defends the idea of yelling fire in a crowded theater. Watch this. Governor Waltz mentioned this yesterday. He talked about you can't shout fire in a crowded theater theater and you, and you know what that from that line is from a disgraced Supreme Court opinion. We believe that the solution to bad ideas is to debate them and persuade our fellow Americans. Kamala Harris believes the solution to things she disagrees with is to silence you and to shut you up. It's disgraceful, it's anti-American and we will not stand for it. And Donald Trump's political movement.


So out of all the things we do to maintain and protect our homes, getting up on a ladder to clean out the gutters, it's the last thing anyone wants to do. Whether you're tired of unclogging gutters or you don't even know what your gutters look like from above it's time to upgrade to a permanent solution. With Leaf Filter right now, you can save up to 30% off your entire purchase at Leaf Filter dot com slash midas. Look, I'm certainly an improvement person, but some things are just too difficult, To get done right and really our best left to the pros. Trust me, especially cleaning the gutters, which can honestly be a bit dangerous and more complicated for someone who isn't a professional to handle it, look, I'm a podcaster. If done incorrectly, you can find yourself with an even more costly job. Clog gutters aren't just a nuisance. They can cause extensive problems. So protect your home from flooding, roof damage, rotting siding, foundation issues and more. Leaf Filter takes care of everything from start to finish. Every installation comes with a free inspection estimate and lifetime guarantee. A Leaf Filter Trusted Pro will clean out, realign and seal your gutters Before installing Leaf Filter protect your home and never clean out gutters again with Leaf Filter America's number one gutter protection system. So Schedule your free inspection and get up to 30% off your entire purchase at Leaf Filter dot com slash minus. That's a free inspection and up to 30% off at LEAF filter.com/minus Leaf Filter dot com slash minus e representative for warranty details. Promotion is 20% off, plus a 10% senior military discount. One discount perk Household.


On the heels of this document, this damning document being released by Jack Smith about Donald Trump's interference in the election of 2020 Donald Trump was asked by a reporter if he would trust the election this time around, here's what Donald Trump had to say. Now, Do you trust the process this time around? Did I what? Do you trust the process this Time around? I'll let you know in about 33 days. No, look 33 Tonight, sir. Yeah, as Will Stansel noted on Twitter, he says, I don't care if the pundit class is too clueless to notice. It is a constitutional crisis that one presidential candidate has announced that he will only accept an election.


He wins. Every single Republican should be asked about this. We cannot have a party nullifying elections. Well said Will. Now let's check in with some normalcy here is Vice President Harris speaking about her plan to give some relief to the middle class? Check this out. So let's start with this. I think that the former president is, is really becoming quite desperate and, and is, is really been offering a lot of misstatements and, and misinformation. And perhaps it's because he wants to distract from the fact that he has offered no plan for the American people.


You, I have talked about this before. I invite you to go to his rallies and what you'll hear about full-time is him talking about himself and his personal grievances. But what you won't hear him talking about is you and the needs that you have as a working person, as a family person. My plan is about building an opportunity economy where I'm gonna give first time home buyers a $25,000 down payment assistance so they can get their foot in their door to be able to be a homeowner. My plan is about $6,000 tax deduction for middle class families for the first year of their child's life to help 'em buy a crib or a car seat. My plan is about getting a $50,000 tax deduction to start up businesses, to our small businesses knowing that they are part of the backbone of America's economy.


Those are my plans and I think that unfortunately what we've got on the other side is someone who wants to distract from the fact that his plan is about giving billionaires and big corporations a tax break like he did the last time. And doing that again. Vice President Harris visited the communities that were affected by Hurricane Helene. Here's what she had to say to the residents. And so my final point to the, to the residents of this community and and the region is that we are here for the long haul. There is the work that we have done together. That was the immediate response, well preparation for and then the immediate response after. But there's a lot of work that's gonna need to happen over the coming days, weeks, and months.


And the coordination that we have dedicated ourselves to will be long lasting To, get families, To, get residents To, get neighborhoods back up and running. And, and my last point is this. I think that in these moments of hardship, one of the beauties about who we are as a country is, is people really rally together and show the best of who they are in moments of crisis. And we've seen that throughout the region where communities are coming together, where, where people are helping perfect strangers, where they are providing food wa water shelter for their neighbors. And that neighbor may be somebody they've never met before, but are doing the work of helping each other out.


And I think it really highlights the fact that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us and that the best of the strength of who we are as we come to each other's aid in a time of need. So I thank everyone for doing that kind of work every day. And with that, there is more work to be done. Thank you. And by the way, while Donald Trump continues to lie about the federal government's reaction, their response to Hurricane Helene, the reality is, is that the federal government is doing a whole lot and the residents are acknowledging it. And the governors of these states, whether they're Republican or Democrat, are they're all acknowledging that reality. It's not like when Donald Trump was president and North Carolina needed help during a hurricane, and Donald Trump only gave them a 1% of the needed resources to rebuild.


That's actually what Donald Trump did. Here's what Kamala Harris did. Here's what people are saying. These are the governors. Remember these are Republican and democratic governors like Republican governor of South Carolina, Henry McMaster, who said the federal government is helping. There is no asset out there that we have not already accessed. Governor Brian Kemp said, the president just called me. He said, Hey, what do you need? I appreciate their help. Governor Glenn Jenkin and Republican governor of Virginia said, I am incredibly appreciative of the rapid response and cooperation from the federal team. Governor Roy Coopery, Democrat from North Carolina said, we have the Fed federal rescue teams from all over the country.


Right now I have been talking with President Biden and Vice President Harris Daily and the Asheville North Carolina Mayor says, we have support from the federal government. It is a well coordinated effort. It is so important that the truth is out there, especially in times of crisis. The fact that Donald Trump and his propagandists continue to lie about what's going on proves why he can never be in the White House again, it endangers lives. It quite literally kills people. I wanna show you somebody who knows how dangerous Donald Trump is from the inside. This is Olivia Troy who worked in national security during the Trump administration and she writes, as a former Trump White House homeland Security advisor, I've seen the reality of our border policies firsthand.


That's why I support Kamala Harris. She has the experience and vision to protect our country while upholding our values. We need real solutions, not political theater. Watch this new


ad featuring Olivia Troy. I served in Donald Trump's administration, but I know Kamala Harris is a leader. We need to keep our country safe and strong. Throughout her career, she's gotten drug traffickers off the streets and protected vulnerable people from fraud. And as a homeland security expert, I trust her to protect the border. Kamala Harris's plan will strengthen our border security and crack down on drug smuggling and human trafficking. We need a president who's tough, who cares about the American people and who puts the country first. That's Kamala Harris. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message.


Trump is also freaking out because good news for the United States is bad news for Donald Trump and the US economy continues, To get good news. Your Denny research says, quote, the US economy is roaring. Last week's revisions quote blew away the hard landing scenario, productivity growth will be revised higher and unit labor cost inflation will be revised lower. There has been no landing and certainly no hard landing. Good to hear there. Lemme show you this meme from the Kamala Harris campaign. This is brilliant and really says a whole lot in a few words. They write, always ask employers while the PO why the position is open and they have a side by side of JD Vance and Mike Pence.


And by the way, I love the fact that Tim Walz brought that up during the debate. Anthony Scaramucci, who also used to work in the Trump administration writes, if Trump doesn't accept the debate invitation, he will lose the election by a decent margin for all hi of his over masculinity. Generalize and exaggeration. There will be the core truth that he just isn't as good as the VP and can't take the heat. I, I mean I think we're seeing that too, right? We saw Donald Trump also back out of that 60 minutes interview because he's afraid of getting fact checked like he, he can't handle even the most basic of scrutiny in his handlers are scared to put him out there. I told you I was gonna speak more about this Jack Smith filing, so I'll break it down for you slightly here.


Anna Bauer, a legal reporter, wrote Judge Tanya Chuck and has released a redacted version of special counsel Jack Smith's 165 page motion for immunity determinations in Trump's January 6th case. The motion details the government's case against Trump. This document is absolutely damning, it's horrifying. I'm not gonna say it's necessarily shocking or surprising because hey, we knew this was a bad situation and we knew a lot of the details. But seeing them with this level of detail, seeing these new revelations show how serious Donald Trump was and his minions were about ending our democracy and the nerve of JD Vance the night before this document was released during the VP debate to say that Donald Trump peacefully gave over power.


Are you kidding me? Enough of the gaslighting enough for the lies. Just stop it. The Kamala Harris campaign released this video online showing JD Vance's comments saying that Trump peacefully gave over power and showed the reality of what happened on January 6th. Watch this. It's Really rich for democratic leaders to say that Donald Trump is a unique threat to democracy. When he peacefully gave over power, when he peacefully gave over power peacefully, gave over power peacefully, gave over power peacefully, gave over power. And let me share something from you from this Jack Smith filing. Here's a crazy moment. Ready quote, make them riot quote, do it.


These are just a couple comments that were made by a Trump campaign operative in the lead up to January 6th. This was revealed in this Jack Smith filing. And just think of that, that's released the day after JD Vance had the nerve to say that Donald Trump peacefully gave overpower. By the way we did this whole incredibly in-depth article on midas plus.com, the new Midas Touch Substack, check it out. It's called Unsealed Filing in Donald Trump's federal election Interference case. Major revelations and analysis. We went through the entire 165 page filing and we pulled out all the moments that made us gasp. We put 'em in a list.


It's easy to read and I hope you find it useful. You could check that out@midasplus.com and I'll give you a little bit of a tease of it right now. Here's one of the bullet points that we have on midas plus.com in this article. And by the way, we put the page numbers there too, so that if you wanna look it up for yourself, you could do that. And we have screenshots so you know we're not making any of this stuff up. Okay, here's one of the lines, quote, evidence of awareness and admission of the fake elector scheme from Trump's team. This is from page 51 of Jack Smith's filing. It says, the document from the special counsel's brief highlights that members of Trump's team, including Ken Chesbro, identified as co-conspirator five, were fully aware that their actions regarding the GOP elector scheme were illegitimate in the communications.


They openly acknowledged the legal infirmities of their plan and even call the electors quote fake while outlining their plan to let members of Congress use their lies in order to make false claims disputing the election. And there you have the filing right underneath this thing is damning. This thing is a must read and I understand that not everyone has time to read a 165 page document, so I hope you find it useful that we put the most important parts that we have seen so far in our first read so far on midas plus.com. Go check it out, sign up. I highly recommend that. I think you are all going to love it. Donald, Trump really going through some things, folks, and let me just tell you, if Donald Trump loses the election, when Donald Trump loses the election he's in for a world of hurt with these legal cases.


If that's not motivation for you, To, get out to vote and encourage your friends and family to vote. I don't know what is. Remember to check vote.org. That's how you could check your voter registration. Encourage your family and friends to do the same. This truly is the most important election of our lifetimes. And I know you've heard that before, but it's really true. There's so much on the line here. Hey, thank you so much for watching. I really appreciate it. My name is Brett MICUs here with the Midas Touch Network. I'll see you in a bit. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.