
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it. Guaranteed, or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B A-B-B-E-L do com slash spotify. Podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Super Bowl 59 1 game, two teams, endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook, whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


Quote. We just clean out that whole thing. We just need to clean that whole thing out. That's what Donald Trump said aboard Air Force One flying from Vegas to Miami about Gaza. He said that he's gonna be calling his friends in Egypt and in Jordan and basically ask them to take all of the Palestinians so that there's no prospect at all of a Palestinian state. This should not be surprising because this is what Donald Trump has always felt. This follows Donald Trump's pick to become the United Nations ambassador Elise St. She said during her confirmation hearing last week that she holds, quote, a biblical view that the West Bank and the Palestinian state should simply not exist.


This also follows Donald Trump's pick to be the ambassador of Israel. Mike Huckabee, former governor of Arkansas, who said that he also holds, holds a biblical view, that he believes that Palestine should never exist, that it never existed, and he considers himself to be a Christian. Zionist is how he refers to himself. Also, Donald Trump's secretary of state, Marco Rubio holds views like this as well. Also, Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, was previously quoted as saying that he would be okay, or he would encourage basically all of Gaza and the West Bank to just be totally demolished so that condominiums could be built there.


Also, this follows Donald Trump saying in the Oval Office last week, what he was referring to Gaza, he was referring to it as a great piece of land where things could be built. And he was talking about it as though he was considered building condos or apartments. There, he says it's got great waterfront properties. That's how Donald Trump was talking about it. So now with all of that, we have a lot of Muslim voters who voted for Donald Trump, who are now regretting their vote. But you effed around and you found out this is who Donald Trump has always been. And also there were Muslim voters who said, look, Trump and Kamala are basically the same.


And there's really no difference despite the fact that Vice President Kamala Harris would say things like this, like this was the statements that she was making. She would go, the UN reports that no food has entered Northern Gaza in nearly two weeks. Israel must urgently do more to facilitate the flow of aid to those in need. Civilians must be protected and must have access to food, water, and medicine. International humanitarian law must be respected. And then you would have Palestinian voters and Muslim voters here in the United States who would, whether they voted for Trump or horror, they would say things like, If you think that your activism is doing nothing, just look at how these hypocrites messaging changes as November 5th approaches.


And then they said, well, you know, at the end of the day, they're both the same and there's not really gonna be a difference between either of them at all. I mean, take a look at this post right here on March 6th, 2024, Kamala Harris's, quote, six week ceasefire stunt right before Super Tuesday failed. The hypocrisy is astounding. They are determined to continue aiding, abetting and committing a genocide. And you would see all of the people who would be booing vice president Kamala Harrison protesting her. And you never really see the protest when it came to Donald Trump. On the other hand, you had, for example, leaders in Dearborn, Michigan, Muslim leaders in Dearborn, Michigan, standing with Donald Trump and strongly endorsing him during the campaign.


Like remember when this took place? I'm just gonna show you a short clip of it. Let's play it. We as Muslims stand with President Trump because he promises peace. He promises peace, not war. We are supporting Donald Trump because he promised to end war in the Middle East and Ukraine. You know, and now again, we're hearing from a lot of Muslim voters, oh, you picked Pete Hegseth. Pete Hegseth got drunk and he was in a bar and Hegseth was saying, you know, to, to kill his Islamic people. And he, that's what he was saying to kill Muslims when he was drunk in a bar.


That's what he was saying. And all these people are so bad. Well, this is who the people are. Let me do this. Let me first show you what Donald Trump said. You could hear it for yourself aboard Air Force One where he said, you know, we need to clean that whole thing out. Just little play it for you. Let's play it. I'm talking to General LCC tomorrow, sometime I, and I'd like Egypt to take people and I'd like Jordan to take people. I mean, you're talking about probably a million and a half people and we just clean out that whole thing. It's, you know, it's over the centuries. It's had many, many conflicts that side. And I don't know, it's, something has to happen, but it's, it's literally a demolition site Right now.


Almost everything's demolished and people are dying there. So I'd rather get involved with some of the Arab nations and build housing at a different location where they can maybe live in peace. It could be either, it could be temporarily, could be long term.


Are you ready to jumpstart your health in 2025? Well, let me tell you about a game changing tool that's been helping me understand and improve my body. It's called Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach designed to give you insights into your metabolism like never before with just a breath. It measures whether your body is burning fats or carbs. And the app provides tailored guidance to optimize your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and even stress management. Here's how it works. Every morning you breathe into lumen and it tells you what's happening with your metabolism. From there, it gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day so you can fuel your body the right way. You could even use it before and after workouts or meals to get real time insights into how your body is responding and adjust your habits accordingly. It's super cool. Your metabolism is the engine that powers your body. It's how you turn the food you eat into the energy you need. That's why optimizing your metabolic health can have such wide reaching benefits, easier weight management, more energy, better fitness results, improve sleep and more. And for those navigating hormonal changes, lumen even adjusts its recommendations to help you maintain a healthy metabolism through life's natural shifts. I've been using Lumen to better understand my body and the results have been eyeopening. Knowing whether I'm burning fat or carbs has helped me to make smarter choices about what I eat. And when I exercise, it's not about the quick fixes, it's about making informed decisions that align with my goals and lifestyle. Take the next step in improving your health. Go to lumen.me/midas to get 20% off your Lumen. That's LUME m.me/medas for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode and helping us all take control of our health in 2025.


Now, here's Elise Nik at our confirmation hearing at the end of last week saying that she holds this biblical view that really the West Bank and Gaza just don't exist here. Play this clip. Rarely surprised by answers in my office, but I did ask you whether you subscribed to the views of finance Minister Morich of who, I'm sorry, Morich. This is the Israeli Finance Minister Morich and, and the former National Security Minister, Ben Geer, who that Israel has a biblical right to the entire West Bank. And in that conversation you told me that yes, you shared that view. Is that your view today?


Yes. Okay. I think when it comes to this very difficult issue, if the President is going to succeed at bringing peace and stability to the Middle East, we're gonna have to look at the UN Security Council resolutions, not just the ones on Lebanon, which we should enforce, but other UN Security Council resolutions. And it's gonna be very difficult to achieve that If you continue to hold the view that you just expressed. And I should also let you know, while all of this is going on, Donald Trump also is bringing back a Muslim ban that's gonna be worse than the one in the Trump administration.


One, he's, his executive order already indicates that it's gonna be far more expansive. Donald Trump rescinded an executive order by President Biden and, and rescinded sanctions by President Biden, where President Biden imposed sanctions on Israeli settlers who would be blocking aid into Gaza and those Israeli settlers who would burn down homes of Palestinians. And so Biden imposed sanctions on that group of Israelis, the, the, this group of, of settlers and Donald Trump allowed that to be allowed, those individuals to not be sanctioned.


And a lot of those individuals then started burning down homes and blocking aid fairly soon thereafter. You know, and also, while I guess the media's pretending there's a ceasefire, I mean, we're seeing still a lot of death and destruction in the West Bank. We're seeing a lot of death and destruction in South Lebanon as well. 11 killed, dozens wounded in, in South Lebanon. So it doesn't even, like, I guess the corporate media is pretending there's a ceasefire still, but you know, I guess if they're limiting it to just Hamas and Gaza, but there doesn't really seem to be a ceasefire at all taking place.


There seems to be kind of a war zone, and they're pretending it isn't happening. Let me just share this with you as well. This is Mike Huckabee, so you can hear it for yourself. Donald Trump's ambassador. Let's play this clip. Basically. I mean, there really is no such thing as, I have to be careful in saying this 'cause people really, there's certain no such things of Palestinian. There's not pers you, don't you, there's such complexity within that. There's really no such thing that that's been a political tool to try to force land away from Israel. And here's another clip of Huckabee. Let's play it. My feelings personally, and I'm speaking only as a person, I think Israel would only be acting on the property it already owns.


I think Israel has title deed to Judea and Samaria. There are certain words I refuse to use. There is no such thing as a West Bank. It's Judea and Samaria. There's no such thing as a settlement. They're communities, they're neighborhoods. There's cities. There's no such thing as an occupation that they get out of their minds. That people are living in lean tos and tents and sleeping in cars circled around a tree. They're living in very well designed and beautiful cities and communities. Can't wait to get back. I'm gonna take an extra hat. I'm gonna get it to, to President-elect Trump, build Israel. Great. Again, who knows?


We may see him wear this out there in one of his rallies somewhere. I don't know. Can't promise that. I can only promise he will get a copy of the hat. Thank you very much. And look, folks, the, the thing that I was saying is President Biden was trying to get the ceasefire deal about a year ago, a year and a half ago, a sustainable ceasefire. And Netanyahu didn't agree with it, and Netanyahu said he had his own reasons. But you know, Netanyahu was visiting Mar-a-Lago. And if we know anything about Trump, we know that Trump killed a lot of bills and a lot of things that would have been beneficial and beneficial to Biden, like the bipartisan border deal.


'cause Trump viewed those as winning issues for Trump. So just think about that. You had Netanyahu hanging out at Mar-a-Lago, all of the, you know, multiple times he was there the same way Victor Orban would visit Mar-a-Lago the same way Javier Malay would visit Mar-a-Lago to undermine Biden's foreign policy. I mean, it was so obvious. So for all of these, you know, Muslim Trump voters or voters who, who said Kamala and Trump were the same? They're not, they were not the same on this issue. It wasn't, it wasn't even, it wasn't even a close call in my opinion, of where they were on these issues. But here, here we are. Here we are.


And I mean, that call from Trump was just, was just horrific. I mean, that's, he's literally saying ethnic cleansing in the phone call, so in such clear terms, but where you don't really hear corporate media saying it like that, like that's what he's calling for. It's terrific. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.