
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Donald Trump knew there was going to be a very teeny, tiny crowd at his inauguration outside. And Donald Trump now canceling the outside portion of the inauguration on Monday and blaming it on cold weather has rubbed the MAGA base who traveled to be there outside the wrong way. We've received video of a lot of these MAGA people saying, what? It's cold, but okay, we can wait outside in the cold. What do you mean you're canceling the inauguration? Democratic Senator Chris Murphy, though puts it best. He goes, folks, this is a metaphor for the next four years.


Yeah, the weather made it worse, but it was going to be an embarrassing crowd size no matter what. So Donald Trump had to cancel it because of his ego. But the billionaires, Zuckerberg, Bezos, Musk and others, they're gonna get the indoor seats and the regular people who paid thousands of dollars to travel to be in Washington DC, they are going to get screwed. So let's show you this right here. Here's a video from NBC. This is the MAGA people in Washington dc. They're being told in this clip that Trump just said, the inauguration outside is canceled.


It's gonna be inside. Watch their reaction. It's priceless. Let's play it at Capital One arena for folks, but nobody's gonna be out outside. Now what's your reaction to that? So we're not gonna get to see it in person then, is that correct? That's, that's right. Well, and I don't like it. I mean, we came all the way from Washington, from Oklahoma, and you know, now we're not gonna get to see it. We're, we might as well stayed home and watched it on tv. It sucks. Let me rephrase That. It's not good. Yeah, it's actually something that we've been looking forward to for historical purposes and being a part of it. That's once in a lifetime. Absolutely. We made all the plans, all the arrangements to come up and be a part of this event, and all of a sudden to hear that it's being endorsed, that's, we're prepared for the weather.


It's not a problem. It's kind of like a bummer. It is, yeah. It's not cold, ain't or hurt nobody. And we have farms and we don't get to not feed the cows 'cause it's cold.


2025 has been a pretty intense year for me so far, especially living here in Los Angeles and having a four month old baby daughter. Fortunately, I previously went to PolicyGenius and it gave me the peace of mind for my life insurance, and I want you to have the same opportunities. So make this the year you check life insurance off your list and protect your family's future with PolicyGenius. Every time I talk about PolicyGenius on my show, I always get positive feedback after people give it a shot and they see how easy it is. It's easy to compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free with no hidden fees. PolicyGenius has licensed support team that will help you get what you need fast so you can get on with your life and they answer your questions, they handle paperwork and they advocate for you throughout the process. Look, life insurance is a form of financial planning, and PolicyGenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. So join thousands of happy PolicyGenius customers who have left five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot. So secure your family's tomorrow. So you have the peace of mind today. Head to PolicyGenius dot com slash midas or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's PolicyGenius dot com slash midas. One more time. Go to PolicyGenius dot com slash midas. Make sure you spell Midas correctly. M-E-I-D-A-S.


And by the way, here's Donald Trump. When he was bundled up in Aberdeen in Scotland, I think he was pretending to build something there. But let's remember the crowd size from say 2009. Former President Obama's inauguration, 2017 Donald Trump's inauguration. Remember, Donald Trump had to pretend it's the biggest crowd size ever. Can we talk for just a second though about the weather? Like it's again, it's, yeah, it's gonna be cold. Okay. It's cold in DC in January, and it's again, it, it's particularly cold, but you take a look at the forecast for Monday. It's 24 degrees Fahrenheit. It's gonna be a low in the evening hours of about nine degrees Fahrenheit.


But when John F. Kennedy was inaugurated and sworn in many, many years ago, it was 22 degrees Fahrenheit, negative six degrees Celsius with a windchill of seven degrees Fahrenheit, negative 14 degrees Celsius, right around noontime. And take a look at John F. Kennedy right here. He didn't even wear a jacket. Democrat. Senators are trolling Donald Trump for canceling the outside portion of the inauguration and bringing it inside the capitol at the Rotunda Democratic New York Senator Chuck Schumer uses this photo and said it took place outside.


It was so big. There was so many people right there. It was wild. You have Democratic governor and former VP candidate. Tim Walls has this photo of himself from Minnesota. He goes, there's no such thing as bad weather, just bad clothing. Here's another photo right here of John F. Kennedy and Jackie Kennedy walking from the White House to the Capitol for his inauguration. Whereas Donald Trump moved the inauguration into the Rotunda because it's too cold. Marjorie Taylor Green and a lot of other MAGA people think that there must be some conspiracy going on here.


Maybe Donald Trump's safety is being threatened. Nah, I just think Donald Trump can't handle the cold. Marjorie Taylor Hall Greene. Here's what Marjorie Taylor Greene posted. She goes, I've personally attended countless rallies where President Trump's spoke in extreme weather conditions from cold to rain to heat. Is there a security threat other than extreme cold temperature, not only for him, but for the people. Our editor-in-Chief, Ron Philip Kowski goes, father, time is undefeated. Trump is not in any shape to stand out there in the cold. Gotta give the old geezer some credit for understanding his limitations. Philip Kowski also wrote, Trump claims he's moving his inauguration inside from the cold because he's worried about the health of attendees.


Meanwhile, he had people dropping like flies at his outdoor rallies over the summer in places like Arizona and Nevada and other locations because he didn't want to spend the money to do them inside. Also, Donald Trump held events at very cold places like in Nebraska, I think in 2020 and left people stranded there as well. Aaron Parness, who works with the Midas Touch Network, posted this photo of Amy Klobuchar in the snow and Parnas goes, Donald Trump is afraid of cold temperatures. Democrats aren't. David Axelrod Democratic consultant posted the photo of John F. Kennedy from 1961 inauguration and says, in 61, John F. Kennedy was inaugurated on the Capitol steps in windshields of seven degrees.


It was almost as cold for Obama in 2009. In fairness, Trump is more than three decades older than JFK and Obama were. Or did he just fear the very small crowds again, one of the things that we knew as well is that, you know, when Donald Trump held other events like in in Omaha that I was telling you about, hundreds of Trump supporters stuck on freezing cold Omaha air airfield after Rally seven taken to the hospital. This one account goes Trump supporters. We don't care how cold the inauguration is, we're used to being left out in the cold Donald Trump to Trump supporters.


Well, I don't want to be too cold. I gotta keep my billionaires happy on the Deus inside. We'll do it inside the Rotunda. You just take a look at Donald Trump's ridiculous statement right here. He also like tries to say, look, I'm doing this to protect all of the people. I want to protect the first responders and the, and the canine dogs and and even the horses. I'm trying to protect the horses. Everybody. Donald Trump goes, everybody's gonna be celebrating this. There's gonna be so much people who are gonna be there, and now you could watch it at the Capital One arena on Monday for live viewing.


He says, don't worry, all the parties are still gonna be taking place. He says as well, he goes, this is an Arctic blast sweeping the country. I just don't wanna see people hurt or injured. Sure, Donald, that sounds like you. You don't wanna see people hurt or injured. And by the way, Donald, I know you've been talking a lot about Annexing Canada and Greenland. You are aware that those locations are much colder than what it's gonna be like on Washington DC throughout most of the year. Like you are aware of the way the weather patterns work. But I go back to what I read at the outset of this video, folks, and it's from the Democratic senator Chris Murphy, who says, we know what this is all about.


We know what this is about. Trump and the billionaires inside warmth, all of the supporters who show up. Yeah, you ain't getting in. You ain't going to Mar-a-Lago. You ain't getting into these events. You ain't the Mar Lago. Oh, LA Gars. You ain't them. By the way, guess what? Trump ain't lowering the prices. He ain't making housing more affordable. You ain't getting those jobs that he promised you. But he will talk about changing the Gulf of Mexico to Gulf of America because America, right rah, we will try to distract you while he breaks every single promise.


But we told you so. We told you so. I'm Ben MiSiS. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.