
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Tremfya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem radio.com. I'm ready for my life to change.


A B. C Sundays American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is amazing. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan RET STA. American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines Restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and dao.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What? Nice. They have my favorite brand, like a whole new woo woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


As Donald Trump headed back to Mar-a-Lago free at another golfing vacation after crashing the American economy again this past week, he was taking questions from the press and got smacked in the face by a microphone Here. Watch. Watch as that happen. The Za Mr. President, you obviously, you're Concerned, You're concerned about the situation in God. What are the hopes now to, to get the hospital back tonight? She just became a big story tonight, right? Yes, sir. Did you see That? Yeah. That's called karma. At the same time that was happening, there were protests by veterans across the country, but also in front of the VA Medical Center in St.


Louis. I want you to watch it. Shout out to the veterans who are protesting here. Play this clip. Trump. Gotta go. Ho ho. Trump and Musk gotta go. Hey, hey. Ho, ho. Trump and must got go. Hey, Hey. Ho, ho. Trump and Musk Go. Let's also talk about the five things that Donald Trump did this week. You know how Elon Musk is demanding that the federal workers provide the list of five things or else? Take a look. Donald Trump tanked the stock market some more. He hosted a Tesla product placement event at the White House. He said that CNN and M-S-N-B-C are illegal in front of the Department of Justice.


During that same press conference he held at the Department of Justice, he also praised the January 6th insurrectionist at the DOJ kind of main grand room. He got hit with a microphone, which you just saw, and then he went to play golf Even more. Lots of people are expecting that we're either already in a recession or we're heading into a great recession or even a depression as a result of Trump's chaotic and disastrous economic policies. If you even want to call him making posts on social media policy, former Treasury Secretary Lowry Summers says the US recession odds are now nearing 50%.


By the way, do you remember those headlines like the one from Business Insider heading into 2025 with the Trump regime where they said a 0% chance of a recession? Remember the headlines when former President Biden was taking office and business journals or business newspapers like Bloomberg were saying 100% chance of recession, and that the a hundred percent chance was a massive blow to then President Biden and then Biden navigated out of that. There was no recession, there was a soft landing and the economy was actually booming. Just take a look at the market stock tumbles last week. They call it a correction, but I call it a crash as investors sour on Donald Trump.


If you looked at your 4 0 1 Ks or your pensions or whatever over the past few weeks, it was a disastrous thing to look at. It seems like every day Donald Trump would wake up post something crazy and the markets would tank. Right now we're seeing from University of Michigan, which takes the consumer sentiment surveys, it's the worst consumer sentiment since 2022. Also, it is the worst University of Michigan inflation expectation since 1993. But the big news in the uni in the University of Michigan data was not just the inflation expectations. If you look what people are saying about the jobs market, it's expected change in unemployment.


People's views of the expected change in unemployment is the worst since the 2008 Great Recession, and it's perhaps even getting worse than that. But Donald Trump's regime has to have on Fox their propaganda network. Kelly Ann Conway, who says, consumer confidence is up because what's down is up. What's up is down. War is peace. Yeah, I think we've heard that from 1984 here. Play this clip. Greg, Go down. Consumer confidence going up. Everything is turning up Trump. And now, I mean, everything she says is just absolutely false. Those are those alternative facts. Trump meanwhile is sending out surveys like this to his supporters on his email list.


Do you still support Doge? I'm launching the presidential fundraising blitz before my mid month fundraising deadline, and it's like, please help me, Ben. I need money for my fundraising blitz. Fundraising for what? And as you're destroying even your own supporters, pensions and 4 0 1 Ks, and as you haven't done anything you promised, prices are up. Housing is less affordable as you screw the economy, your fundraising, you're asking for money for you who's enriched himself. Billions of dollars since you've taken office. As I was mentioning before, Donald Trump on Friday held that press conference inside the Department of Justice in their grand ballroom.


And Donald Trump, again, was mystified, stupefied by the word Groceries. Groceries. He's like, that's a, that's an old fashioned word. Groceries here, play this clip. All Things that we wanted to do because then everything else is gonna be coming down. We want it to come down. We want bacon to come down and groceries a, a term I used to use, it's sort of an old fashioned term, but he used to use then Donald Trump declares at the DOJ that CNN and M-S-N-B-C are illegal here. Watch this. And I believe that CNN and M-S-D-N-C, who literally write 97.6% bad about me are political arms of the Democrat party.


And in my opinion, they're really corrupt and they're illegal. What they do is illegal. It makes no difference how big a victory I had. I can have the biggest victory in history. It makes. Then Donald Trump brags at the DOJ about pardoning, the January 6th Insurrectionists, who he calls political prisoners. Again, he's doing this at the DOJ, he's, he's making the DOJ prosecutors in DC who were involved even in the prosecution if they haven't already been fired. But he's asking law and order people to watch him brag about letting on the streets some of the most vile and despicable crooks criminals, people who beat cops, freaking terrorists, a lot of them.


But here's what he asked to say, play this clip. Please Convict me. Don't say that. I pardoned hundreds of political prisoners who had been grossly mistreated. We removed the senior FBI officials who misdirected resources to send SWAT teams after grandmothers and J six hostages and I, it was a then The propaganda state regime network known as Fox, brings on Sean Duffy, Donald Trump's Secretary of Transportation who got famous on real World Road rules challenge a few decades ago. That's how he made a a name for himself. It's the reality. Showed dystopian reality show presidency. And here he keeps talking.


There's all these plane issues. I remember a, a plane caught on fire in the past two days as well in Denver. He's like, we're looking into this. D-E-I-I-I think it's the we, we gotta, we gotta look closer. There must be all this DEI everywhere, just so, just so stupid here. Play this clip. We, we should Do an investigation. I wanna know, are there DI practices still in place? Because the president has been incredibly clear, he wants the best and the brightest air traffic controllers controlling our skies. I agree with him on that. So we're gonna do an OIG investigation. We're gonna have a law. We we're working with a law firm who's gonna do an independent investigation into our, our air traffic control system.


And if there is any issues with regard to DEI, anything other than the best and the brightest, I'm gonna be transparent. I'll come back on your show. Harris Secretary, Sean Duffy. Thank you. Thank You.


Hey, Midas. Mighty Ben Marcellus here from the Midas Touch Network. I know you probably see me on these YouTube videos or listen to me on audio podcasts. But what you don't see is behind the scenes how I have to actually run this media business and I rely on something called Ramp to help me because look, receipts are coming in from reporters and hosts and contractors across the country. There are subscriptions that we have for various services and keeping track of it all could be a nightmare. That's why I use Ramp. Ramp takes care of all of the logistical stuff everyone's talking about. Ramp one CFO told me it was like hiring a full-time employee just for expense management. Except easier when you switch to Ramp, you'll sleep easier at night. The way I do look manually logging, receipts, chasing approvals, spending days on month end close is low leverage, busy work that wastes time. So Ramp takes care of that and makes it easy. Lemme tell you what Ramp is. It's a free corporate card that automates away your entire expense process. The moment your team makes a purchase Ramp handles everything. Receipt matching, categorization, approvals, the works. It has a hugely important strategic impact in running your business efficiently. So for most companies, their finance team spend about 80% of their time doing tactical busy work like chasing down expenses and reconciling statements. And only 20% on high value strategic thinking Ramp flips that equation. And it's easy to switch to Ramp for new members. Ramp offers a complimentary white glove onboarding service to help you migrate from your current corporate card to start using Ramp. Don't wait, switch to Ramp. It's like hiring a full-time employee just for expense management only. Easier over 25,000 businesses, including ours, trust Ramp, including Shopify and the Boys and Girls Club of America. And now for a limited time, listeners of this show can get $250 when you join Ramp. Just go to Ramp dot com slash midas. That's Ramp dot com slash midas, RA p.com/m EI DS card issued by Sutton Bank.


Then the Trump regime brings on Howard Lutnick or puts out Howard Lutnick on state regime Media known as Fox. And Howard Lutnick is apparently hearing for the first time that the Atlanta Federal Reserve is predicting a 2.4% contraction of the GDP in the first quarter, whereas it was expected before to grow at around 3%. If Donald Trump literally just did nothing. Former President Biden had GDP higher than China and hitting record levels and leading the world. Now it's expected to be a two point negative, 2.4% Watch Howard Lutnick responds. He's like, what? What is this? We've seen worries about growth. I know you said you're not expecting a recession, but investors are on edge over the possibility of a recession this year after the Atlanta Federal Reserve said that it's predicting a 2.4% contraction in the first quarter.


And of course, president Trump would not make What? Wait, wait, wait. Say that again. A what? A what? The Atlantic Federal Reserve Percent contraction. Correct? Correct. First quarter. Okay. Right here, right here, right now. Right here, right now. That is ridiculous. Okay. Have you spoken to the president of the Atlanta Federal Reserve? Have you told the Atlanta? Absolutely not. Have you told, have you told the Atlanta Fed that you say it's ridiculous because they're out with this contraction prediction for the F And I know that you and President Trump are handed a mess. I'm not. I'm not arguing that. But now we're talking about recession and I asked President Trump about it this week and he didn't say no.


Here's take a look as well. The red flags popping up at supermarkets across Canada as they continue to boycott all things American as they boycott American tourism. They're indicating, which are Canadian made products. Also, yesterday was the swearing in of the new Prime Minister Mark Carney. Here's what he had to say. Let's play it. We will never, Ever, in any Way, shape or form be part of the United States. America is not Canada. Look at the ceremony. We just have. You could not have had that ceremony. We, you would not have that ceremony in America. Look at the cabinet behind me. You would not have that cabinet in America.


You do not have that cabinet in America. We are very fundamentally different country. And Donald Trump continues to talk about America conquering Canada. Canada becoming the 51st state. Oh, Canada becoming an anthem of the state in the United States. I mean, just the most heinous and despicable things. Shout out by the way, to all of our Canadian supporters, we here at the Biden Touch Network, and frankly, more Americans than people who support Trump, stand in solidarity with you. Do your thing. If you got a boycott tourism, If you got a boycott American products to stand up to the Trump regime, do what you gotta do. We totally understand what you're going through. And we don't support the attacks on your sovereignty.


It is despicable, despicable stuff by the Trump regime. The Trump regime continues to suck up to Vladimir Putin. First thing, yesterday morning, Donald Trump literally posted verbatim Putin propaganda. He posted a total lie saying that Ukrainian troops were surrounded by Russian forces who are about to massacre the Ukrainian troops. And then Ukraine had to respond, though this is Putin propaganda. Putin's giving you false information. There's been no material change on the battlefield where Russia previously said that it would be able to take Kiev in three days. It wasn't able to. We've been discussing Russia's inability to take the territories that it's been trying to Ukraine courageously pushing back against Russia.


Donald Trump literally regurgitating those Putin talking points and then basically saying, so as a result, that's why, you know, we think Ukraine needs to give up all of this stuff in order to have a ceasefire. And Ukraine said, look, we're willing to have a ceasefire, but we treat us like a sovereign nation and we want security guarantees to make sure it's meaningful and peaceful. Putin doesn't want ceasefire. And on Russian propaganda tv, their version of Fox, their hosts are basically saying, here's our response to your ceasefire. Why would we want to agree to a ceasefire? That's what we're seeing, you know, out, out there as well. Also, it is worth noting that the Doge team working at the Social Security Administration appears to be among the largest doge units deployed to any governmental agency.


We know that the Trump regime is firing lots of people who work in the Social Security Administration office. And we know that Elon Musk has said, social security is a Ponzi scheme from the Republican budget. They're getting $880 billion of Medicaid. We know that they're firing. You know, all of these veterans, all of these government workers. And you know, one of the things though, that we're gonna see what the outcome ultimately is, but two different federal judges. One in a federal court in Maryland, another in a federal court in the northern district of California, ruled that Trump's terminations of these probationary employees, the tens of thousands who Trump fired.


Those were unlawful terminations. And both of these courts in kind of somewhat overlapping consensual circles kind of orders, said that these probationary employees need to be rehired by the Trump regime. Which the Trump regime saying, no, we fired them. We want these government workers gone. We try to get rid of them. And the federal will courts are saying, Nope, they have to be rehired. You didn't conduct a reduction in force analysis and RIF and you, and you lied and defame these workers and said you were firing them for cause. You can't just lie and defame and say, you fired people for cause for not doing their job, who are doing their job.


So bring them back. And ultimately, If you want to fire them, you have to go through the process and actually provide cause and justification for what you're doing. So we'll keep you posted with that. And more Trump's now on vacation, again at taxpayer expense. Every time he does this, it costs millions and millions of dollars. And that's why I've showed you this data before, but last month there was more federal spending at $603 billion than any month in the history of the United States of America. So for all that Doge was saying, we're doing this, that, and the other thing, which was all lies more federal government spending last month than ever, than than any month in in former President Biden's administration as well.


So it's all bs. Anyway, we'll keep you posted throughout the day. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.