
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with AARP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need AARP. Learn more at aarp dot org slash skills.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock During tax season, your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed, or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E-L com slash spotify. Podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Super Bowl 59 1 game, two teams, endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, cool will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas, an affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut, or visit MD gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or Text HOPE NY in New York.


All I can say I was a dumb ass, voted for Trump only because of my beliefs. People around me encouraged it. I can think for myself, yes, but I felt at the time that was a better choice. Now I'm looking at it with everything going on. It was the worst, the worst decision I ever made. I wanted not to vote, but people said, you won't be able to have a say in anything If you don't vote. I totally regret this. I shouldn't have voted at all. Yeah, that's Ken, a Trump voter who's now feeling instant regret. We're hearing stories like this across the country.


People are saying, wait a minute. He told us lower prices and he was gonna end the war in Ukraine on day one and all of these things that inflation was gonna go down. Now he's doing the opposite. What's going on? Well, we told you, we warned you. Oh, and then the news yesterday that the Trump administration has canceled all parcels coming in from China as a trade wars escalating with China as well. You know, these stories are repeating over and over again. I mean, here is a teacher working in a red state who is a Trump voter. Now the Department of Education's the next target of Donald Trump and Elon Musk and others in the administration or the regime, and the Department of Education's about to be gutted and her school will be defunded and she will lose her job.


Play the clip. Trump won the state in Bell County, 84% voted for Trump, yet it deeply relies on federal funding. A CNN analysis found the 15 states that most rely on federal funding for its public schools in 2022 all voted for Trump, And I voted for President Trump. I mean, you're an educator. Yes. You didn't vote for Trump eliminating federal funds too. No, I did not vote for that. I voted for president, president Trump to make America first again. And Let's take a look at what's going on in southern Florida with all the Venezuelans who supported Donald Trump. Venezuelans are having their TPS status removed their temporary protected status.


Goodbye. ICE is rounding them up. Donald Trump cut a deal with Nicholas Maduro, the dictator at Venezuela, who President Biden, former President Biden would not recognize Maduro, because Maduro is clinging on to power and is actually not the person who won the last election in Venezuela. The real winner is in exile. And so now Trump is rounding up Venezuelans in southern Florida and either sending him to concentration camps in Guantanamo Bay or sending him back to Venezuela with Maduro now that Donald Trump and his regime recognizes the Maduro regime, and by the way, I should mention the Maduro regime about three weeks ago or so, threatened to invade Puerto Rico, which Donald Trump apparently liked that as well.


For all the Latino voters for Trump play the clip Conference in Doral Monday. Venezuelan Americans denounced the Trump administration and South Florida Republicans More than betrayed, beyond betrayed. They used us. They actually, during the campaign, and I don't want to make this political, but during the campaign, the, the, the, the elected officials from the Republican party, they actually told us that he was not gonna touch the, the documented people. Speaking of Latino voters for Trump, let's take a look at the mayor of the city of Doral in Florida. There she is. There's Kristi Fraga, the mayor of Doral, and now she has big MAGA supporter.


Now she's gotta explain to all of the Venezuelans in the city of Doral big thriving Venezuelan population, why they're getting rounded up and why they are living in total fear and why they're temporary protected status has been revoked, and why Donald Trump is now friends with Maduro and why the Trump regime is recognizing Maduro. And well, there you have it. Here is Doug Ford. Doug Ford is the premier of Ontario. Used to be Maple Maga was a big Trumper. Here he is on a hot mic moment where he talks about how he was happy that Trump won, but then Trump pulled out a knife and yanked it into Ford to play this clip.


What I, the election day? I happy this guy won. 100%. It was Then the guy pulled up the night. Fucking Really didn't, he didn't think about this before. He didn't listen to his past statement. I mean, he is the guy's psychotic. I mean, I mean, look, Trump is a felon. He's a sexual assaulter. He's a criminal, he's a fraud. He bankrupted business. This is an awful human being. His entire life is just being an awful human being. Screwing over contractors, screwing over workers, being racist like the worst, like probably the one of the worst human beings ever to live that.


That's true. But it wasn't like, oh, epiphany. This is who the guy always was.


So since my daughter was born a few months back, I've been really focused on my fitness and doing what I can to stay healthy. And so I recently discovered Armra colostrum, and it's been a way I strengthen my immunity and gut health, and it's been great. Armra Colostrum can help you optimize your whole body microbiome, strengthen your immune barriers along the mouth, sinuses, gut urinary and reproductive tract and guard against unwelcome particles for your strongest immune health. Armra colostrum can help combat bloating. It helps you feel lighter. Probiotics are touted as a gut health solution, but they only address one part of the four part gut wall. And most products on the market are dead before they even reach your gut. It's a secret arm. Colostrum naturally fortifies your entire gut wall system, optimizing your microbiome, strengthening the gut wall architecture, which guards against irritants that can trigger symptoms like bloating and constipation. And If you work out regularly, as we all should, colostrum has been shown in research to help enhance nutrient absorption, promote lean muscle building and improve endurance while fueling cellular repair, regeneration, and faster recovery. As a husband and a dad, I wanna make sure as I age, my body stays in good health and I've made Armra a daily part of my routine. I hope you do as well. We've worked out a special offer for our audience. Thanks to Jordy. Receive 15% off your first order. Go to try Armra dot com slash midas or enter Midas to get 15% off your first order. One more time. You go to T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/midas. That's try Armra dot com slash midas or enter Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to get 15% off.


Oh, you have Republican senator, bill Cassidy, Louisiana, who continues to support all of the Trump nominees who are destroying our country. But, but Bill Cassidy, he's very upset because pepfar, one of the programs that ensures that kids don't get bored with HIV and AIDS from mothers who have it. Pepfar. This is what Bill Cassidy goes. PEPFAR is the epitome of soft power. It's a Republican initiative, it's pro-life, pro-America, and the most popular US program in Africa. There's even a waiver acknowledging this. Yet I'm told that drugs are still being withheld at clinics in Africa.


This must be reversed immediately. Again, just to again, remind everybody what that means. When these life-saving drugs, hiv aids, drugs to the moms are being withheld, they're dying, kids are dying, or their kids are being born with hiv aids, like 150,000 kids gonna be born with it because of Donald Trump and Elon Musk's cruelty, potentially also to this clown. Sean O'Brien, the leader of the teamsters. Y'all are still letting this guy lead you. This sellout lead you this, this guy went to Mar-a-Lago, the leader of the teamsters. I I love the teamsters.


I got my teamsters. Just so you know, I wasn't even planning on showing you this. Like I got my Teamsters magazine right here that I read frequently. It's on my desk, the Teamsters magazine. I I love teamsters, I love unions. I have standard solidarity with workers. But this clown, Sean O'Brien, this is what this clown does. So, so he goes to Mar-a-Lago, he speaks at the RNC, and then he posts the photo of himself without his thumbs up. Then Trump posts the photo of O'Brien with his thumbs up. 'cause Donald Trump's like, look, I made this guy submit. 'cause that's Trump. He's a sicko, he's a psycho. That's, that's how Trump thinks. And then, and then O'Brien was like, don't worry unions, I got you back.


I got you back. I know what I'm doing. Okay, well now the National Labor Relations Board is just totally gutted. Trump fired the first black female member of the NLRB, and now they can't form a quorum. So now the NLRB can't recognize unions or hear grievances. So that's destroyed. And O'Brien is silent on that. And, and you know, you won't hear from him there. And now with Trump's new actions of gutting the labor department, Trump is now having Elon Musk and his night, his team of 19-year-old and 20 year olds who went to the Treasury Department and took over all of that data, then went and got sensitive classified information from USAID and went around to all these departments and took all of our data, right?


This may be the biggest data breach maybe in American history. Now they're targeting the Department of Labor that's gonna be gutted. Department of Education is gonna be gutted. And that's what's going on there. You have Elon Musk bragging about deleting direct filing of the tax program. And even like the Musk and Trump supporters are like, why direct filing seems like a good thing. Direct filing's a good idea. Why are we doing this? Direct filing works for me. Why are we, why are we deleting this? Elon, I love you, but you got this one wrong. It's always funny when people are like, I love you, but you got this one wrong.


There's always, sometimes issues too. You know, like you take, for example, the Venezuelans in South Florida. They're like, I like his tax policies, I like the tax policies, but I just don't like his policies as it relates to Venezuelans. What are we talking about? You? Their policy is to hate you and to not recognize your existence as human beings. They view you as cockroaches, but you, you're, you're unsure there. There may be some other policies when it comes to maybe taxes, maybe the border in general you like, you like some of those ideas, but you have some issues when it comes to the fact that they wanna send you to concentration camps.


So you don't really know how to balance this. I mean, president Biden was very hard on the Maduro regime. President Biden had strong sanctions against them. President Biden was representing all of your interests, protecting your temporary protected status. But he was sleepy. Sleepy Joe. Sleepy guy. Sleepy man. So I don't know, where do I go on this one? I mean, the rage algorithms have created such a brain rott, I don't know if I'm even making excuses for you, but hello, ridiculous, ridiculous stuff.


People who said that Donald Trump was gonna be great on Palestine and he was gonna create peace. Well, Donald Trump announced that he was going to conquer it and occupy it and level it and destroy it and have American troops permanently occupy it. That's what Donald Trump said with Prime Minister Netanyahu. So we're seeing some Palestinian folks, or pro Trumpers who are Palestinian and Muslims for Trump saying, we might have effed up this one. We may have screwed this one up. By the way, here's the CEO of Google, was at Donald Trump's inauguration. There he is.


There's the CEO of Google right there. And now China's retaliating against Google based on Trump's trade war against them. So that's, that's where we're at, folks. Leopards, eating faces, leopards, eating faces. I'm gonna go read my Teamsters magazine now it's subscribe. We'll get to 4 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.