
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


As I've said on previous videos, I'm not showing any audio or video files of Donald Trump, but it is imperative that I keep you posted on what this psychopath is doing, how dangerous and how big of an embarrassment he is to this country. Here is what the psychopath posted earlier in the day he posted this, he said, coming soon, the limited edition 45 guitar, only 1300 of each acoustic and electric guitars made some personally signed Go to get trump guitars.com. Yes, he's of course still grifting off of his supporters. He's selling guitars that have not even been manufactured yet, which may be manufactured sometime in the future. They may arrive in about five to six months, but all sales are final according to the frequently asked question section of the website.


And they cost about $1,500. Yes, this is what Donald Trump is doing, and this is how he is spending his time right now. He also, on his social media website, is posting things like this bullet branded whiskey glasses. Okay? There's also posts on his social media site featuring Robert F. Kennedy Jr. His pick to lead Health and Human services HHS, and it says the following, get your Ivermectin from all family pharmacy at all, family pharma.com, ivermectin, hydrchlor, hydroxychloroquine, and other vitamins. It says, so again, grifting off of the HHS nomination of Robert F. Kennedy conspiracy theorist, who believes that there shouldn't be research into infectious diseases, and also says that drinking water turns children gay.


Donald Trump then posted the following, this is what the radical left lunatics do to people. They dirty them up, they destroy them, and then they spit them out. They're trying to do that right now with some great American patriots who are only trying to fix the mess that the Democrats have made of our country. We will win exclamation point, exclamation point. MAGA I mean. Look, after Donald Trump even won the election, he's still whining and complaining and behaving like this. He's also referring to Matt Gaetz, who Donald Trump ordered that the Ethics Committee and the House of Representatives led by the Republicans block. The release of the Matt Gaetz ethics report showing that Matt Gaetz may have been engaged in child sex trafficking, multiple credible sources having come forward saying that Matt Gaetz was child sex trafficking, multiple victims that Matt Gaetz was involved in drug abuse and Matt Gaetz was obstructing justice.


The Ethics Committee was going to release this report after Donald Trump named Matt Gaetz. As Attorney General Matt Gaetz resigned to try to block the release of the ethics report, and then the Republicans blocked it earlier in the day after Donald Trump sent out that message. Also though, 38% of Donald Trump's entire cabinet has credible allegations of sexual assault against him, and of course, Donald Trump's been found liable for sexual assault, and Donald Trump is on audio bragging about sexually assaulting women. Donald Trump's Secretary of Defense pick, for example, was accused back in 2017, and he also made hush money payments to this woman of raping a woman back in 2017.


And RFK Junior was accused of sexually harassing a nanny and other people, and RFK Junior's response to that was, Hey, it may have happened, it's in the past, but whatever I, I don't even wanna talk about it. I did bad things in the past, but that is who is in charge of the cabinet that Donald Trump wants to appoint. Donald Trump then posted the following, Republicans must kill this bill, and then it links to a video@pbs.org video Press Act dash 1 73. And when you see, what is this bill that Donald Trump is saying, kill? Well, I watched the video and it is a bipartisan bill that says the following legal, persecution, imprisonment, physical violence, and even killings, have become sadly familiar threats for journalists across the world.


They must not now also become commonplace in the United States where threats of violence and online harassment have been recent years become routine. And then one of the things that the bill does is it would protect journalists from government spying, interference by the government and government killings, bipartisan bill, because those things should not be controversial. But Donald Trump says Republicans must kill the bill. Donald Trump then posted the following, that he was appointing somebody by the name of Matthew Whitaker, who previously served as Donald Trump's acting Attorney General to be the United States Ambassador to nato.


Donald Trump previously said he wants to dismantle NATO and flush it down the toilet bowl. And Matt Whitaker's experience in the past, he is a lawyer, but he also created a startup that sold these scammy toilet bowls that were marketed to men who have large testicles so that the testicles don't hit the water. That is what Matt Whitaker was doing before being nominated by Trump. He also was involved in this scam where the city of Des Moines yanked an affordable housing loan that Whitaker's company had been awarded, and another lender began foreclosure proceedings after Whitaker defaulted on a separate loan for nearly $700,000, and several contractors complained that they were not paid in connection with Whitaker's Venture.


So let me be very clear here. Donald Trump found liable for sexual assault. So who does he pick for his cabinet? People who are credibly accused of engaging in SI child sex trafficking? Donald Trump doesn't pay his contractors and defaults on his loans. Who does he appoint? Someone like Whitaker. That's what Donald Trump's doing today.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made on my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Let's take a look as well at what, what else? We see Donald Trump posting post after post, after post, after post, after post that are all just like this in addition to posting that Donald Trump also. Well, here's what Elon Musk posted, rather, Elon Musk said they, so one of the things that an article was the members of Parliament in the UK summon Elon Musk to testify about X's role in UK summer riots. The Commons inquiry into the rise of harmful conduct on social media. It's also expected to call Meta and TikTok executives to which Elon Musk, who's serving as a co-president with Donald Trump right now, says they will be summoned, meaning the members of Parliament in the uk.


He's attacking the UK parliament saying they will be summoned to the United States of America to explain their censorship and threats to American citizens. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski said, look, as I predicted months ago, the power of the US government will be used to retaliate against our allies who dare bother or annoy the shadow President Elon Musk being the shadow president right there. I'm going back to the Matt Gates sex trafficking investigation for a moment. We also learned earlier that Gates sent over $10,000 in Venmo payments to two women who testified in the house probe in connection with the child sex trafficking accusations against him.


We see over here the PayPal payments that were made by Matt Gaetz to the woman. You can see 'em right here, and if you take a look at the notes, it says to the girls being awesome travel expenses reimbursement, love you card, deductible cartridges, high joy. He also gave one of the girls a check for $750 allegedly to have sex with him. And the memo says, A tuition reimbursement. Folks, this is just some nasty, disgusting and horrific stuff. Oh, and then of course you've got Donald Trump's top surrogate, his pit bull, Marjorie Taylor Greene making posts saying that if Republicans release the ethics reports on Matt Gaetz, she'll start releasing reports on them.


And she's knows that they've been involved in sex trafficking and sex assault and that they've been involved with Jeffrey Epstein and others like Jeffrey Epstein. So she's going to out her Republican friends and colleagues if they out Matt Gaetz, that's the Republican party for you, for you folks right now. Here's what Marjorie Taylor Greene says. She goes, for my Republican colleagues in the House and Senate, if we're going to release ethics reports and rip apart our own that Trump has appointed, then put it all out there for the American people to see. Yes, all the ethics reports and claims, including the one I filed, all your sexual harassment and assault claims that were secretly settled, paying off victims with taxpayer money, the entire Jeffrey Epstein files, tapes, recordings, witness interviews, but not just those, there's more.


Epstein wasn't, isn't the only asset if we're going to dance. Let's dance to the sunlight. Oh, by the way, Donald Trump was with his son, Don Jr. Yesterday, and a bunch of senators, rep maga, Republican senators. Did you see Don Jr. Do this here, play the clip. What was, what do you think he was doing there? Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers and thank y'all for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Post Malone presents the big ass stadium tour with Jelly Roll and special guests, Sierra Ferrell in select cities. Presale for Citi Card members is available now@livenation.com.