
This is why people in pro-democracy countries in Europe think that Donald Trump, by far is the biggest threat to world peace, a bigger threat to world peace than even Kim Jong-Un Vladimir Putin and President Xi. It's for things like this. Over this past week while President Biden was meeting with our NATO allies on the 75th anniversary, and President Biden was meeting with President Zelinsky, Donald Trump invited over to Mar-a-Lago, the authoritarian leader of Hungary, Victor Orban, who Donald Trump is obsessed with. Now, Victor Orban had previously met with Vladimir Putin before going to Mar-a-Lago.


All of the Russian media was reporting that after meeting with Vladimir Putin, Victor Orban was going to take those messages from Putin to Donald Trump. American media did not report on it until they learned a few days after it was reported in Russian media that Victor Orban would be meeting Donald Trump. And still you don't see other than the Midas Touch network, the media calling this out, that literally a Putin puppet leading an authoritarian regime in Hungary is now meeting with Donald Trump to try to materially interfere with American foreign policy. So Victor Orban shows up. He goes to Mar-a-Lago, Donald Trump and Victor Orban post photos giving each other the thumbs up, or giving the camera the thumbs up.


A want tobe, authoritarian and Donald Trump and authoritarian in Hungary with a bad GDP and crazy high inflation. Here's what Victor Orban posts after meeting with Donald Trump this week, peace Mission 5.0, it was an honor to visit president at real Donald Trump. He's not the president, and there should not be foreign intervention like this in our country at all. At Mar-a-Lago. Today, we discussed ways to make hashtag peace the good news of the day. He's going to solve it exclamation point. And to be clear, what that message means is that Donald Trump would give you crane to Vladimir Putin and would withdraw any support from the United States to NATO and from Ukraine.


That's what that message is. Donald Trump then reposts Victor Ban's photo and says, thank you, Victor. There must be peace. And he puts that in all caps. And quickly, too many people have died in a war that should have never started. DJT. Now, Donald Trump said that Vladimir Putin's invasion was brilliant. Donald Trump let Vladimir Putin do whatever the hell he wants. I'll show you in a little bit some of the statements that Donald Trump's recently made about Vladimir Putin as well. But Hillary Clinton said at best, right here, it's horrifying to see the leader of a major American party align with foreign autocrats like Victor Orban.


Trump is telling you exactly who he is here. His idea of peace is to give Putin exactly what he wants. Are you on Trump's side with Orban, Putin and dictators around the world? Or are you on the side of democracy? And if you're saying Ben, this is hyperbole. This is hyperbole. So what Putin's puppet visited Mar-a-Lago, after meeting with Putin to deliver Putin's message to Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago. At the same time, president Biden is meeting with our NATO ally. So if, if so, what? Ben, I'm not sure who would say that, but if that's what you said. So what, take a look at this video by Republican voters against Trump.


They put together a really good video here of the types of things that Donald Trump said about Putin recently play the clip. So for 20 years, I heard that nato, if Ukraine goes into nato, it's a real problem for Russia. I've heard that for a long time, and I think that's really why this war started. I'm not sure that this war would've started. Donald Trump also recently posted about Victor Orban on a prior visit to Mar-a-Lago. Victor Orban is a great leader. And man, the wonderful people of Hungary are lucky to have them. Really, the entire GDP of Hungary is $189 billion.


That's less than the annual revenue of many American corporations. Annual inflation in Hungary is around 20%. But here's what Donald Trump says. This is why Donald Trump idolizes Victor Orban. Let me show you this clip. He goes, there's a great man in Europe. His name is Victor Orban. He's a strong man. It's nice to have a strong man running your country. This is what Trump said recently about Orban when he was in New Hampshire. Play this clip. There's a great man, a great leader in Europe, Victor Orban. He's the, he's the Prime Minister of Hungary. He's a very great leader, very strong man.


Some people don't like him 'cause he's too strong. It's nice to have a strong man running your country. After Donald Trump said that Russia celebrated Victor ban's return from Mar-a-Lago, and saying that Trump told him that a message that should be delivered to Putin is that Trump would want to end the war in 24 hours by cutting off all aid to Ukraine. On Russian tv. Their hosts, their version of their Sean Hannity, is this scheme by Donald Trump would suit us very, very well. Here is Donald Trump at another event at Mar-a-Lago, where he invited Victor Orban saying that the reason that Victor Orban is great is he's the boss.


He says it like it is, and nobody gets to question him. Donald Trump's fantasies about strong man authoritarians play the clip. There's nobody that's better, smarter, or A better leader than Victor Orban. He's fantastic. He's the, as you know, the prime Minister of Hung and does a great job. He's a non-controversial figure because he said this is the way it's gonna be, and that's the end of it. But he's the boss and he now, he's a great leader, fantastic leader in Europe and all over the world. They're respected. It's an honor to have you with us, Victor. Very great Honor. Thank, I'm gonna show you what President Biden said about Victor Orban in a moment. But let me just show you one more clip of Donald Trump talking about Orban.


Play the clip World War iii. If we're not careful. I was very honored, a very great head of a country, Victor Orban hungry, very powerful. He fronts on both Russia and Ukraine, knows him both very well. He told me a lot of things, great guy. But they asked him about, I think you get the picture right here.


How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every single month? I think the answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. I definitely did like the time. I forgot, I subscribed to a certain streaming service. But thanks to Rocket Money, I'm no longer wasting money on the ones that I forgot about. You see Rocket Money, it's a personal finance app that fines and cancels your unwanted subscriptions. It monitors your spending and helps you lower your bills so that you can grow your savings With rocking money, I have full control over my subscriptions and a clear view of my expenses. I can see all of my subscriptions in one place, and if I see something I don't want rocking money can help me cancel it with just a few taps. I love how the dashboard shows me this month's spending compared to last month, so I could clearly see my spending habits. Plus they'll help me create a custom budget and keep my spending on track. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you by up to 20%. All you have to do is submit a picture of your bill and Rocket. Money takes care of the rest. They'll deal with customer service for you. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps feature. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Midas Touch. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash Midas Touch.


Here's President Biden at a speech that he gave saying it tells you a lot about a person in the company. They keep here, play this clip. I can tell you a lot about a person who he keeps company with. And yesterday he was hosting at his club, Victor Orban, who says he doesn't think democracy works. Call him a fantastic leader. Seriously, he's been sucking up to win. Anyway, We recently did a video here at the Midas Touch Network, props to our entire team of editors who put this thing together, fair together fairly quickly, which was comparing President Biden's speech from this past week at nato, addressing the world to Donald Trump's speech.


Same time Donald Trump gave the speech where Donald Trump was talking about how he's never even heard of what NATO was until he took office here, play the clip. In 1949, leaders of 12 countries, including President Truman, came together in this very room and created a North Atlantic Treaty organization. I didn't even know what the hell, NATO was too much before, but it didn't take me long to figure it out. Like about two minutes Today, NATO is stronger than it's ever been in its history. 32 nations strong, 28 countries, 28 countries think of that.


We know Putin won't stop at Ukraine, but make no mistake, Ukraine can and will stop Putin. You know Ukraine, when you think Ukraine, I had a very good relationship with Putin. We talk about it was the apple of his eye. President Reagan put it, and I quote, if you are threatened, we are threatened. If you're not at peace, we cannot be at peace. And they said, would you protect us? I said, no, I will not protect you from Russia Again and again at critical moments. We chose unity over Disunion. When people who love our country protest on January 6th and Washington, they become hostages freedom, Overturning hope over fear.


Well, if you leave Florida, you end up getting shot, mugged, draped. This Is a pivotal moment for Europe, for the transatlantic community. And I might add for the world, Did anyone ever see the lovely movie Silence of the Lambs? Did you see it? Did you ever hear of Hannibal Lec? He was a lovely man. Reagan knew it then. We know it now. Our nations will continue to keep faith with what we pledged in years to come. Yes. So yes. And quickly says President Trump. Yes. So yes, I think it's helpful to have an international perspective as well. Here is the Australian former Australian Prime Minister Turnbull here.


He talks about how he perceived Donald Trump when, when he was in office here play this clip. Now what Trump does and what, and, and of course Victor Orban, who he's also fascinated with, as you said, does the same thing in Hungary. What he does, what his goal is, is to divide, take advantage of those divisions, and then use that to, you know, rile up his supporters, you know, so that he can get enough support to win. And it's this, you know, this is supported by the right wing media in America, particularly Fox News, what, what I call anger attainment.


And it, it, you know, it, it's, it's doing unbelievable damage to your country. I mean, you live there. You know what it's like the problem for the rest of us. We all have a, we all have a stake in your election, but we don't have a say in it. And here's one more clip of former Australian Prime Minister Turnbull play this clip. When You see Trump with Putin, as I have on a few occasions, he's like the 12-year-old boy that goes to high school and meets the captain of the football team. My hero. It is really creepy. It's really creepy. No, I don't. And that struck you at the time. Oh, absolute. It struck everybody. It was, it was like it, you could touch it.


It was creep. The creepiness was palpable. Are you trying to say they're having a bromance? No, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm just telling you what I saw. Regrettably, the Republican party under Donald Trump, and particularly the right wing of the Republican Party, are very sympathetic to Vladimir Putin. I mean, I've been with Trump and Putin. Trump is in awe of Putin. Tyrants are often popular. You see, the key to democracy, liberal democracy is that it empowers the majority, but it also, through the rule of law, constrains the majority. And if you get to the point where anybody who can muster a majority, and I don't think Trump can do that By the way, but anyone who can muster a majority is given absolute power and then can do whatever they like to the minority.


That's not a democracy. That is a tyranny. That that is, that is an autocracy. Even if it's got the support of 50, 51% of the population. That is not what makes a democracy. A democracy, as we understand it, is one where the rule of law protects all citizens. And the rule of law applies to all citizens, whether they're the president or the prime minister, or an ordinary, you know, elector. I think that says a lot right there. And I think this should be the focus of, of the media. I know the media doesn't focus on any of these issues, but we're gonna keep focusing on 'em here at the Midas Touch Network. We'll keep pushing 'em.


What's more important than what's more important than things like this in Project 2025 and talking about our climate and talking about women's reproductive rights, talking about how Donald Trump wants to be a dictator on day one. It's about democracy. It's about the survival of our democracy. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.