
So Donald Trump's lawyer, Alina Haba is at it again. This is what she's been posting over and over again. Photos like this and like this and like this and like this. She's also posting selfie videos of herself, referring to Donald Trump, her client and the leader of the Republican Party. Now that's gone full MAGA as big daddy. She calls him big daddy here playing this clip. The Goat of golf. Who loves Big Daddy Trump. I love Daddy Trump. Oh, hey, I just got a great future behind me. That's all I got. We just love our country. We do love our country. We love Our country.


Vote Trump. Vote I mean. Just think about as a lawyer, you're calling him big daddy. Then she went and just did an interview where she compared Donald Trump to Nelson Mandela. Here play this clip. So We can't be scared. You can't be scared. That's what they want. That's the machine is to create fear. If you create fear, you will shut down. You'll become oppressed, you'll become censored, and you will conform. You cannot do that. The great people in the history of this country were the ones in this exact situation that we're the victims of this, but spoke up Martin Luther King, Jr.


Nelson Mandela. People that had voices when they weren't supposed to. Rosa Parks, I mean it could go on and on. People persecuted, prosecuted, and then they stepped up. Jesus. So where do you wanna be in this world? Do you wanna be insignificant and a follower? Or do you want to be a person that follows your morals and the fabric of who you are and were raised to be? You know, my parents fled from that and I most certainly will not go down for doing what's right. What, what am I doing wrong? Exactly. You know what? What is it that bothers you so much that I do?


I represent President Trump. I represent the Constitution America. And I go on TV and I speak facts about what I see in court and what I see in our justice system. I Mean. That's why we say this is a cult. What kind of behavior is that? And I showed you the other types of things that she's posting. Like who is that appealing to Remember when she said this, when she went on the podcast, that she'd rather be pretty or attractive than smart? 'cause you can fake being smart here. Play this clip. Somebody said to me, Alina, would you rather be, would you rather be smart or pretty? And I said, oh, easy.


Pretty. I can fake being smart. I meet 'em all the time. Alina. You know, I mean, that's the honest truth. And it's gonna make me, you know, I'm sure there'll be some Washington Post article about it tomorrow. Daily Beast, my favorite. But listen, like you have to be honest. It doesn't hurt to be good looking in this world, in the PR world on tv, it doesn't hurt. And when you're good looking, that's great. But it can also mean people think you're stupid. Or people think that President Trump hired me because I was good looking. That is absolutely not the case. I Mean seriously. And then let's talk about what Alina Haba has also been posting and saying and doing.


You remember when, I think I covered this recently. Alina Haba just went on Fox and she referred to Donald Trump playing golf as risking his life. She goes, he risks his life. Every time he's out there playing golf here, play this clip. He is completely unrelenting. He will go out there today and do the same thing he has always done because he is so determined to save this country, even when it means risking his life. Not once, but twice. And that's all that we know of. So you know him, Martha, that's who the man is. He is just the strongest fiercest fighter that America could ask for. So What you're, again, it should be noted that the Secret Service has warned Donald Trump repeatedly about his Florida golf course and all these golf courses that he plays on that are in public view, near public highways and roads, that these are things are dangerous.


But Donald Trump refuses to, to, to stop playing golf. It's too important to him, by the way, she's now cutting these bizarre ads from everywhere you look on X, formerly Twitter, you have ads that she's making like this one right here.


So Anybody that knows me, Alina Haa, senior advisor to the Trump campaign. But let's be honest, I also care a lot about my fit check. So did you know that over 2 billion plastic razors end up in US landfills each year? It's a staggering number I know. And it's just one of the many reasons why we need to rethink our shaving habits. Henson Shaving is leading the charge in this revolution. Let's join it together. Their razors are made of aluminum with no plastic in sight, not even in the packaging. And get this, they work with standard dual edge blades that cost less than 10 cents each. Once you have a Henson Razor, you're looking at just three to $5 per year for blade replacements. It's a win for your wallet and a win for the environment. It's time to say no to subscriptions and yes to a razor that will last you a lifetime. So visit henson shaving.com/midas and pick the razor for you and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and you'll get two years worth of blades free with your razor. Just make sure to add them to your cart. That's 100 free blades when you head to H-E-N-S-O-N-S-H-A-V-N g.com/midas. And use that code Midas.


And this one right here, Alina Haba Trump headquarters in Florida. Everyone, I'm so excited to be here and I, I wanted to go around and surprise these poor people that are going to make crazy and ask them a very important question. If you donate $5, what does it do to help us? Okay, so here we go. Hi. Hi. How are you? Good, how are you? Okay, so I need you to tell me if we get $5 from that person watching right now, how's it gonna help us? We are gonna be able to register thousands of people to vote. Perfect love that thousands of people registered to vote is so important. Guys, if you don't register and you're not out there on November 5th, there is nothing I can do a President Trump can do without you. Hey, hi. How are you?


Good. Tell me what $5 does for us. $5 means we can put on hundreds, thousands of more rallies. Love that. If you put on a rally, you get to hear me yell at you and tell Kamala she's the worst. Hey, tell me what $5 donating does for the campaign. It'll get us more ads to reach all voters with Trump's message. That's a hundred percent true. But we need you guys to take a minute, donate, click the link below and help us make America greet again As the Patriot takes account. Said, does Alina Hobb have to keep making these donation videos until she gets all of Donald Trump's money back? You'll recall that the cases that she's lost thus far have resulted in judgments.


If he add the Eugene Carroll and then you add the New York Attorney General civil fraud suit, it's like something like $500 million in losses. And then that's not even including the sanctions, but more on the sanctions in a moment. As we show you all the things that Alina Habb has been doing recently, as you saw in those clips right there, I wanna remind you, I think this is so important. 'cause people forget, people don't talk about this anymore. Remember when the search warrant was executed at Mar-a-Lago, very long time ago at this point, MA, 18, 24 months ago, whenever it was a very long time ago at Mar-a-Lago, remember what she was out there saying? Remember what the first instinct was saying?


The FBI planted the stuff that this stuff wasn't Donald Trump's the FBI planted it. Remember, just so you can see what she and the Trump lawyers were saying here, Play it. Well, Do you have evidence that the FBI might have planted, planted something, anything at Mar-a-Lago seven weeks ago? You know what we know, and I'm not gonna speak into details because it would obviously be confidential and go to the defense of the case, the attorney's handling it, which I am not. But I, as I have said on the show before, I think the concern is that we have recordings of these agents going in and then we were not permitted to watch the agents in Mar-a-Lago go into his office space, for instance, or his home, his bedroom or Melania's closet.


And that is incredibly concerning. Another thing is they came in with equipment, with bags. So you never know. Unfortunately, the climate that we're in politically has led us to believe that we can't really be sure that they're following the rule of law at any point. And that's the most concerning thing I think, for all Americans right now, Rob. Yeah. And this was something that was repeatedly pushed by her. Like this Play it. This was on Fox. This Is a joke. This is me Memento. And quite honestly, I'm concerned that they may have planted something. You know, at this point. Who knows, don don't trust the government. And that's a very frightening thing as an American, if I didn't wanna be an American and go to another, this is third world stuff. We've heard it. This is Cuba.


This is, this is not our country. People are Saying. But now, in the past week or two, she went on Fox and her Now perspective on everything is that actually Donald Trump's immune from everything Supreme Court said, you can't even prosecute Donald Trump. I'm trying to show you how these arguments, if you want to even call 'em, that just evolve and are so malleable, they make no sense. This is where she's saying, now Supreme Court says Donald Trump could commit any crime he wants to commit here. Play this clip. Why We are here. Judge Marsha's decision today, while it does show some deference, is still flawed in my opinion, because of one thing, like you said, the Supreme Court, which is the highest court in this country, a country based on the Constitution, separation of powers.


We have that in place for a reason. They said that a president is immune, and that's all presidents, not just President Trump from these types of political or any frankly, prosecution, persecution, civilly or criminally. And the fact that he is kicking the can down the road, while it's appreciated because he doesn't wanna appear to be doing what I, and you have called election interference, which is what it is, is great. However, this case should be frankly dismissed. There was testimony on this case at the time of trial from people that were sitting in the oval from the president's team, evidence that should never have been brought in under this Supreme Court decision. So hitting the can down the road, I appreciate. But quite honestly, Sean, this should be vacated in its entirety.


I mean, what in the world are we talking about there? And then finally, I'll leave you with this. You know, she goes and speaks at these right wing conventions where she brags about getting sanctioned. And she's like, you know, the fake news won't tell you I get sanctioned all the time. A million dollar sanctioned here. Watch what she says. That got assigned to a Clinton appointed judge. And what do you think happened? Nobody's heard of the case, right? It's 'cause it's gone. I never met the judge. I never walked into the courtroom. There were probably 50 lawyers representing all of the radical left Clinton's lawyers, MOOC's lawyers, and the list goes on and on and on One month it got dismissed and me and President Trump got sanctioned a million dollars for going against crooked Hillary.


What? You didn't know that did you? Fake news folks. Fake news. They won't report it. But guess what? We paid that million and we're gonna keep on fighting. And again, that's what Donald Trump's lawyer, top advisor Alina Hobb has been doing. I mean, judge. Judge for yourself, I mean don. Don't get it. I I, you may get it. You may go, aha, that Ben, that's great. I You'll have to explain that to me. Sorry. Sorry for even showing that to you. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching.


Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.