
Behind the bright lights and adrenaline of pro sports is an equally exciting world of negotiations and deal Making. That's what we cover each week on our podcast, the Deal. I'm Alex Rodriguez, former baseball player, turned business Executive. And I'm Jason Kelly, chief correspondent for Bloomberg Originals. Over the next couple months, we'll hear from all stars like Jay Williams. I wanna be an owner one day, Billie Jean King. Learn the business and so many more. Listen to the deal on Spotify.


How do you feel Great on vacation? Like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on uncool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Weight loss. It needs to be fast and sustainable. Noom GLP one starts at just $149 and chips to your door in seven days. Take it from Clay Basier, who lost 35 pounds on Noom. It's A psychological thing too. They're definitely teaching how to live a better, healthier lifestyle. Noom is teaching me the habits so I do not have to be on weight loss meds forever. Don't believe it. Take it from Lauren who lost 22 pounds on Noom. If I come off of the GLP one, it's not gonna automatically make my weight yo-yo back. I'm gonna have good skills and know what to do to take care of myself. $149 GLP ones now, that's Noom smart Noom, the smart way to lose weight. Get started with Noom glp1@noom.com. Real noom users compensated to provide their story. Individual results may vary. Not all customers will medically qualify for prescription medications. Compounded medications are not reviewed by the FDA for safety, efficacy, or quality.


Remember when Donald Trump and all the Republicans would go drill, baby drill? Or how about when Donald Trump said, we've got a frack, frack frack like a duck frack, frack frack. Well, now the oil executives who supported Donald Trump said, whoa, we actually don't need to drill baby drill. They're acknowledging that under the Biden administration, we are energy independent for the first time. They're also recognizing from a geological perspective under the Biden administration, which has enabled oil companies to do this. We've explored a lot of the areas in the United States where you can actually drill or frack in ways that don't negatively impact the health of people or kill people.


And so now the oil executives are saying, whoa, whoa, whoa. We actually don't want to drill baby drill. We've got another plan in mind. We would like to actually pull that back for a second here. Here's the article from the Wall Street Journal. These are from Trump backing oil execs. It just shows you how phony they are. It's what I keep talking about over and over again. All their messages are so phony. Trump's oil and gas. Donors don't really want to drill, baby drill. The fossil fuel tycoons helped return the president-elect to Washington, but now they are seeking to lock in use of their products for years to come. Donald Trump wants oil companies to drill baby drill on the first day of his presidency.


But the fossil fuel benefactors who supported him and gave him hundreds of millions of dollars, they have a different agenda. Now, by the way, it's like the other story that I did where it's like the CEOs in red states actually don't want Donald Trump to do mass deportations. Now, the farmers who supported Donald Trump don't want that. The other business people who supported Donald Trump don't want the tariffs that he planned. This is what he said he was gonna do. Goes on to say, many of the tycoons Republican tycoons who backed Trump's victorious campaign say what they need help with is shoring up demand for their products, not pumping more fossil fuels, which they have little incentive to do.


In other words, the supply is so significant right now under the Biden administration that there really isn't even the kind of requisite demand unless you either kind of price gouge or kind of do something artificial to the market. So these tycoons are pushing for policies that would lock in fossil fuel use, such as easier permitting for the pipelines and terminals to shuttle fossil fuels to new markets. They also favor eliminating Biden administration policies meant to put more electric vehicles on the road. 'cause why would you want to open up more markets to create other factories and other areas while at the same time you still are making record profits?


It's just freaking greed right there. Under President Biden shale companies produced record amounts of oil and natural gas as crude prices rebounded from the pandemic's depths and then soared after Russia's invasion of Ukraine. But the industry is also confronting the early stages of a long-term shift away from fossil fuels, as well as concerns that gasoline consumption has peaked in the us. So what they're saying is, we don't need to drill baby drill, Donald. We've got all of the oil that we need. We need you to kill the EV industry. Yeah, you know the EV industry that's out there building the factories in Michigan and Ohio and all of the swing states that, by the way, voted for you anyway.


Get rid of them jobs, get rid of 'em. We have another plan in mind. We want to make sure that we become the exclusive cartel for our products even though we're producing record amounts. So it's not drill, baby drill, it goes on to say Trump handed shale donors, fracking donors, their first big return on investment by nominating Liberty Energy Chief Executive Chris Wright, a fracking booster and fossil fuel champion to lead Trump's energy department. When Dan Eberhart the CEO of oil field services firm, Canary met with Trump during a fundraiser at his Mar-a-Lago Club in Florida. Eberhardt had a unique request. He asked Trump to push back on the International Energy Agency, the influential power space energy forecaster.


The agency has predicted global oil demand will peak by the end of the decade, earning scorn from GOP lawmakers who dubbed the group an energy transition cheerleader. So let's just recap, right, Donald, we're producing the supply that we have is through the roof right now. Here's what we need you to do. Kill electric vehicles for us. And also, you know those agencies that report the statistics? Let's kill that as well. Let's go after them as well. That's one of the other things that we are seeing right there. You keep reading more of this. It says, many of Trump's oil and natural gas supporters favor easing regulations that govern drilling.


The changes would include scrapping rules, targeting methane emissions, getting new permits to frack on federal land, and eliminating climate disclosure rules. So to be very clear, also, the plan is, despite the fact that we are doing record supply right now, can we also maybe drill on some protected areas, some federally protected lands? You know, we're tourist visit some of those beautiful areas. That's where we need to do our frac, maybe even near people's homes. Yeah, they may develop cancer or get sick, but eh, that won't happen to us. We'll be in our, we'll be in our villas in Lake Como in in Italy, and we'll be in our private Villa Lakehouse, wherever.


It'll just affect them and it doesn't matter. Then just blame the Democrats, have Fox News, blast it and we won't take any responsibility for it. So that's what the Trump Ty oil tycoons are saying right now. I want to just, I just wanna show you these charts right here so you can see it for yourself. This is one I talked about last week though, and this came from Harold Ham, one of the donors to Donald Trump. They go, people think we're gonna raise three to 4 million barrels a day, but in my opinion, from a geologist perspective, you're not gonna see that we've searched this country pretty good. This was a chart from JP Morgan. The US achieved US energy independence for the first time in 40 years while Europe and China compete for global energy resources.


The first time was under the Biden administration, so it was back from March 11th, 2024. The United States produces more crude oil than any country ever. Oil, gas, and renewable energy production at all time highs. America is more energy independent than ever, and as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski shows here, this is an example of how we are energy independent. Philip Kowski writes, every single person at a Trump rally will tell you that the reverse of this chart is true because that's what Trump and Fox and Newsmax tell them. They live in an alternative anger, attainment, fact free reality. They believe Comi Democrats have stopped fossil fuel production when you see under the Trump years that America was not a net oil petroleum exporter, and it is under the Biden administration.


Another chart here, you see that oil production is up. Now here's, here's two things I want to show you. First, I want show you this video by Adam Mackler. Make sure you subscribe to his YouTube channel. Adam LERs, the Gen Z reporter at the Midas Touch Network partner with the Midas Touch Network. Here. He points out, for example, how the lies about electric vehicles and the efforts by the Biden administration, how these lies and disinformation spread on social media networks like Elon Musk, like quite literally, the Republicans use a false headline and say with $7.5 billion, all that Pete Buttigieg in the Department of Transportation was able to do is do a total of eight charging stations.


That's eight. Think about all the government waste, just totally a lie. And then Buttigieg had to kind of counter the lie. But I just wanna show you, there's a fire hose of just lies and disinformation out there, which is why people believe that America's not energy independent. Now, the drill baby drill stuff worked, but now when they're in power, they're singing a very different tune. But here's what Mockler had to say, play this clip. Watch how quickly Pete Buttigieg shut Elon Musk down on his own app. This is beautiful, and it all started when Donald Trump Jr. Quote tweeted somebody who falsely said, Pete Buttigieg will leave his post as transportation secretary having spent $7.5 billion to build eight EV charging stations.


Now, that is a complete distortion of data, and we'll get to that. But that didn't stop. Donald Trump Jr. From boosting that to his tens of millions of followers by saying, does not seem like a great return on investment. But hey, he checked a woke box, so it's totally worth it. Okay, so that is egregiously offensive. He's saying that because Pete Buttigieg is gay, because he has a husband that he's not qualified, but Pete is more qualified than this nepotism baby will ever be. But we'll move on from that. Pete Buttigieg then responded straight up and said, the tweet you quoted is false. I think more Dems need to get in there and just Say, you are wrong. What you're saying is false. Then Elon Musk says, with a little bit of snark, well please post the rebuttal then Community notes will take care of the rest.


So Pete Buttigieg posted the rebuttal. He said, to start off, $7.5 billion has not been spent nor anything like that. That's the entire program budget for the NEVI program, which is to help build out a national charging network by 2030. Secondly, there are chargers now operational in nine states, which does not mean nine chargers. To be clear, these are only the first handful, though most are to be built in the second half of the decade. so you can see how Republicans distort the facts right there. There was probably a headline that said charging stations were built in these nine states, and some conservative refused to read past the headline and thought, oh, there's only nine stations that have been built. Then Pete Buttigieg says, third, in this program, the Chargers are built by the states, not the federal government.


And while it takes time to get a novel multi-billion dollar program going across 50 states, the states are on track. He then provides a link and says, for anyone interested in the program and where the charges are going, here's a further data map. And Elon Musk says, this is helpful to understand. Just this is helpful to understand. This dude is relentlessly spreading disinformation, and the correction only gets a small fraction of the views that the actual disinformation got. We have an uphill battle to fight.


Lumen is the world's firsthand held metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath, and on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal ships so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen LUME n.me/midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUE n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time, go to lumen.me/midas, L-U-M-E-N, dot me slash Midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


And here's the guy who I mentioned before, Chris Wright, who's now the head of the energy department. He's a energy secretary. He was the Colorado and oil gas fracking executive. And here's him saying on the bright side of climate change is that all the deaths from flooding and drought will be more than offset by fewer cold weather deaths. Here play this clip. President-elect Trump's pick for energy Secretary is an oil and gas executive from Colorado who says the bright side of climate change is that all of the deaths from the increased heat will be more than offset by fewer deaths from the cold. Chris Wright is a vocal evangelist for fracking. His company, Liberty Energy, works with that sector.


Trump called out his fracking expertise specifically in nominating him for energy. Secretary Wright has said that the well-established link between climate change and more extreme weather is quote unquote fear mongering. He said there is no climate crisis and he shares Trump's goal of opening up federally protected lands for oil and gas drilling. The efforts of the current administration to make it harder to get a drilling permit or to get a pipeline or to drill on these lands. What does that do in in? In fact, it just means we produce a little less oil and natural gas. It doesn't change demand at all, so it just pushes prices up. Oil Production in the US is at a record high. It's higher than it was when President Trump was in office.


So what's the problem? It would be higher. While Trump is called climate change, a hoax, right, acknowledges that burning fossil fuels is causing the Earth's temperature to rise. But Wright says that all the deaths coming from floods and droughts will be offset by reduced deaths from extreme cold. Well, there you have it, folks. Change in there. Tune. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be let point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.