
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


The rest of the world is disgusted, revolted at laughing at, depending on if you're our adversary. The United States Trump looks like a little pathetic cornered rat right now. No offense to pathetic cornered rats who have more dignity than Donald Trump. So Trump's chief propagandist, Caroline Levitt begging. What does Donald Trump say? Begging like a dog, right? She's begging China. Please give Donald Trump a call. Please. Can you please call him the ball's in your court? He's waiting for your call. Watch this pathetic display of weakness by Caroline Levitt at yesterday's press conference. Play this clip.


Look, the president has Veted made his position on China quite clear, although I do have an additional statement that he just shared with me in the Oval Office. The ball is in China's court. China needs to make a deal with us. We don't have to make a deal with them. There's no difference between China and any other country, except they are much larger and China wants what we have, what every country wants, what we have the American consumer, or to put another way, they need our money. So the President, again, has made it quite clear that he's open to a deal with China, but China needs to make a deal with the United States of America. You know, at the same time that was taking place, a top Hong Kong official was saying to the Trump regime, Hey, you want to call us peasants?


Let's me tell you what's really going on here. You're never going to take down China. I mean, didn't the Trump regime say, oh, we're, we're Outmaneuvering China. Here we, this is what we're doing Here. Play this clip. The chief executive of the Hong Kong special administrative region said Hong Kong is the largest trade surplus region for the United States, but the United States still imposes such tariffs on Hong Kong, which is simply outrageous, overbearing, and shameless. This makes the world see more clearly that the United States cannot stand seeing Hong Kong doing well and is the biggest disruptor of Hong Kong's human rights, freedom, legal order, and prosperity, stability.


It's not after our taxes, but our lives. The United States repeatedly suppresses Hong Kong, which will only lead to the accelerated demise of its agents in Hong Kong, and ultimately backfire on itself. Let those American bumpkins whale in front of the 5,000 year old civilization of the Chinese nation, And great job, Donald, because yesterday Hong Kong announced that it would be suspending all of its postal service to the United States after Trump's tariff hikes.


Hong Kong post the postal service in the semi-autonomous Chinese city is going to stop handling packages coming from or going to the US amid an escalating trade war. In a statement published Wednesday, announcing the decision, the government of Hong Kong cited Trump's decision last week to eliminate the so-called de minimis exception for postal item sent from the city to the us. The US is unreasonable bullying and imposing tariffs. Abusively. The government said in the statement, the public in Hong Kong should be prepared to pay exorbitant and unreasonable fees due to the US unreasonable and bullying acts.


It goes on to say the postal service will stop accepting packages transported by sea with an immediate effect and stop taking airborne packages starting from April 27th, the Hong Kong government said on a, in a statement. So all of those products that Americans rely on from some of the, all the websites that are based in Hong Kong, all, all of those products, you ain't getting them no more. And stuff's about to get way more expensive. Great work, Donald Gr. Real brilliant move, Donald. Let me just give us the facts as well. So China has suspended sending rare earth minerals to the United States as well, which is used in everything right now, from computers to phones, you name it.


They're not selling it to the United States. Now, the Trump regime thinks that it's being smart by preventing Nvidia from selling one of its chips back to China after the Trump regime has raised tariffs on China to 145%, which China just said is absolutely laughable at this point. Well, now Donald Trump is killing an American company and also further tanking the stock market again, Trump has no clue what he's doing, and he's being laughed at and mocked by our adversaries. And at this point, our allies or our former allies who are like, we're not messing around with the US no more. They're crazy. They're revolted.


They're disgusted for all of Donald Trump's love of Putin and Russia. This is what is on loop right now on Russian propaganda tv. Let me share with you, we've translated this in AI as well, the voice, so you can hear it. This is what they're playing on loop right now on Russia tv, which of course gets the blessing from Putin to play this over and over again. But at the same time, we must understand in two months he will be 79 years old. And he differs from Biden in that his dementia manifests differently. That is true verbal diarrhea and the need to show his internal audience every day that he's a super macho. He needs great victories, spectacular ones. We even created a Trump verbal bingo.


Yes, today was a great day. I had a brilliant conversation with so and so, showed him our coolest weapon that only America has. Thanks to the fact that the President Trump, I gave him an ultimatum, it's a dire ultimatum. If he doesn't immediately accept my deal terms, things will be very bad for him. Well, most likely it'll be good because we'll reach an agreement tomorrow, but if we don't agree, it'll be even worse for him because we have super weapons. I am a cool president. It feels like his speech writer, they elected Trump. I'm great. Now I Understand who writes his speeches for him? So let me get this straight. So Donald Trump sends his top envoy, Steve Whitcock, who's just like a, like a real estate guy from New York, who's now the chief negotiator with Putin.


Witkoff puts his hand on his heart and says, Vladimir, Vladimir. Two days later, Vladimir Putin sends two ballistic missiles into the city of Sumi in Ukraine, killing 35 innocent Ukrainians injuring 120 Ukrainians who are out for Palm Sunday, celebrating with their families by a church. Then Donald Trump spends the entire week kissing Putin's ass. You know how Donald Trump uses that term? They're kissing my ass. No one's kissing your ass, Donald. You're kissing Putin's ass, attacking Zelensky, blaming Zelensky for Putin's unlawful invasion of Ukraine. And what does he get in return?


Well, I guess Donald, at least Putin isn't showing the nudes of Melania. Again, remember, after Trump won the election, Putin was playing on loop nudes of Melania to mock Trump. But now this is what you're getting on Russia tv. And so that's why I wanna show you all what's really going on, because corporate news ain't gonna show you that. Let me show you what corporate news ain't gonna show you either. So a video that was made by Lars Kar from Greenland, and this is going crazy viral right now in Greenland, a message to the people of America from 97% of Greenland here, watch this, American friends, you voted to put America first.


How did that turn out? Inflation is up, the market is down, eggs are still 10 bucks. And Ebola prevention. Well, don't worry about that. Meanwhile, the administration is obsessed with a indexing Greenland. Instead of helping Americans keep their homes, your politicians are trying to take ours. Instead of making Americans feel safe, your politicians are making your neighbors fear. Do us both a favor, tell your representatives to actually put America first. We don't need this kind of attention, but America does.


This episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Wild Grain. Wild Grain is the first bake from frozen subscription box for artisanal breads, pastries, and pastas. Wild grains boxes are fully customizable to your taste and dietary restrictions. In addition to their classic variety box, they recently launched a new gluten-free box and a plant-based box that is 100% vegan. Best of all, they take the hassle out of baking since all items bake from frozen in 25 minutes or less with no mess or cleanup. Now my personal experience with Wild Grain has been incredible. I wouldn't steer you wrong. It's super convenient and all the products are high quality and super fresh. I cannot say enough good things about Wild Grain, and I know that you're gonna love them as much as I do. Are you ready to bring all your favorite carbs right to your doorstep? Be sure to check out Wild Grain so you can begin building your own box for artisanal breads, pastas, and pastries. For a limited time, Wildgrain is offering our listeners $30 off the first box, PLUS free Croissants in every box when you go to wild grain.com/ Midas Plus to start your subscription.


Now, it should also be noted as well that Greenland is, and the Greenland's Foreign Minister is working on deals with China right now, and this at the same time, the European Union expects us tariffs to stay. As talks make little progress, the European Union and the US made scant progress. Bridging trade differences this week as officials from Donald Trump's administration indicated that the bulk of the US tariffs imposed on the European Union will not be removed. European Union negotiators, I was watching what their foreign, what their head of foreign negotiations or trade, their trade minister said from the eu.


They're like, we don't understand the intentions of the Trump administration. Like it literally makes no sense to us. As Buku capital bloke says, the most obvious and simple proof, there is no plan. So America's now in a full on trade war, unprecedented in scope with China. So now the US is asking countries to take its side saying it's our side or China's side, we need you to stand with us. But first they pissed off every other country in the world, the order of operation makes literally no sense. It's indefensible. That's what the US is saying, we need your support. Stand by us.


Meanwhile, Caroline Levitt today during her propaganda stupid press conference in the Oval Office, again attacked Canada and said, we wanna make Canada the 51st state Play this clip. Sure, I'm tariffs yesterday in the Oval Office, which outlet are you with? The Canadian Public Broadcaster. Oh, nice to see you. Thank you. Yesterday in the Oval Office, president Trump suggested that there could be some help for automakers. I'm wondering what that looks like. Is it tariff relief on the 25% tariffs that are in place right now? Or the new tariffs that are coming up in May on auto parts and a second on Canada, if I may. President Trump's tone when it comes to Canada, US relations, Canadians have noticed it's shifted a bit in the past few weeks ever since the election campaign started.


He stopped talking about Canada becoming the 51st state, at least publicly. I'm wondering if that's on purpose and why I would reject the president's position on Canada has shifted. Perhaps he just hasn't been asked about Canada by questions from this group in the Oval Office when they see him almost every day. But the president still maintains his position on Canada. The United States has been subsidizing Canada's national defense, and he believes that Canadians would benefit greatly from becoming the 51st state of the United States of America as Right. So there's a reason now why when the US is giving the world an ultimatum, US or China, you pick, why would they pick the U? Why would they pick you?


You're a crazy, like you're literally a crazy person. I mean, there were multiple trilateral bilateral trade agreements that former President Obama and Biden entered into with Japan, with South Korea, with countries in Southeast Asia, with Europe elsewhere, to try to address all of these things like, like, but even Donald, I'm not trying to give Donald credit for anything because he literally just repackaged NAFTA and called it the United States Mexican Trade Agreement, the U-S-M-C-T-A, the U-S-M-T-A, you know? So he repackaged that.


But now what's Donald Trump doing today? No, I'm just going after Mexico. The US Commerce Department on Monday said, most tomatoes imported from Mexico to the United States will now face duties of 20.91% from July 14th as it withdraws from an agreement, it said fail to protect domestic tomato growers. Okay, but did your agreement, these are like a lot of this stuff is dating back to free trade agreements that Trump put in place that was refined under Biden. But this was, these were some of your agreements there, Donald. So no wonder the United States economies losing tens of billions of dollars on tourism Canada led the path they said to the world, why would we go to the US boycott, the US boycott US products.


Europe is doing that as well. Right now we're seeing that and, And by the way, we're seeing China buy Australian beef. We're seeing China put its cars, electric vehicle BDS into Europe. People not buying Teslas in Europe anymore. This Trump tower's been an unmitigated disaster. Oh, the, the Trump banning Nvidia from sending the chips into China, which are kind of reduced effective chips based on what? What the former Biden administration required. That's gonna cause Nvidia a $5.5 billion write down right now. I mean, Trump's taking a freaking sledgehammer and wrecking everything.


Oh, And by the way, talking about mocking the United States, let me share with you these two videos right here. And there's hundreds of videos like this on TikTok, which are basically people in China saying, you're calling us peasants. Watch this. Miss events. You called Chinese people peasants. Let me tell you what that word means to us. In China, a pageant is someone who works the NAND with their hands, face a family through hard work and lives with values like honesty, loyalty, and kindness. Maybe we didn't have a chance to go to top schools, but don't confuse neck opportunity with lack of intelligence because when we do get the chance, we become the ones building your AI chips in Silicon Valley, leading global tech companies and pushing the edge of elevation where you are busy leaving us.


We are busy building high speed trains, world leading 5G networks and space programs that make headlines around the world. You used an outdated world with an outdated mindset to describe a country you clearly don't understand. And here's the twist, the pageants you mock, they are also one of your biggest creditors. China holds a big chunk of US debt. So yeah, the patents you took down too, you actually owe them. So the next time before you speak, ask yourself this, what kind of need marks people for being hardworking and honest?


Isn't that more of a reflection on you than on them? In our culture, patent means roots. The strong roots that hold up nation reaching for the stars, And then this one's gone crazy viral as well of someone saying, in China, we call Trump the master builder. Trump the builder because you are now building China and the world now wants to do deals with China. We can never do this before. But Donald, you did this, so thank you Donald. You really are a builder. You're making China great. That's what they're saying in China right now. Here Play this clip. Chinese People actually have a nickname for Donald Trump. We call him transient go Soran obviously is related to Trump.


It's a similar sound. And J go is a very patriotic name for Chinese people, it literally means build a nation. So Trump has always been using China as the the evil one to unite his following, using China as a smokescreen to cover up what he actually is doing. But from Chinese people or Chinese government's perspective, what Trump Donald Trump is doing is uniting China, is making China looking really good on a international stage. And China didn't even have to invent anything because Donald Trump already did what they can never imagine, like it's beyond their wildest dream.


So yeah, to Chinese people, that's a very patriotic behavior. So we gave him the name transient. Well, that's what the world thinks about us now. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers, and thank you so much for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store at Midas Touch dot com.