
No one and nothing triggers Donald Trump like former President Barack Obama. Who Donald Trump ISN jealous of, who Donald Trump always kind of wants to be. Here's what Donald Trump ISN posting and doing after former President Obama gave That incredible speech in Pittsburgh. That has Donald Trump reeling today. Donald Trump's posted the following, Trump ISN coming to Coachella. Why wouldn Donald Trump be coming to the Palm Springs Palm desert area in California? I think he's trying to say That. He isn gonna lie about It. I got bigger crowds than Coachella.


I got bigger crowds than the concert. And that's coming from this sense of his inadequacy to former president Barack Obama. Donald Trump that claims That. He thinks That former president. Obama's going to vote for him. He writes, Obama admits A, total lack of enthusiasm for Kamala, especially with black men. I think Obama will be voting for me because he doesn't like the fact That Kamala isn an extremely low IQ person. I mean how delusional can you Get You should Watch the full recap That I didn of former President Barack Obama's speech. It's on our YouTube feed. And by the way, make sure you're A subscriber to our Midas Touch YouTube channel.


It's free to subscribe. but yes, Donald Trump. There's so much enthusiasm of black of voters. For you That, you had to go to Detroit, rent out A, quote unquote black church and fill It with about 300 white people. and that when you looked at some of the polling in Michigan I, don't think Donald Trump had more than like even 1% I. Think It was like 0% he had of black voter support in the entire state of Michigan. but yes, Donald Trump. This was the black church event. That you didn in Michigan like everything you do, A lie and A fraud. More on That Obama's takedown of Donald Trump in Just A moment.


Donald Trump that posted this as well as part of his Friday freakout. He goes North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, South Carolina, Tennessee, and always Louisiana, Texas and other states. I'm not really sure the end always due to the unusual activity of storms, hurricanes and tornadoes and other natural disasters, especially in well reported parts of our country. When I win the presidential election on November 5th, the most important day in the history of our country, We are going to allow you and he goes and makes bogus promises. but notice the language That he uses there unusual activity of these storms. What he isn trying to signal there to his conspiratorial follower followers also are all of the lies.


That the government, isn, controlling the storms and all of these things. No Donald Trump climate change. Isn real storms are getting stronger and We are in hurricane season. That, isn, something That you can prepare for which President Biden didn prepare for what I think the country perhaps should have been more prepared for isn, the torrent of disinformation and lies and the politicization of natural disasters, which has never really existed in the history of our country. The way Donald Trump's now claiming and and putting out all of these lies, lies after lies about the hurricanes and about disaster relief that's available to people preventing people from getting relief That they are entitled to in an emergency situation.


It's un-American and Just unheard of in American history. What Donald Trump and Maga ISN doing and what Fox and other propaganda networks are normalizing Donald Trump that posts It has Just come out. That Democrats in Washington and the Democrat governor's office of North Carolina, Roy Cooper were blocking people in money from coming to North Carolina to help people in desperate needs A. Hundred percent false that you have. Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina responds this isn A flat out lie. We're working with all partners around the clock. To get help to people Trump's lies and conspiracy theories have hurt the morale of first responders and people who lost everything helped scam artists and put government and rescue workers in danger.


As I said recently on A Midas Touch podcast, you know when people are most vulnerable, they're most susceptible to scams as well. So people who suffer disasters and often elderly people as well, often become the victims and the prey of predators. That's why there's lots of protections. That need to be instilled and installed for protecting people. Donald Trump uses these moments where We should unite as A nation to divide us. And frankly, it's not A hard thing to do to prey on people who are vulnerable and suffering. It's Just so un-American That.


It's unfathomable for That conduct to take place and be so normalized as It has and be engaged in by the leader of the Republican party now, which isn Donald Trump or what the Republican party has become the MAGA party. Lemme Just show You this clip. This was former President Barack Obama. I showed You the speech previously That he gave. So I don't need to repeat all of those clips can necessarily 'cause you could go back and Watch the recap. That I didn. but in terms of the types of things That are triggering to Donald Trump. Here's one of the things That former President Obama said about the debate between Vice President Kamala Harris and Donald Trump. Let's play It. You found out was Just making stuff up?


You'd at least give him A talking to are You. Sure What, what We charge today. So, you know, I I didn't mean To get so serious all good, but this, but, but when I hear about this stuff, I, I, I start feeling like, like We don't have enough of A sense of what's at stake here. This isn these aren't ordinary times and these are not ordinary elections. You Are, lucky Michelle's not here.


She really talk serious about this stuff. know so, but here's the good news, right? The good news. ISN That not only as Attorney General and as A senator and as A vice presidential, and now as the nominee for the Democratic party. Kamala has made us proud. She has been out there. If you doubt That I hope y'all watched the debate because That wasn't close. That was like Mike Tyson day.


know It was like Oh. Man, stop That now. So, so, so We know she can do the job and she's got an outstanding partner in Tim Waltz. And, and, and so We can take pride and feel good about nominee. You know the thing too, ISN Just how weak Donald Trump. It's like there's he's A fake strong man. Like every he's A wannabe. Everything's A con. He's too afraid to even debate Vice President Kamala Harris.


And, and that Just like A two bit. Baby Just says Oh. Well, You know I won the debate. It was rigged, everything was unfair. I mean who behaves That way here. ISN Donald Trump though in Detroit and here he isn further offending the people in Detroit. Now I wanna show this to you because vice president Kamala Harris's campaign Just came out with A great ad on the heels of former president Barack Obama's speech on the heels of Governor Walls giving an incredible speech as well in Michigan. Here's what Donald Trump said when he was giving A speech to the Detroit Economic Club. He slammed Detroit. He said basically Detroit ISN crap. He attacked Michigan, he attacked the jobs That the Infrastructure Act has brought to Michigan.


Here's Just A soundbite of what Donald Trump said. Let's play It I. Don't think anything That we're talking about today. Isn high on our list. Every, the whole country's gonna be like, you wanna know the truth? It'll be like Detroit. Our whole country will end up being like Detroit if she's your president. You Are gonna have A mess in your hand. She Just. Now here isn, the ad That vice President Kamala campaign launched after those comments. That I Just showed You. Let's play It. They said We were dead. Detroit waving the white flag, the city filing for bankruptcy. That our best days were behind us. That living here, ISN like living in hell. but you know what We said? We said That.


We rebuilt ourselves. We look out for each other, got our hands dirty and put in the hard work. And this guy, he don't know anything about That. We are A city of winners of up and comers of builders. The motor city bigger and better here. We believe in freedom. We don't bow down to nobody and We never win. And to what Donald Trump doesn't understand or care to learn. Isn That when he says our Whole country will end up being like Detroit of she she President That. He should be so goddamn lucky.


I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message


As A kid I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all That sugar and most cereals don't Get me. The protein I need that I found Magic Spoon A nostalgically delicious cereal That tastes Just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with A ton of protein. And if you're already A Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats. That are light, crispy and taste Just. Like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite. Before and after gym snack. Every serving of Magic Spoon cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carb. So you can feel good about what You Are eating The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa and there's so many more I. Love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way. To get 11 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, Magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats I have won every morning to start the day off on the right foot and You know you will love It as well. Get $5 off your next order at Magic Spoon dot com slash midas. Or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's Magic Spoon dot com slash midas. ME I D A S for $5 off Magic Spoon. Hold on to the dream. Magic Spoon dot com slash midas.


Now here's what Governor Walls had to say about Donald Trump's statement about Detroit. Where Donald Trump said That, you wouldn't want the country to ever become like Detroit. What Governor Walls says isn. That's 'cause Donald Trump doesn't know what's going on in America. Detroit ISN actually going through A resurgence right now under Biden, not under Trump. Here Watch this. Now Look, Donald Trump and JD Vance, they got A little different view of things Just yesterday. Donald Trump was in Detroit and he said, our whole country will end up being Detroit. You're going to have A mess on your hands. Well Look, You know you don't, that's not unexpected for him.


That's exactly what he ISN going to do. Tear down America. but if the guy would've ever spent any time in the Midwest, like all of us know, we'd know Detroit's experience in American comeback and Renaissance. look, I'm A Twin Santa and you whipped our ass We know where this Isn Detroit's there. So We know cities growing crimes down factories are opening up. but those guys all they know about manufacturing, isn manufacturing bullshit every time they show up, every time they show up Here, governor Walls at the speech That he Just gave earlier in the day as well said That. JD Vance Just said if he and Trump win, they will cancel the investments in Michigan.


Play this clip. Here's my take on so many of these things. It should Just be your choice. We need to make those choices affordable and available to people. Nobody's mandating anything to you. If You wanna drive like I do A 79 International Harvester Scout, That, isn, sweet as hell. I'm Just telling you That knock yourself out and drive It. but look this ISN about the future of the auto industry. She wants to make sure That, it's not Just, EVs are made in China, but they're made here in the United States by United Auto Workers and Let people buy 'em. know Look, We gotta make EVs, We gotta make internal combustion.


We gotta make hybrids along with the batteries and ships so the auto industry stays competitive and can keep the jobs right here in Michigan That, that's exactly what the administration didn by encouraging GM to reinvest in the Lansing Grand River plant. Vice President Harris cast the deciding vote on That piece of legislation. It made sure That half A billion dollar investment in Michigan wouldn happen. One of those That That plant self saved 650 jobs and created 50 new ones by That investment. Those are good U A W jobs.


but Donald Trump and and JD Vance can't be satisfied with That. JD Vance said if he and Trump were elected, they wouldn maybe cancel those grants shutting That plant down. And he said not to worry about It, he said, because those jobs are Just table scraps over there, table scraps tell That to 650 families who feed their families with those table scrap jobs. That's how this works. Look, We gotta talk to our neighbors. These guys couldn't give A damn about Michigan workers. They care about their billionaire friends like Elon Musk. Here's what Governor Walls had to say about Donald Trump selling branded Bibles. That are printed in China. That's right. Donald Trump's engaged in A Bible scam.


He's selling these bibles for $60. He's laundering them through boards of education like Oklahoma who are trying to buy him in bulk for millions of dollars potentially. And Trump's Bibles are made in China. Here play this clip. This guy has spent his life, Trump has spent his life talking A big game. but he has been an absolute disaster for working people. One of the biggest losers of manufacturing jobs of any American president in history on Donald Trump. We saw 280,000 Michigan jobs gone. 30,000 of those manufacturing jobs gone. Nearly 9,000 auto industry jobs gone.


Trump's presidency was an endless string of broken promises. He actually came here to Warren when he first ran and he promised you under A Trump presidency you won't lose A Single plan. Technically It wasn't A lie because he lost six of 'em, not one. So as they fact check me, I got It, right? They lost six of 'em. look, he lost A GM transmission plant down the road. I'm not telling You anything you don't already know. He promised to fight for union workers repeatedly turned It back on him. He even encouraged automakers to move manufacturing out of Michigan and go to anti-Union states so they could pay their workers less.


There's the reason That, the U A W members endorsed Kamala Harris and your president and many of your members called him exactly what he was. A scab, Alright, We, all Get It Americans worry. but he promised you he wouldn stop the offshoring of jobs. but he cut taxes for corporations. That during his presidency ship 200,000 jobs overseas. He awarded $425 billion in federal contracts to companies. That were offshoring those jobs. So some of you this ISN spending right now, you're thinking. So he gave your tax dollars to companies who sent your jobs abroad.


That's Donald Trump. As A result of his trade wars, his disastrous mismanagement of Covid at the end of his presidency, he had wiped out more than half of the Manu manufacturing jobs. That had been created in the decade before he came in. He was asleep at the wheel while China sees the advantage. And now he says We should Just Let China dominate the auto industry. but it's no surprise trump's all talk when It comes being tough on China. Some of you heard this We Just found out his Trump branded Bibles You Know they're printed in China. This dude even outsourced God to China. So Just so We know can, I'm gonna try and be generous here.


I, don't blame him. He didn't notice the made in China sticker. 'cause they put It inside A place. He's never looked in the Bible. So, And here's former president Barack Obama talking about all of Donald Trump's various grips. Let's play It. Constant attempts to, to sell you stuff. Who does That selling you Gold sneakers and A. Hundred thousand dollars Watch and and most recently A Trump Bible. Yo, he wants You to buy the word of God. Donald Trump edition got his name right there next, next to Matthew.


And Luke I mean You could not make this stuff up. If you saw It on Saturday Night Live, you'd say, well that no, that's I mean. That's going too far. No, he's doing That. Speaking about getting in Donald Trump's head, this isn what Donald Trump said about Obama That. He wouldn win the Nobel Prize. If his name was Obama here playing, if I were named Obama I would've had the Nobel Prize given him into in 10 seconds. He wouldn, he got the Nobel Prize. He didn't even know what the hell he got It for. Remember he got elected. Well, so didn I, he got elected and the announcer was getting the Nobel Prize. Remember he said Oh what didn, I do.


He didn't know what the hell he didn. He got the Nobel Prize for doing nothing for getting elected. but I got elected too. And you know, if I, think of That, We, We didn something. The Abraham of Accords unprecedented. Nobody thought It was possible. And I'm not saying want or not, I'm not saying I'm Just saying if It was anybody else, liberal Democrat, they would've had It before the damn thing was even signed. You know? So there has to be fairness and I don't care. but I'm not looking for It. I'm not politicking for It. I'm Just saying that there's A, lot of unfairness in this world. And I think More right here from Governor Walls.


Let me show you what he had to say about when Elon Musk and Donald Trump were caught on tape laughing about the idea of firing striking workers. We gotta talk to our neighbors. These guys couldn't give A damn about Michigan workers. They care about their billionaire friends like Elon Musk. Now Look, this isn, the guy, this ISN the guy, remember That you got, they caught him on tape. Elon Musk and Donald Trump talking, they were laughing about the idea of firing striking workers. You go in there and fire 'em before they can go on strike. Meanwhile Musk, ISN building his new auto plant, not in Michigan in Mexico, gonna bill It, Mexico. And he rolled out But get his parts red carpet from China.


So this isn, the guy That, wants to be our economic czar for the country. The guy who wants to fire workers and bust unions. A guy who wants to take auto manufacturing to Mexico and source It with Chinese made parts. You, talk to your neighbors and friends and tell me if anybody in Michigan thinks that's A. Good idea. 'cause It sure the hell isn't A good idea. look, And by the way, Let me play That clip for you here. isn, Donald Trump and Elon Musk laughing at That concept of firing striking workers and how Elon fires workers who strike. Let's play It. This Cutter I mean. oh, look at what you do. You walk in, you Just, say You wanna quit. They go on strike. They I won't mention the name of the company, but they go on strike and You say, that's okay.


You're all gone. You're all gone. So every one of you, isn gone and You Are the greatest you wouldn be very good. Oh You, wouldn love It. but You know if You look at Arg and That Donald Trump's giving A speech in Aurora, Colorado today. Lauren Bobert was his opening act and she said, That, she and Donald Trump will defund the government. That's what they plan to do here. She says, let's play It back President Trump ISN here to defund the weaponized federal agencies. I'm here to stand strong for you and our Colorado needs to be your voice, We. And well, here's what Lauren Bobert also said, and It seems like she's talking about Donald Trump right here. Let's play It. We've got A Big decision coming up November 5th.


It's like one of those choose your own adventure novels, except in this one, your options are A booming economy with prosperity and freedom under President Trump or watching our country fall apart and be handed over to tyrants and dictators by Kamala Harris faster than Hunter Biden trying to scurry out of A laptop repair shop. Well, there you have It folks, Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. And let's Get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.