
The Trump campaign is in panic mode. At the final stretch of this election, following the disastrous event in Madison Square Garden, the hate rally seen around the world, but particularly by undecided voters, the Trump campaign, putting out a number of conflicting messages. They have some surrogates who are out there saying, look, Donald Trump's an alpha, and this is what Alphas do. How pathetic can you get? You have other Trump surrogates like his chief spokesperson, Caroline Levitt, saying, look, the audience seemed to be okay with it. Yeah, that's the point. It was a hate rally. And America is not that audience in a hate rally.


But then you have on TikTok all of these videos going viral of Puerto Ricans and Latinos who are making these videos of themself who are out there saying, if you care about this country, you can't vote for this guy. Video after video, all going viral. I mean, there's tens of thousands of videos that are each accumulating millions of views of Puerto Ricans and other Latinos who are out there just saying, this is some horrific stuff. And people who are saying that they were undecided now saying that they will not be voting for Donald Trump. Also, you have the endorsements or support of Vice President Kam Harris by Bad Bunny, Ricky Martin, Jennifer Lopez, who have been posting Donald Trump's hate remarks.


So let me just show you what's been going on in the Trump campaign. So here's one of those surrogates, Byron Donald. He's saying that Trump is an alpha, and this is what alphas do. They behave like that. He says, play this clip. They Assume that if you stand on manhood, that you are against women. That is a lie. It's one of the great lies in politics. There's no such thing as toxic masculinity. It's about manhood. And so they recognize that Donald Trump is an alpha male. He absolutely is. No doubt about it. People like that. They follow it. They need leadership. And I will tell you this, who do you want at the table with ing Kamala Harris or Donald Trump? Bad question. Bad question. How pathetic can you be? That's not how alphas behave.


I mean, I just want you to think about this. And I just recently interviewed someone who was like, look, if you were insulted like this to your face, wouldn't you stand up to somebody like Donald Trump? Like he's insulting you, your ancestors and your family over and over again, calling Puerto Rico a garbage can. Donald Trump says, America's the garbage can of the world. Donald Trump saying that he's gonna have bloody mass deportation exercises. Anyway, here this morning is Donald Trump spokesperson Caroline Levitt, and she says the crowd didn't even mind. The crowd was okay with, with what that killed Tony person was saying about Puerto Rico.


Trump Surrogate was saying about Puerto Rico being a garbage can. And also he said that Latinos love having babies and they come inside and never leave or horrific racist things. Here's what the Trump spokesperson said. Play this clip. You Know, this morning the mainstream media has picked up on the comics comments, which were offensive, have been denounced by the campaign and everybody else. What, what went on with that? Look, it was a comedian who made a joke in poor taste. Obviously that joke does not reflect the views of President Trump or our campaign. And I think it is sad that the media will pick up on one joke that was made by a comedian rather than the truths that were shared by the phenomenal list of speakers that we had.


We had congressmen and women, we had Senator JD Vance, we had Dana White friends of the President, Dan Scavino, my colleague and friend who shared very intimate moments with President Trump when they were in the hospital in Butler, Pennsylvania, really showing the truth about President Trump and his heart of gold and the crowd, they didn't mind, right? Again, it was a diverse group of people. The joke fell flat, but the crowd was there because they know who President Trump is, and they know he wants to be a president for all Americans. So Caroline, let's talk. What is Donald Trump doing? Donald Trump is posting. He has Rupert Murdoch run the story MAGA Square Garden, and then Donald Trump reposted it. Donald Trump embraces the Madison Square Garden hate rally because that's who Donald Trump is.


Same racist, anti-American energy. Here's what we put up. Here's a video that we showed you that what that killed Tony Guy was saying at the event. It's the same thing Trump's been saying. That's why when the Trump campaign vets what's going to be said at these events, there's nothing that the guy said that's different than what Trump's been saying it all of the time that we've been covering it here, here play this video that we made. But There's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah, I think it's called Puerto Rico. We're the garbage can for the world. We are. We're a garbage can. We're like a garbage can. And they dump their criminals, their people with tremendous mental problems from insane asylums, from mental institutions, their drug dealers, their gang members.


I I, I think one of the reasons Trump campaign is also in panic mode right now as well. And you can see it in the tactics that they, that that they've been deploying and how MAGA is reacting, which I'll get to in just a moment though. I mean, I want you to take a look at some of the early voting data of how people have voted. One of the things that we know is that the early voting sample population is more Republican than it was in 2020. That's undisputed right now. They're voting earlier. People who voted on election day 'cause they were told not to vote early by Trump in 2020.


Republicans, by and large, are voting larger, early, and then there in some states like Florida, there's a lot more Republicans voting early than even Democrats. But even when you look in Florida, for example, more people say they're voting for vice President Kamala Harris than Donald Trump, even in when they're polled, even though more Republicans as a raw number are out there voting than Democrats. And we're seeing this across the country, though the Marist did a poll where they said amongst the early voters, they have Harris up by about 11 or 12 in Arizona, North Carolina, Georgia up nine.


Even though in those states, they're more Republican voters than Democratic voters. But that result is even more stark in other polls. So like in the New York Times poll of people who have already voted, despite the fact that Republicans, Democrats about equal more Republicans in some states than Democrats Harris up 59% to 40% in the New York Times poll and the A BC Ipsos poll, basically those same numbers over and over again, that same proportion, and CNN finding that the, those who have cast their ballots already break 61% to Harris, 36% for Donald Trump.


So amongst the early voters, that's the data set that we already have. Now, let's talk about how Trump's reacting today. So Donald Trump posted the following. He's complaining that Michelle Obama is on his tv. It's whining. Fox News spends far too much time promoting the Democrats, their surrogates and their agenda. Today. I watched over and over again and angry and totally out of control, Michelle Obama trying to save the dying campaign of comrade Kamala Harris. I'm leading in Michigan by a lot because of great support from auto workers, Arab Americans, Jewish Americans, and all other Patriots. But Fox refuses to put up those polls because those polls don't exist.


You are not leading. And if we actually want to show you what the media is not showing, but what they should be showing, here are actual Arab American leaders meeting in Dearborn to endorse Vice President Kamala Harris. I wanna show you this clip. You probably haven't seen it on any of your corporate media, but this is what's actually happening out there. Play the clip. Throughout my 22 years in county government, it's been Democrats that we've worked with, and we cannot forget that in this election. And when people say vote, you're conscious. I say vote strategically. The people that you see around this table, here are some of the people you call when you have a challenge with government.


And it's important that we have the right leadership in place to ensure that we can make those.


Hey everyone, Brett here. You know, I've tried meal kits before, but sometimes I found they either didn't have enough options or the meals were just too complicated to put together after a long day. Luckily, I found Marley Spoon and I cannot Be happier. This podcast is sponsored by Marley Spoon. Marley. Spoon knows bland food is boring, so they created the best tasting meal kit money can buy. And with our code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, you could get up to 25 free meals with Marley Spoon. You could choose from over a hundred delicious recipes every week from Cajun spiced chicken to poached salmon, to butternut squash nochi to a vegan burrito bowl. My favorite recent meal from Marley Spoon was their grilled pesto chicken. It was absolutely mouthwatering, easy to make and healthy, and many of the recipes are completely customizable. So whether you're looking for vegetarian meals, family friendly dishes, or low carb options, Marley Spoon has the food you want to eat. They even have an in-house registered dietician who assesses every recipe taking the guesswork out of eating healthy. I just cooked a recipe from Marley Spoon last night. My wife and I loved it. There's something really rewarding about cooking food yourself and it tasting amazing, versus doing expensive, unhealthy takeout. I'm honestly saving so much money and I'm eating healthier, better food as well. Marley Spoon also saves you from making that extra grocery hall. With their online market of pantry essentials. You could shop their selection of over 125 items like seasonal produce, ready to heat options, meal shortcuts, extra proteins, and handy snacks, and easily add them to your next box. With meal planning and food shopping, taking care of making delicious food at home has finally become effortless. Plus, with Marley Spoon, you aren't locked in long term. Their flexible subscription allows you to edit, pause, or cancel your boxes anytime. So experience the most personalized meal kit today with Marley Spoon. Head to Marley Spoon dot com slash offer slash Midas and use code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S For, up to 25 free meals. That's right. Up to 25 free meals with Marley Spoon one last time. That's Marley Spoon dot com slash offer slash Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Make sure you use that promo code Midas so they know that we sent you.


Now, one of the things that Donald Trump said at the event, which also goes to show you that they don't think they are actually winning, is Donald Trump says that he has a secret with MAGA Mike Johnson, the speaker of the House to do something that they've worked out a secret deal together. Well, it's obvious what they're trying to do. They want to do a contingent elector situation under the 12th Amendment where they want to try to have the House of representative take away people's votes and they want to throw it to the house. Now, under the 12th Amendment, you can't do that unless there's no winner of the electoral college.


But Donald Trump is cooking this up. I'll do a whole video explaining that for you with MAGA Mike Johnson, because one of the things they're doing, it's in kind of plain view at this point, is trying to do another coup. Here's Donald Trump saying, and I know there's a lot of other clips that are getting attention. This one perhaps deserves the most attention, Play the clip. And I think with our little secret, we're gonna do really well with the house, right? Our little secret is having a big impact. He and I have a secret. We'll tell you what it is when the race is over. Now, what is JD Vance's closing message? Well, JD Vance is saying that he's not a gay guy. Play the clip. Okay, well, Okay. I have actually heard this. Yeah, and I, you know, I'm, I'm not a gay guy, but, right, I've heard this from gay friends of mine, man, that Dammit, we would have you wanna talk about virality?


I'll talk about going viral. Yeah, that would've made some, some headlines. Now, president Biden is voting today and he was asked a question about Donald Trump's hate rally and biden's like, this is embarrassing folks, the presidency's about character. What is going on here? Watch what President Biden has say. Can you Come and comment on former President Trump? Rally's embarrassing, just simply embarrassing. It's beneath any president. But that's what we're getting used to. That's why the selection's so important. You know, most of presidential scholars I've spoken to talk about the single most consequential thing about a president's character, character.


And there's, he puts that in question every time he opens the mouth president. Here's what vice President Kamala Harris had to say as well about Donald Trump's hate rally. Let's play this clip. I think last night. Donald Trump's event in Madison Square Garden really highlighted a point that I've been making throughout this campaign. He is focused and actually fixated on his grievances, on himself, and on dividing our country. And it is not in any way something that will strengthen the American family, the American worker.


It is nothing about what he is saying that is actually going to support the aspirations, the dreams, and the ambitions of the American people. It is absolutely something that is intended to and is fanning the fuel of trying to divide our country. And as I've said many times, I'll say tomorrow night and my speech, there's a big difference between Lee and I. If he were elected on day one, he is gonna be sitting in the Oval Office working on his enemies list on day one by elected president of the United States, which I fully intend to be. I will be working on behalf of the American people on my todo list. And then finally, one of the things that we're seeing as well is apparently some of these MAGA are setting ballot boxes on fire in certain swing areas, and that also shows you their desperation.


Here was a report earlier in the day about that, let's play It. Breaking news from the Pacific Northwest State election officials are working to determine how many ballots were destroyed overnight after two apparent arson attacks, drop-off ballot boxes were apparently targeted in Vancouver, Washington and Portland, Oregon Police found an incendiary device. That's their frame inside the Portland ballot. Dropoff Box County elections officials say fire suppressant inside the Dropbox protected nearly all the ballots, only three were damaged, but officials in Vancouver fear that hundreds of ballots could have been damaged or even destroyed. It is not clear if the two are connected, the FBI is investigating.


So folks, those are signs of panic to me. But here's the key thing. You need to make sure that you voted, please vote, please early vote too. And then you gotta, after this video, call friends, coworkers, colleagues, anybody in your life, make sure they're voting for democracy, please. And then put in the comments what it is that you've done. I really want to hear your stories. Weak, Midas mighty community. This is where we're called into action. So this is where I need your help more than I've ever needed your help before. Get people out there to vote for democracy. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. And let's get to four million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.