
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Condoms. Does everybody know what a condom is? Earlier we're gonna get you Lee Elden, head of the environment, head of Environmental, the the Environmental Group. A very lethargic looking low energy cognitively adult. Donald Trump just gave a press conference in Florida. He forgot the name of his Homeland Security secretary, Christie Nome. He then went on to accidentally throw Elon Musk under the bus. You can see that he was struggling up there. Total disaster. Let me show you first again, you'll see how kind of slow he's going right here. And he just calls Christie Nome. Christie here, Play this clip came From all over and they were allowed to come into our country and we're getting them out in record levels just like they came in in record levels.


I wanna thank Tom Holman and Christie, who was just doing, she's doing a fantastic job. Governor of South Dakota and Tom Holman, you know, and Okay. And then Donald Trump says that he put Elon Musk in charge of Doge, which directly contradicts an affidavit submitted under oath by the Trump administration to say that Elon Musk is not in charge of Doge and that Elon Musk was actually just a special advisor to Donald Trump but was not controlling Doge. Donald Trump just threw Elon Musk under the bus.


I wonder if the lawyers in that case are going to try to now call Elon Musk in to testify in court, Play this clip. I signed an order creating the Department of Government deficiency and put a man named Elon Musk in charge. Thank you Elon for doing it. Thank you very much. And he's doing a great job. Now, never normalize this. This is what Donald Trump is doing this afternoon. He made posts like this, congestion pricing is dead Manhattan and all of New York is saved long live the king. And then the White House official account reposted that with a fake time magazine cover that says Trump and has a crown on his head.


And it says, long Live the king. And this refers to the Trump administration trying to stop a New York and New York City programming to try to help with the flow of traffic into the city and to raise funds that the city of New York and the state of New York said was going successful. There was a deal made with the federal government under the Biden administration and Donald Trump ordered it unilaterally canceled that the deal should be broken. And you know, New York is not following those orders right now, but Donald Trump is saying that he's now saved New York for doing that and he's posting photographs of himself as a king with a crown on his head.


Yes folks, it is utterly deranged. And this follows Donald Trump posting this morning multiple posts and statements referring to President Zelinsky of Ukraine as a dictator and threatening Zelinsky that he better move fast or he is not going to have a country left. Donald Trump then spread other Russia propaganda as well about Ukraine stealing all of this money from the United States. I'm reminded of this quote though from Game of Thrones quote, any man who must say I am the king is no true King.


Donald Trump's post both about Ukraine and saying that he's a king to me it comes from a place of total and utter weakness. You can see the weakness and desperation in the Post. He thought that President Zelinsky of Ukraine was going to be bullied. Trump thought that Europe was going to be bullied and that they were just going to back down. And they're not. Europe is standing up, Zelinsky is standing up. So now Donald Trump is trying to further bully Zelinsky and to pursue other talking points and strategies fed to Donald Trump by Vladimir Putin, which is to say that Zelinsky needs to hold an election immediately, that he's not a legitimate leader of Ukraine.


Now let me just show you this video that Vladimir Putin released moments ago where he's basically send not basically he is speaking to Donald Trump in this video saying that Trump needs to go harder on Europe right now and apply more pressure to attack Europe and to attack Ukraine. You can can see how easily Putin is playing Donald Trump Here, here Play this clip. This was done. But honestly, I am surprised by the restraint of the newly elected president of the United States Trump regarding his allies who behaved in such, let's say rude manner. He still behaves quite politely towards them, but they do not hold bik after all.


If we talk about the Ukrainian settlement the United States is working with, its with European allies. Mr. Kellogg, as far as I know, is currently in Kaev. Right before this, he met with Europeans. Now the president of France is going to Washington. I mean, is it So completely obvious what's going on there? Meanwhile, Donald Trump announced that he will be speaking at an investment conference in Miami sponsored by the Saudi government entities. And address that comes as the Trump organization seeks to expand its real estate empire, it Saudi Arabia.


And Trump looks to strengthen his ties with the Middle East partner. Remember Saudi Arabia, I guess, purported to host that mediation. I say purported 'cause what the hell was that? If you cut Ukraine and Europe out in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia yesterday where the United States and Russia negotiated directly with each other and it seemed that they were trying to ally with each other against Europe and Ukraine. But Donald Trump is, I guess Saudi first right now, and he's trying to bolster his own business. Donald Trump has also spent the entire day to day, day-to-day golfing over and over again and making people clap for him at his golf course while he tees off.


And while all of this is happening, it should be noted that there was yet another plane crash. This one at a regional airport in Arizona. As Donald Trump was golfing, two planes crashed into each other. Two people were killed in the plane crash. And so to be clear, I think we're talking about the ninth crash now since the Trump administration took over. And as I said, one of the things they're trying to do in the Trump administration, the same way they've normalized school shootings, they want to normalize air crashes and plane crashes as well and say that just planes crash. Planes crash all the time, which is not true.


And then they lie and say planes crashed more under Biden than Trump, which again is totally false. But here's Trump's transportation secretary, Sean Duffy who got famous on the Real World Road Rules Challenge here he says, planes crash. It's just what happens here, Play this clip. But again, air crashes happen, but they were more under Biden than than Donald Trump. But the point here is we wanna get to a place where we have zero crashes. We don't want people to die in aircraft, which is why what I've done is focus on how do you upgrade the system. But will you look at what's happened? The the airspace around DCA that was allowed to stay open under the last administration, the inspections that were done at the aircraft that have crashed, that was done under the last administration.


So it is rich that they would come at this administration for the mistakes that they've made and blame us for the crashes. We're gonna fix what they refuse to fix over their the course of their four years and and that's the mission of this. This department,


As I'm sure you've been seeing lately, the Midas Touch Network has been growing a lot. And as we grow, I don't want to be in expense chaos as we have to handle invoices from reporters and freelancers. And so how do I keep track of all of our receipts and all of those things I use Ramp. Ramp is a free corporate card that automates your entire expense process. So the moment your team makes a purchase Ramp handles everything. Receipt matching, categorization approvals, the works for most companies. Finance teams spend about 80% of their time doing tactical busy work like chasing down expenses and reconciling statements. And only 20% on the high value strategic thinking Ramp flips that equation. It's a free corporate card that handles all the tedious financial operations automatically. So your finance team can focus on what actually moves the needle. Like forecasting, strategic planning and driving growth. It's easy to switch to Ramp for new members. Ramp offers complimentary white glove onboarding services to help you migrate from your current corporate card to start using Ramp Plus, you'll get a free metal car to use. It's impressive tactile upgrade. Don't wait switch to Ramp now it's like hiring a full-time employee just for expense management only. Easier over 25,000 businesses Trust Ramp, including Shopify and the Boys and Girls Club of America, which is why they were just named the number one and spend management by G two. And now for a limited time, listeners of the show can get $250. When you join Ramp, just go to Ramp dot com slash midas, that's Ramp dot com slash midas RA p.com/midas card issued by Sutton Bank. I think you'll see why Ramp has made our lives here at the Midas Touch Network. As we grow more efficient and more organized, I think you'll enjoy it. So again, check it out. It is Ramp dot com slash midas.


Meanwhile, you have the Trump official rapid response team also spewing Russian propaganda in America. We hold a presidential election every four years, even during, even during wartime, we held an election during the Civil War. We held an election during World War ii before President Zelinsky decides to lecture the Americans again. He should hold an election too, to which then Elon Musk responded, Zelinsky cannot claim to represent the will of the people of Ukraine unless he restores freedom of the press and stops canceling elections. That is quite literally verbatim, the Russian talking point that is being spewed by a co-president of the United States and the official accounts of the White House and other American accounts as well.


While all of this is going on, folks, we're learning that. And this is from our friend Greg, Sergeant over at New Republic. He's a great writer. The Trump Musk cuts just resulted in the firing of numerous top researchers at NI H's Center for combating Alzheimer's. They predict big setbacks to fight dementia. This cause was once championed by Republicans, but not anymore. President Zelinsky just wrote, thank you for your support reaching out to the world and trying to stay strong. As Dylan Williams writes, though, Trump has not even been in office for a month, and Americans are already legitimately wondering if one it is safe to fly, two, they will be able to buy eggs.


Three, we are going to invade a NATO ally. Four common prescriptions will be banned. Five, their social security payment will arrive, will it arrive or not? We're learning from the New York Times. The IRS is beginning laying off roughly 6,000 employees on Thursday. They're looking to further gut the IRS as our editor in chief Ron Phillip Kowski writes the third day in a row on the golf course while Musk runs the country. He didn't even know yesterday that the head of the Social Security Administration resigned and didn't know SpaceX employees were working at the FAA and Department of Defense. And he claimed Medicaid wasn't being cut when it's being cut massively right there.


And so this is what continues to to go on right in front of us. Now I'll show you this video right here as well. This is from Senator Thune, the Republican leader of the Senate. And Senator Thune is asked, would you call Zelinsky a dictator as Donald Trump does? And you'll see how cowardly Thune is refusing to answer the question. Play this clip. Would you call I president Zelinsky a dictator as President Trump has? Well, I, I, like I said, the president speaks for himself. What I wanna see is a, is a peaceful result, a peaceful outcome. And I think right now there there's a negotiation going on and let's see where that ultimately leads.


Hopefully it'll get get to the outcome we all wanna see Further. Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski says the following to Morgan Rimmer after Donald Trump called Zelinsky a dictator quote. I would like to see that in context because I would certainly never refer to Zelinsky as a dictator. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, the context is that Trump is Putin's bitch. Just take a look right here. Our friend Brian Tyler Cohen made this graphic right here, which shows Trump got the FAA Trump disbands, the Aviation Security Advisory Committee on January 22nd declares he has ended DEI and restored excellence in Safety and air Travel On January 23rd, plane crash in Columbia, California, January 29th.


First commercial plane crash in 16 years over Washington. DC 67 people die. January 31st, plane crash in Philadelphia. February 1st. Plane crashes in Texas. February 5th, Japan Airlines plane strikes Delta Flight on Runway in Seattle. February 5th, plane crashes in Arkansas. February 6th, air flight disappears over Alaska with 10 people on board. Later all found dead. February 10th, plane crashes in Scottsdale, Arizona. February 12th, military fighter jet crashes in San Diego Bay. February 15th, Trump fires hundreds of FAA employees. February 15th, plane crashes in Florida.


February 15th. Plane crashes in Georgia. February 16th, two planes crash in Texas February 17th. Plane departing from Minnesota Crashes in Toronto. February 19th. Plane crashes in Arizona today. We'll keep you posted with more here in the Midas Touch Network. It's your update so far. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you for watching. Can't get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N add.com Today.