
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in. Bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Superbowl 59 must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


He is unwilling to do a 60 minutes interview like every other major party candidate has done for more than half a century. That was on the campaign and former vice president Kamala Harris said Donald Trump was afraid to do an interview with 60 minutes on CBS. Donald Trump refused to sit for that interview. Kamala Harris sat for the interview. And then right before the election, Donald Trump sued CBS for $10 billion. Donald Trump judge shopped for a pro MAGA federal judge in Texas. A judge named Matthew Kame Trump filed the case there.


And then when Trump won the election, he pursued his petty grievances against CBS because he believed CBS embarrassed him by doing an interview with now former Vice President Kamala Harris and then wanting to fact check Donald Trump, Donald Trump claimed that CBS selectively edited their interview with Vice President Kamala Harris, which was and is entirely false. But Donald Trump filed the most bogus lawsuit saying that it was an unfair business practice in Texas and that's why he was judge shopping there. Well, let me tell you what Donald Trump is doing Right now. Something I believe is, in my opinion, entirely unlawful.


So let's be clear, as egg prices are shooting up higher than ever, as groceries are going higher, as gas prices are going on, as unions are being screwed, as Elon Musk is taking over, federal agencies seizing potentially government data, freezing federal employees out of their own systems, gutting key agencies forcing out the head of the FAA as we're seeing like now what plane crashes happening almost on a daily basis. Donald Trump has now ordered the FCC to open up a formal inquiry against CBS in 60 Minutes, which is owned by Paramount demanding they comply with a series of requests by the government.


So Donald Trump is in a private lawsuit against CBS in federal court in Texas. He and CBS, which is owned by Paramount ask that Trump, that pro-Trump judge in Texas to delay proceedings in Texas while settle so-called settlement talks are taking place. So Paramount is trying to sell itself to another oligarchical company for tens of billions of dollars. And they know that that requires DOJ approval of a merger or acquisition. Trump and the DOJ are likely indicating they will block that merger and also CBS and Paramount think that you know that if Donald Trump pursues investigations against them from the FCC, that will also work to stop the merger that the parent company of CBS that Paramount is trying to engage in.


So while these private settlement talks are taking place, Trump has the FCC send a letter to Paramount ordering that they turn over information about the interview with Kamala Harris that Donald Trump was afraid to do. And what we're learning from the New York Times is that CBS news is set to hand over now the transcript of the 60 Minutes interview to the FCC, which had previ, which it previously would not do. Now obviously Donald Trump has forced meta previously Facebook to settle a personal grievance lawsuit that Donald Trump filed against them for $25 million.


Purportedly 23 million is gonna go to a future library. Trump got a BC to settle for $15 million and now his latest target is CBS, but, and he's obsessing over Kamala Harris Right now. So as again, planes are crashing, okay, as America is far less safe, we all feel less safe as a result of Donald Trump. He's having the FCC pursue some that he felt humiliated by Kamala Harris. What a pathetic leak. Weak individual. But If you were following the campaign as we were reporting on this, Trump consistently said that this is what he was going to do.


October 21st, 2024, Trump says he wants unchecked power to take CBS off the air because he doesn't like 60 minutes. Play the clip. Think of it, 60 minutes CBS and they ought to lose their license and they ought to take it off the air. It's the biggest October 6th, 2024. Trump says he's going to make 60 minutes. Apologize to him for fact checking his lies. Play the clip. Ah, it's terrible. So we're waiting for an apology. They want to do it again. I I'll do it again. But they gotta ap don't you think I should make them apologize for Here was an interview we played. This was of Howard Stern and Vice President Kamala Harris, where they talked about the 60 minutes issue.


This is October 8th, 2020. Here, play this clip. You're taught, you're coming here, you're going, you went on the view this morning. Yeah. You, you're going to the shows. You, you did 60 minutes by the way. I thought what was so amazing about 60 Minutes is the fact that Trump turned it down. Yeah, I mean, it just says so much. He didn't wanna be FactCheck. This is maddening. This is insanity. What do you mean you don't wanna be FactCheck? I think that, you know, Howard, people ask me like, what do you think is going on and what, what is the tension here? What's at stake? And there are many things, and I can be much more articulate that than what I'm gonna say, but ultimately I do believe that this is a, an election that is about strength versus weakness.


Yeah. And weakness as projected by someone who puts himself in front of the American people and does not have the strength to stand in defense of their needs, their dreams, their desires, the work that must happen to make sure that we are a secure nation. That we are nurturing and protecting our alliances around the world. That we are supporting America's military, that we are fighting to bring the cost of living down for working families. That we are building businesses, building growth. And this is October 20th, 2024.


Donald Trump play the clip, but You go a step further and you say, CBS should lose its License. Why? Sure. Well, I've never seen anything like it. She gave a horrible, incompetent dancer on a news program. It's not a entertainment program. It's, they call it news. They say it's a number one news program. Now, one of the things an FCC Commissioner who is livid at the fact that the Republican, now the Republican LED FCC is pushing a formal investigation of CBS. Here's what Anna Gomez says. Let's be clear. This is a retaliatory move by the government against broadcasters whose content or coverage is perceived to be unfavorable.


It is designed to instill fear in broadcast stations and influence a network's editorial decision. This is an FCC Commissioner by the way, a whistleblower saying this is what's going on during these last two weeks. The FCC has shown a concerning pattern of implementing the will of the administration on issues that go far beyond our core responsibilities. These actions disregard longstanding norms and ignore the mandate granted by Congress to the FCC to act as an independent agency. They also set a dangerous precedent that threatens to undermine trust in the agency's role as an impartial regulator.


This latest action to weaponize our broadcast licensing authority is no different. It revives a complaint that had been previously dismissed by FCC experts due to lack of evidence and because it fell far short of the high standard needed for agency action. She goes on to say, let's be clear, this is a retaliatory move and the Communications Act clearly prohibits the commission from censoring broadcasts and the First Amendment protects journalistic decisions against government. Intimidation. We must respect the rule of law, uphold the constitution, and safeguard the public trust for broadcasters.


I'll admit it, my sleep in 2024 was awful. I'd spend most nights tossing and turning and waking up felt like a chore. I had no energy, no focus. I was struggling. That's why I'm so excited to talk to you about Beams Dream Powder, a science-backed healthy nighttime blend for sleep that's actually clinically shown to improve sleep and have you waking up refreshed. Now everything changed when I found Dream. It's clinically shown to improve sleep. And let me tell you, it works. I finally started sleeping through the night and waking up refreshed, not groggy with better sleep, my energy and focus came back. I felt like I could actually tackle my days instead of just getting through them. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess, but Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin to help you fall asleep and stay asleep and wake up refreshed. Now, as I look ahead to 2025, I'm determined to keep this momentum going. Dream is part of my nightly routine and it's made all the difference. If you're like me and struggled with sleep last year, there's no better way to start 2025 than with consistent Restful Nights Dream will help you feel your best every single day. The Ultimate Sleep Refresh for the new year. Try Beams best selling Dream Powder and Get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash midas and use code Midas at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash midas and use code Midas for up to 40% off.


Now, one of the things I believe that's happening behind the scenes is that the people who work at 60 Minutes are pissed that their oligarch bosses at Paramount that wanna sell everything to a new company are forcing their editorial hand and making them look utterly pathetic. While Paramount wants to do this settlement, kiss the ring so that they could make billions of dollars by selling to another oligarch, it's all about the money for these fools, for these pathetic oligarchs at the expense of we the people while prices go up while we get screwed. And the oligarch sit front row at the inauguration. These are the tactics of authoritarianism meets oligarchy.


This is what it looks like in Russia. Folks, we're gonna report here every day on the Midas Touch Network until they rip this microphone from my very hands. We will report fearlessly, unapologetically. And it's why I ask If you can hit subscribe, help us get to 4 million subscribers. I want to try to reach that soon. And If you can also check out Midas plus.com, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com, it would be very helpful to us and subscribe there. Thanks for watching And have a great day. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.