
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Tremfya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem via radio.com.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip.


Works wonders I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy,


Your data is like gold to hackers and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel any anytime terms apply


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days, your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam, explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and Deco.


I don't know what in particular set off Donald Trump last night, but he was in rare form. Actually I shouldn't say he was in rare form because he is often having these late night unhinged rants these days and as the news gets worse for him, they are ramping up it feels like every single day at this point. There was a new national poll yesterday that came in from Reuters Ipsos that showed vice president Kamala Harris with a six point lead over Donald Trump leading 50% to 44%. That's not all Donald Trump getting a horrifying pull for him in Florida only up by one in the state of Florida.


That is well within the margin of error and bodes very badly for Donald Trump. Meanwhile, in North Carolina, Kamala Harris up to Kamala Harris, also up to in Georgia. This is the Bullfinch poll. Meanwhile, Donald Trump's brain is completely scrambled. He can't even seem to get words right when he is at these events. He held a rally yesterday in a very tiny kind of auditorium in Savannah, Georgia where he went in front of the crowd and he told them that quote, we gave you the biggest tax hikes in the history of our country. He completely can't even speak and in this one moment he actually let out the truth because the truth is Donald Trump may have lower taxes for the wealthiest Americans with his billionaire tax bailout when he was president, like the one thing he actually was able to get accomplished, but he raised taxes on the working class people of America.


I'm gonna show you that clip in a second, but first I just wanna show you how Donald Trump is still obsessed over President Biden. You could see these photos right here of Donald Trump. He does this bit at all of his rallies where he kind of wanders around the stage and he pretends to be President Biden having trouble getting off the stage. I mean, it's just weird. It's like, dude, get over him. Okay? He's just not that into you. You're running against a new candidate. I know you're upset about it, but it's time to come back to reality. Okay? I promised you I was going to show you this clip of Donald Trump saying that he was going, that he gave us the biggest tax hikes in the history of our country. Here it is. We did so much. We gave you before the greatest, the biggest tax hikes in the history of our country and the greatest regulatory cuts in the history.


Think of it, And I guess this is a good time for me to note that Donald Trump is planning a massive tax hike on Americans perhaps the biggest in history with his blanket tariffs on all imports into the United States. I'm gonna get to this more later and I'm going to show you a very powerful ad highlighting this fact from Vice President Harris's campaign, but I wanted to mention it now. I wanna, and I wanna show you that even people like Senator Mitch McConnell are against this plan by Donald Trump. That's how you know it is that bad. Watch McConnell, McConnell McConnell, Alex, former President Trump has proposed a 200% tariff on John Deere tractors if they're made in Mexico.


Are you concerned that some of these tariff proposals by the GOP nominee could drive up cost for consumers or hurt urban exporters In Kentucky, for example? Yeah, I'm not a fan of tariffs. They raise the prices for American consumers. I'm more of a free trade kind of Republican that remembers how many jobs are created by the exports that we engage in. So I'm not a tariff fan And I think Donald Trump is longing for the days of President Biden in the race because he's so haunted by the debate against vice President Kamala Harris. He was still speaking about the debate yesterday in Savannah, Georgia.


Watch If I then refute them, Marjorie, if I say that's not true, and just give a few seconds and, and people understand that. They say he fell into a trap. Now if they say bad about me, I gotta refute it. I do it quickly, but I refute it as soon as I refute. Oh, he fell into a trap. Why would I let her say something bad about me and let it stand out there? If I don't refute it, people are gonna think it's true. These people are the worsts. These people are the worsts. Yesterday while Donald Trump was ranting and raving in Savannah, Georgia, president Biden was addressing the UN and delivered a powerful speech showing why he is a billion times the leader Donald Trump would ever be.


Biden speaking to the UN was speaking about his decision to actually seed power and allow for a new generation of leadership to take the nation forward. This was so powerful. Watch. I made the preservation of democracy the central cause of my presidency. This summer I faced a decision whether to seek a second term as president was a difficult decision. Being president has been the honor of my life. There so much more I wanna get done. As much as I love the job, I love my country more, I decided after 50 years of public service, it's time for new generation of leadership to take my nation forward.


My fellow leaders let us never forget. Some things are more important than staying in power. It's your people.


Today's Episode is brought to you by Ollie. Clean, fresh nutrition, your dog needs and five flavors. They'll absolutely flip over. Feeding your dog real whole foods with minimal processing is one of the best choices you can make for their health. A whole fresh food diet has been proven to extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who wouldn't want more time with their best friend? Ali's recipes have no harmful fillers, no preservatives, and are made in us kitchens with ingredients sourced from trusted growers and producers around the world. And because Ali's meals are gently cooked, they don't need preservatives. It's fresh real food with protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries and fresh lamb with cranberries. Ali might just have your dog eating better than you. Here's how it works. Take a 32nd quiz about your dog on Ali's website and they'll create a customized meal plan based on your dog's specific needs. Ali then sends your dog starter box with two weeks worth of meals plus a guide on how to transition them over. You could even choose from three meal plans that fit your dog's diet. And can I be real with you for a second? My dog mochi is the best. She's the sweetest, most playful, loving shihtzu in the world. She's also one of the most stubborn eaters in the world, and if the food I give her isn't up to her standards, she lets me know. So anytime I introduce something new to her, it's the ultimate test. Since I've been giving her Ali, she's been licking the bowl clean. I've been giving her the chicken dish with carrots and the lamb with cranberries and she absolutely loves it. And right now, Ali is offering an amazing deal. 60% off your first box of meals when you subscribe, just head to ali.com, tell them about your dog and use the code Midas to get 60% off your first box. That's OLLI e.com, promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. They even offer a clean bull guarantee. So if you're not satisfied, you get your money back.


Now we could go back to Trump world and we could see some of the merch that is being sold outside of these Trump events. The entire movement is just so low rent and so disgusting. Here you see a quote Trump, that bitch shirt being sold at Donald Trump's rally in Savannah, Georgia. Just absolute filth and bile and everybody who Donald Trump surrounds himself with just fits the same kind of thing. They're all more horrific than the next. Let me tell you a little bit about John MCee here. John McIntee was a former Donald Trump aid. He's a current project 2025 official and he's the co-founder of that Peter Thiel funded right wing dating app date, right stuff.


I'm sure you've seen him. He goes to like restaurants and he records these tiktoks that often go viral. Well, teenagers were telling the Wired magazine and website that John MCee, this Trump aid and project 20 20 25 official who wants to control your life, that he was sending these very explicit and gross and inappropriate messages to teenagers in dms and in other things says one of the teens quote, it was very sexual from day one. It's always hypocrisy with maga and these are the people who want to tell you how to live your lives while this guy is out here creeping on teenage girls. According to Wired, Donald Trump just keeps sending out email after email, after email, one weirder than the next Donald Trump sending emails like, are you prepared?


Request your ballot. Now. Congratulations, I just released the new one. Then he has a product that he's selling. Where should I ship this to claim a signed photo of Trump? Ben, can I honor you during my debate? Ben is of course my brother and host on the Midas Touch Network who I am filling in for right now. And Ben gets these newsletters from Donald Trump so that you don't have to. So you could see how they address it personally to the individual on the newsletter. Here's an email from JD Vance. Ben, can I honor you during my debate? I want your name displayed live another from Trump. Ben, I love my small dollar donors. You here's from Laura Trump.


$5 to out raid co out raise Kamala of true Trump Patriots President Trump announcement emergency press conference. Have I earned your vote? Team Trump quiz. What is Trump's favorite maga? And it goes on and on and on. We could look into these emails a little more. Here is the Trump quiz. What is President Trump's favorite color? MAGA hat. And then it has a few options. Red gold, white, black and has an answer poll button. You're not gonna be shocked to hear that when you hit that answer poll button. It then takes you to a screen in which you donate money to Donald Trump. Here's Donald Trump saying, Ben, I love my small dollar donors. Congratulations Mahat. Let's go into the congratulations.


I just released a brand new orange MAGA hat. This orange maga hat kinda looks like a hat that would go along with a jumpsuit. I'm just gonna throw that out there. Here is his never surrender MAGA hat that he is offering. If you give money to Donald Trump, he goes, this is what I like to call quote a great deal. Why? Because this is the hat I would've worn if they threw me in jail. This is a symbol of the MAGA movements resolve to never surrender. See, I knew there had to be a a prison theme to that hat. Meanwhile, vice President Harris is actually reaching out to like normal voters out there, former Republicans, you know, classic Republicans as we like to call them here, not whatever this crazy MAGA thing is.


Independence, you know? And the Harris campaign released this powerful new ad that was about people who have kind of never voted for Democrats but are saying, you know, the choice is simple. I'm voting for Kamala Harris. You could watch this one. Bob and I both voted for Donald Trump. I voted for him twice. I won't vote for him again. January 6th was a wake up call for me. Donald Trump divides people. We've already seen what he has to bring. He didn't do anything to help us. Kamala Harris, she cares about the American people. I think she's got the wherewithal to make a difference. I've never voted for a Democrat. Yes, We're both lifelong Republicans. The choice is very simple. I'm Voting for Kamala. I am voting for Kamala Harris And Donald Trump and his allies over at Fox are really struggling with the fact that America is actually doing quite well and the economy continues to set records including the stock market, which I will say is not necessarily representative of the economy, but is a big indicator just in general.


And it's something that Trump would always brag about. Maria Bartiromo, a huge Trump fan on Fox News, had to report on this Good news and it seemed like she was really having like pain by reporting on positive news about the Biden Harris administration and the stock market Watch. Welcome back. Take a look at futures this morning, another rally underway. The down up 67, the Nasdaq up 43 s and p 500 up seven and a quarter extending into further record territory. We're looking at last week's rate cut rally continuing the Dow in the s and p 500 closing in record territory yesterday. So that's where we begin this morning in unchartered territory.


Here's Donald Trump this week in Pennsylvania, stepping off of his plane and waving to absolutely nobody. This is something that he does and I'll just notice still no Melania anywhere to be found on the campaign trail. And then I'll finish with this vice president Kamala Harris releasing a powerful new ad about Donald Trump's project 2025 agenda and how it is a national sales tax that will raise the cost of everyday essentials, from gas to food, to clothing, to medication.


It could cost the typical family. I mean, it would cost the typical family almost $4,000 a year if they have their way. Watch this powerful new ad from Kamala Harris. What Donald Trump plans to do, what is in effect a national sales tax, a Trump tax on gas, on food, on clothing, on over the counter medication. And you know, economists have done the math. Donald Trump's plan would cost a typical family $3,900 a year. When I'm elected president, I'll fight to bring down costs for working and middle class Americans.


So I guess I could see why Donald Trump is freaking out. I mean, he's got a lot to panic about right now. But folks, this is no time to take your foot off the gas. It's all gas. No breaks until election day. Make sure that you are sharing these videos far and wide. Make sure that you are subscribed to Midas. Touch on YouTube, hit that subscribe button right now. If you haven't, hit the like button, hit the like button and leave a comment for us. Let me know how you think we're doing. Thank you so much for your support. My name is Brett MICUs here at the Midas Touch Network and I'll see you in a bit. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the, are you talking about you insane Hollywood? As so to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch, $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds, lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.