
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies. While MeUndies can't totally help your love life this Valentine's Day, they can offer you insanely comfy undies and loungewear to buy or gift. MeUndies has so many awesome Valentine's Day prints and styles. Plus you can match with your partner friends, or even your pets. This Valentine's Day give the gift that'll keep them thinking of you and score huge sitewide savings at meundies.com/spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. MeUndies comfort from the outside in.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The New year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Donald Trump is now throwing Elon Musk under the bus. Trump is also throwing Russ vote, the head of the office and management budget under the bus for the memorandum, which froze federal funding to departments and agencies, which was incredibly unpopular. Whether you were in a red state or a blue state, whether you're a Republican or a Democrat, governors throughout the country, people throughout the country were outraged. That federal funding was so abruptly cut off with a vague memo. Now, Donald Trump and the White House is basically saying they didn't even get to review the memorandum.


They said they didn't see it, that it went outside of the protocol through the Office of Management budget, which we now know is also being led not just by Russ Vote, the author of Project 2025, but also Elon Musk has stuck his lackeys to basically run and operate the Office of Management budget. They also were the ones who gave that fake severance offer to the 2 million plus federal workers, which If you actually read the fine print, seems like a total fake offer. Now, look, Trump is throwing Musk under the bus, throwing the office and management budget under the bus.


But let's reflect on what Elon Musk literally said with Donald Trump during the campaign that we tried to repeat over and over again here on the Midas Touch Network. I mean, this is a headline. Elon Musk sees Trump's economic plans causing temporary hardship, is what he said. He goes, there would be an initial severe overreaction in the economy and then hopefully sustainable growth. It's like a direct quote from Elon Musk and Donald Trump during the campaign. Or how about this headline, Musk says, Trump win would result in hardship to some Americans.


The world's richest man promises, big spending cuts. If Trump gives him a job, says people taking advantage of government are going to be upset. By the way, we've got the receipts, we've got the audio. Here was the unearthed audio of the richest man in the world and in America, Elon Musk saying that Trump's agenda will cause hardship, will inflict hardship Right away Trump was saying this. Musk was saying this. Russ vote, the author of Project 2025 who worked with them was saying this here, play the clip, have To reduce spending to live within our means.


And yeah, that that necessarily involves some, some temporary hardship, but, but it, it will ensure long-term prosperity. Now, this is from the Atlantic. I hope this title is being ironic here. The memo that shocked the White House, the directive from the Office of Management and Budget that froze most federal funds on Monday had not gone through the usual approval process. Now look, Ashley Parker is the author and Ashley, I just think that Donald Trump probably was aware of this. You think that, does it make it worse if he wasn't aware of this, that he's so grossly incompetent and negligent or he's he in intentionally or malicious, but they're saying what?


That there was a secret process, a shadow government, the deep state of Elon Musk and Russ vote in the Office of Management budget. Did Donald Trump, did your own deep state of Elon Musk do this? I mean, come on here. Look, Donald Trump intended his flood of exists with the article says his flood of executive orders to shock and awe his opponents. But on Monday night, a memo from the Office of Management and Budget instead Shock the Trump White House. That memo with its call for a temporary pause to all federal government grants and loans set off widespread panic and confusion within the federal government and among the millions of individuals and institutions reliant on federal funds.


But it was released without going through the usual White House approval process. Ashley, what? What? What are the usual White House approval processes? Is it when Donald Trump makes posts of right wing influencers named cat turd with cats wearing glasses? Is is that the standard protocol or how about when Donald Trump reposts Q Anon accounts like this one and, and others saying, let it flow. Trump sends in the military to turn on the water flow in California or, or this one, this is actually the Q anon one at Spiritual Fighter.


Watch the water and then when you actually click on it, it's someone who goes, thank you, thank you with the letter Q for Donald Trump posting this and her whole account's like where we go, we when we go all. So explain to me, Ashley, what the diligent processes and protocols are, or is it as Midas touch correspondent Mike Sacks has said, I wouldn't be surprised if the White House had trusted votes People, and I'll add on top of that, Musk's people who are now at the Office of Management and Budget as well, including O B's incoming general counsel, to have just proceeded as they saw fit carte blanche without needing the White House approval.


Because all of the appointees were supposed to be the competent ones and they were supposed to execute the project 2025 plan. We've got more receipts. We always come with receipts here on the Midas Touch Network. But let's recall then what happened. Right then you had the White House and the Office of Management budget put out another memo that purported to rescind the prior memo, which stopped all of the funding and says we hereby rescind it. Meanwhile, the various state attorney generals had been filing lawsuits throughout the country and in a Rhode Island federal court and in the Rhode Island federal court, they were saying, well, one of the things that Trump's lawyers were saying is, look, we rescinded it.


We rescinded it. But then Trump's press secretary, Caroline Levitt said, this is not a rescission of the federal funding freeze. It's simply a rescission of the OMB memo. Why to end any confusion created by the court's injunction, the president's Executive R order on federal funding remain in full force and effect and will be rigorously implemented. So you're saying it's not a rescission on the federal funding freeze, which is the OMB memo. But then you say what's really happening is it's a rescission of the OMB memo, but not the federal funding freeze in the memo.


I just think that Caroline Levitt doesn't know what the memo is. Donald Trump may know what, what may not know what the memo is. They're getting a lot of grief from right-wing governors, Republican governors, former Trump voters who are saying, what the heck is going on? Well, the federal judge, federal judge, judge McConnell was saying, I wasn't sure how I was gonna rule because if the order was rescinded then it would be moot. I wouldn't need to issue injunctive relief. But because Trump's own press secretary, Caroline Levitt says, it's not a rescission of the freeze. I'm going to order an injunction Trump, you lose.


And Trump was a loser in court. The freeze is blocked by the federal judge in Rhode Island. Judge McConnell Trump was a loser. People are pissed. Republican governors are pissed, people are pissed. So what's Trump doing? Must have gone through some other process in channel. Was was Russ vote the one involved? Well, let's check in on Russ's vote before doing that. Let's check in on Donald because Donald, you were asked, can you take a quick question on government funding on the freeze that has scared people to death, that has ruined people's lives, that has turned the country into chaos in the worst week and a half in presidential history.


You want to tell us about that? Trump goes, yeah, I don't think it's appropriate timing. I don't want to talk about it. Play the clip. Thank you, Mr. President. Government funding. Can you take a quick question on government funding to pause? I don't think this is appropriate. Really. I respect that, but I don't think it's appropriate. I can just tell Your government is doing very well and we're cutting way back, but this is not the appropriate. But what does Donald Trump want to talk about? WMD weapon of mass distraction. Of course he wants to say, oh, we discovered that Biden was trying to do $50 million in condoms to Hamas.


Did you know that he was doing, and Hamas, they were using the condoms to make bombs. Hamas condom bombs because of Biden, WMD weapon, A mass distraction. None of that's true. There weren't even condoms sent to Gaza. The the whole thing has made, every aspect of it is false. False. There's, there's, there's nothing true about it. The whole thing is false, but this is what they do. They wanna distract you because they are losing, they are harming the country and prices are going up not down. And none of the things they said were gonna happen are happening. But here play this clip. In that process we identified and stopped $50 million being sent to Gaza to buy condoms for Hamas 50 million.


And you know what's happened to them? They've used them as a method of making bombs. How about


that? Okay, real talk. Does anyone else feel like diet culture is just too much one day it's carbs are evil. The next, it's eat only protein and somehow they all claim to be the magic solution. I just want to eat in a way that feels good and makes sense for my life. And that's why I'm excited to partner with Faye because they actually make this whole nutrition thing. It makes sense. Could your relationship with food use an upgrade? Faye is a revolutionary platform that connects you with your own personal registered dietician, making expert nutrition guidance, accessible and affordable. So whether you're looking for help losing weight, improving your general health or managing a health condition, Faye has a dietician that's right for you. And the best part, all dieticians on Faye except insurance, With over 700 plus insurance plans accepted. So you'll likely pay $0 out of pocket. I tried Faye last week and it was the best. I got a quick appointment with a dietician right near me, by the way, and my insurance covered the entire thing. Are you tired of one size fits all nutrition advice while Fay dieticians work one-on-one with you to create a plan based on clinically proven methods so you build lasting positive benefits and it works. 93% of Faye clients report an improved relationship with food and 85% reach their target weight. And meeting with a dietician is so simple. Dieticians of Faye offer both virtual and in-person sessions so you could customize your experience to whatever is most convenient for you. I'm so proud to have Faye as a sponsor because I think this will really improve people's lives. Achieve lasting results with the help of a registered dietician through Faye. Listeners of Midas Touch can qualify to see a registered dietician for as little as $0 by visiting Fay Nutrition dot com slash midas. That's Fay Nutrition dot com slash midas one last time. That's Fay Nutrition, FAY nutrition.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And make sure you use that ur l so they know that I sent you,


ah, So finally, let me show you Russ's vote so we all are on the same page. This Ru Russ vote said that they're ready to go. They were gonna implement this stuff. This isn't a shock. So Trump can try to throw Musk and vote and others under the bus and say, I didn't know about this. You did, you did play the clip. Okay. But, but all of it will be designed for a theory of the case that president if, if, if a battle plan is out there that will do what he wants, there are people like me that have his trust that will will be able to get it to him in whatever position we're at. Or I could be at Center for New America, but the relationships will be there, the trust level will be there.


And are you gonna like rebrand that second phase For what I do? Yeah, the brand's not important and You're not worried that if it has project 2025 on, he's gonna go like, no. And you are not gonna publish those. No, no. They go straight to, yeah, they very, very close. All. Okay. Brilliant, Brilliant. Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Check out midas plus.com If you can. I think you'll enjoy it. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. Subscribe. You could even subscribe to it for free. We'd love for you to become a member, help grow this independent media platform. We have zero outside investors, but subscribe for free.


Thanks for watching. We got this. You got this? Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.