
Donald Trump is having a very, very bad Thursday, this publicity stunt where he dressed up like a garbage man and went into a garbage truck as his campaign continues to call Puerto Ricans garbage. Yeah, that kind of backfired on you, Donald. Also, Donald Trump being unable to even open up the truck door. A disastrous PR stunt. But here's what Donald Trump is posting right now as well, which shows you the campaign is already in kind of coverup. Lie. Redo 2020. Watch this.


What he's posting. He just, this is a new post. We caught them cheating big in Pennsylvania. Must announce and prosecute. Now, exclamation point. This is a criminal violation of the law. Stop voter fraud. Check out Kamala's new Sleazebag lawyer. We are on them all this time. Who would have ever thought that our country is so corrupt? Question mark. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes this dude's psychosis is so exhausting. His enablers who know better are just as bad. So we talked about Donald Trump continuing to lie about Pennsylvania. He is increasing as he doesn't like the data that's coming out of swing states.


I'll get there in just a moment. Then Donald Trump writes, lion Kamala is giving a news conference now saying that I want to end the Affordable Care Act. I never mentioned doing that, never even thought about such a thing. Pause. That's literally what you spent your entire presidency trying to do. We're going to repeal and o replace Obamacare. You were asked about that during the debate recently. We all remember, and you said, yep. You have concepts of a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, which is quite literally keeping tens of millions of Americans alive with your concepts of a plan. We all remember the moment where John McCain stopped you from killing the Affordable Care Act.


Remember the moment where McCain put his thumb down and voted against repealing the Affordable Care Act? Well, if John McCain, the late great John McCain didn't do that, you would have lost your healthcare 'cause that was Donald Trump's plan. So now what You're acting like, you're a champion of the Affordable Care Act with your concepts. Donald Trump then goes, she also said that I want to end Social Security. You know who says that? Independent experts as well. On Fox says that Social security will be ended terminated. You will run out of money in six years. If Donald Trump is in office, then Donald Trump goes, likewise, never mentioned it or thought of it.


We've played montages of you saying that over and over again. And Elon Musk recently has come out with statements. We're cutting $2 trillion. He says, and the Americans are gonna face hardship. He says, the you and your billionaire friends, average Americans will face significant hardships, but don't you worry it'll get better in the long run. That's your closing freaking message. And Donald Trump goes, she's the one who owns the wine. Wine whine. You wanna see other Republicans panicking right now? How about the leader of Donald Trump's? Get out the vote. Charlie Kirk, who goes early vote has been disproportionately female. If men stay at home, Kamala is president.


It's that simple. If you want a vision of the future, if you don't vote, imagine Kamala's voice cackling forever. Men need to go out and vote. Now, when you look at the gender differences in the early vote, Pennsylvania women plus 13 Michigan women, plus 12 Wisconsin women, plus eight Georgia women, plus 12 North Carolina women, plus 11 Arizona women plus four Nevada men plus one also, when you take a look at the early voting thus far, and how people who have actually voted early are voting, all the polls here are remarkably consistent. Harris up in a, B, C 62 to 33.


Harris up in CNN 61 2 36 Harris up in New York, times 58 to 40 Harris up in the Harris Forbes poll 61 to 32 different Harris, USA today, Suffolk Harris up 63 to 34. Marris. She's up 11 or 12. So what's Donald Trump doing? Well, some of his top surrogates, you know where they're running to do? They're running to the strip club. Yep. You heard that right. Amber Rose, Rochelle Ryan, Amber Rose was one of the keynote speakers at the Republican National Convention. They're doing a we F Trump strip show at the Peppermint Hippo.


Las Vegas Presents event, a strip club in Vegas. That's where Donald Trump will be campaigning, or his surrogates will be campaigning for him. We F Trump campaign you. Yes, you have authoritarians Victor Orban saying that he hopes Donald Trump will win in making posts about it. Other Donald Trump surrogates are calling for repealing the 19th Amendment, taking away women's right to vote. Nick Fuentes. Women are willing to destroy the economy, open the borders, plunge the world into nuclear war as long as they get to have their abortions sick and cruel.


Repeal the 19th. See what Donald Trump's top surrogates are out there saying, what's Donald Trump saying? Well, Donald Trump gave a speech where he said, I'm going to protect women. Whether you like it or not, I'm going to protect you. This is from the Harris campaign. This is what they showed Donald Trump said. And then they have it next to what that really means. Here, play this clip. They Said, sir, I just think it's inappropriate For you to say. I said, well, I'm gonna do it whether the women like it or not, I'm gonna do it whether the women like it or not, whether the women like it or not, whether the women like it or not, whether the women like it or Not, whether the women like it or not.


I'm gonna do it whether the women like it or not.


All right, breaking news. My latest meal from Cook Unity, these Korean brisket tacos that I got was so good. I feel like I need to shout it from the rooftops. Cook Unity is the number one meal delivery service in the USA. And once you try it, you'll understand why. It's like having a personal chef handpick the best local ingredients and deliver them straight to your door. Cook Unity is the first ever marketplace where everyday folks can discover and celebrate the best food the world has to offer. With award-winning chefs, local farm, fresh ingredients and vibrant flavors, Cook Unity delivers culinary excellence directly to your home. I've been using Cook Unity for a little while now, and I'm always excited for every single meal. Recently I ordered a meal from Chef Dustin Taylor, who's an absolute rock star in the kitchen, by the way. I went for his urban roasted garlic surf and turf, and the flavor combination was out of this world, fresh ingredients, perfectly cooked and packed with flavor. It felt like a restaurant quality meal, but at home. And the best part, no prep, no mess, just heat it up and enjoy. In minutes, Cook Unity stands out from the other meal services because it's not just convenient, it's delicious. The quality of the ingredients, the creativity of the chefs, and the fact that I'm supporting local talent, make it feel like a truly elevated dining experience. Plus the meals are fresh, never frozen and made with seasonal organic ingredients whenever possible. You've got all star chefs like Food Network favorites and James Beard Award winners crafting these meals. So you know you're getting top-notch food. The variety is incredible too. Whether you're craving something light or hearty, there's always something new and exciting to try. Eating well is easy with Cook Unity. Affordable food crafted by award-winning chefs delivered right to your door. Go to Cook Unity dot com slash midas or enter code Midas before checkout for 50% OFF your first week. That's 50% OFF your first week by using Code Midas. That's M-E-I-D-A-S or going to Cook Unity dot com slash midas.


Okay. Now, with respect to what the Trump campaign is messaging as well, I don't know, why would people think that you want to repeal the Affordable Care Act? Obamacare? I don't know. Maybe because maga, Mike Johnson, when he was in Pennsylvania campaigning for you, said that you and he have plans to do that. Stop gaslighting us. maga Mike Johnson said it. Want me to Play the clip? Play the clip. There's A lot of talk. I mean, healthcare reform's gonna be a big part of the agenda when I say we're gonna have a very aggressive verse hundred days agenda. We got a lot of things though on the table. But healthcare, it's the secret. That's part, it's the secrets. It's the secret. Healthcare reforms. Not a secret. There's some, there's some really important ideas on the table.


And we have a, a docs cau physicians who serve in the house and they've got a menu of options about this thick. And I think this is part of it because if you take government bureaucrats out of the healthcare equation and you have doctor patient relationship, it's better for everybody. More efficient, more effective. That's the free market. Trump's gonna be for the free market. You heard a little sample of that last night. We wanna take a blow torch to the regulatory state. Okay? I mean, these agencies killing our weaponized against the people. And it's, it's, it's crushing the free market. It's like a boot on the neck of job creators and entrepreneurs and risk takers. And so healthcare is one of the sectors, but we need this across the board. And Trump's gonna go big. I mean, he's only gonna have one more term, right? Can't run for reelection, right? And so he's gonna be thinking about legacy and we're gonna, we're gonna fix these things.


No, no. Obamacare, no Obama. I've heard of it. Yeah. The ACA is so deeply ingrained. We need massive reform to make this work. And we got a lot of ideas on how to do that. While all of this is going on, this is the Wall Street Journal headline, the audacity, right? They wanna attack Biden and Harris for everything. But take a look at the headline from today, the Wall Street Journal. The next president inherits a Remarkable Economy. The high quality of recent economic growth should put a wind at the back of the White House's next occupant. As Patrick Dylan says, what if, hear me out here. The current president created a remarkable economy when Donald Trump crushed it.


How? How about that? It's the strangest thing about all the media coverage right now, that the economy is doing remarkably well. Doesn't mean it's perfect for everybody, but by every objective metric, it is an a plus right now by all. But the objective metrics we would always judge. That doesn't mean that that everything's happening for, there's a lot that needs to, I'm with you, but let's be clear. Financial times headline, US consumers keep Economy on course as election looms. While all of that's going on, you've got Donald Trump Trick or Treat Trick or Treat Drudge Report right there. Here. Donald Trump couldn't even get into the truck that he was getting into.


And again, I think clear signs, in my opinion, looks like he's had many strokes before. Looks like he has real brain issues here. Play this clip. And then here Donald Trump talks about while, while dressed up as a garbage man, he doesn't shoot down the statements that his campaign surrogates made calling Puerto Ricans trash. He just goes, I didn't hear it. I don't, I don't know who it is. I don't know who it is. Play, the clip Comedian show.


What do I what? What did you think about the comedian show? I don't know anything about the comedian. I don't know who he is. I've never seen him. I heard he made a statement, but it was just a statement that he made. He's a comedian. What can I tell you? I know nothing about him. I don't know why he's there. You put comedians up and I guess he went on earlier the show. I don't know who he is. Did you campaign With you? By the way, here's Donald Trump. When he, he was in office saying that they wanna terminate Obamacare. Let's play. But what we are doing is we want to terminate healthcare for under Obamacare 'cause it's bad. And we're replacing it with a great healthcare at far less money. And it includes preexisting conditions.


Wherever would I get these ideas from? I don't know. I'm what a lefty. I must be such a lefty that I'm literally just playing clips of Donald Trump saying the things and showing that he's lying. No, America is sick and tired of the gaslighting stop. Even with the liberal conservative. Trump ain't conservative. Trump ain't even really a Republican. He is a MAGA malignant narcissist who wants to build and is building a dictatorship in his party. That's what he wants. That's not Republican. Screw that, screw that Governor Tim Walls today weighing in on Donald Trump's age. Let's play it. Your Family. Now, look, this dude's nearly 80 years old.


He damn near killed himself. Getting into a garbage truck, you would think over 80 years, you would understand how a tariff works. Smarter people than Donald Trump, which is a good chunk of folks, CEOs of companies like Black and Decker, AutoZone and Columbia have gone on the record to say, if Donald Trump goes forward with this plan, they will simply have to raise price and pass it on to you. Donald Trump's saying, China will pay for those tariffs the same way Mexico paid for the ball. It's not gonna happen. So Look, governor Wall's weighing in on the importance of women voting.


Play this clip. I have to say, this feeling of women right now in this, every agent, every party, here's what's gonna happen on Tuesday, they are gonna send a loud and clear message to Donald Trump on November 5th. They're gonna send that message whether he likes it or not. Kamala says, we're not going back and we're not. I'm here today. I'm here today on behalf of the vice president. I've be here on behalf of folks across this country. We appreciate humbly asking for your vote. Yeah, Five Days.


Five days. We know momentum's on our side. We know momentum's on our side, but elections are won in this 120 hour window, so we're not taking anything for granted. So this is the 120 hour pep talks folks, this Game is Vice President Kamala Harris, weighing in on the importance of saving healthcare. Play, the clip, the Speakers comments about the Affordable Care Act. Look, I've been saying throughout this campaign be very clear that among the stakes in this election are whether we continue with the Affordable Care Act or not, it has been a part of Donald Trump's agenda for a very long time. He has made dozens of attempts to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, and now we have further validation of that agenda from his supporter, the Speaker of the House.


And what that would mean for the American people is that pharmac, that that insurance companies could go back to a time when they would deny you coverage for health insurance based on pre-existing conditions, pre-existing conditions such as you being a survivor of breast cancer, asthma, diabetes. And what I know is that the American people, regardless of who they're voting for, know the importance of the Affordable Care Act of as is also called Obamacare in terms of expanding people's coverage to healthcare based on a fundamental principle that I hold deeply. Access to healthcare should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it.


So there's still a lot of work to do. But each day I think that there are also indications that we are receiving from my opponent that verify, validate, and reinforce the fact that one, he is not gonna be fighting for women's reproductive rights. He does not prioritize the freedom of women and the intelligence of women to make decisions about their own lives and bodies. And healthcare for all Americans is on the line in this election as well. I'll take your questions, Dan. Here is Rudy Giuliani, one of Donald Trump's other top surrogates today, saying that immigrants should not have been taken out of the jungle and put into small towns in America.


Play the clip. They lived back 200 years ago. They just shouldn't have been taken out of the jungle and placed in the middle of a small town America. That's ridiculous. Or big town America for that matter. There you have it, folks, make sure you vote. Make sure your family please, please make sure you have a vote plan. Make sure friends, family members, coworkers, neighbors who you know are gonna vote for democracy. Do it. When this video ends, reach out to your circle. Push 'em, push 'em, help 'em offer to drive them. Just do something. We have the ability. You have the ability to be the difference.


So please do something right now. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to four million subscribers together. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.