
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck T what do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


What's standing between you and your first sale on Shopify time Expertise, resources? What If you can multiply all three product descriptions done, store insights delivered 2:00 AM customer questions handled instantly. Entrepreneurs on Shopify are reaching their first sale faster with AI that works with you. Go to Shopify dot com slash first sale to see how entrepreneurs use AI to grow their businesses faster. That's Shopify dot com slash first sale.


Donald Trump is an international disgrace, an international embarrassment, and we're seeing the Trump effect take place today in Australia. It is in effect there where Donald Trump has changed the dynamic of the election in Australia, the MAGA party there, or the MAGA party leader, a guy by the name of Peter Dutton, Timo Trump, they call him in Australia, was once leading in the polls. He's from the liberal party in Australia, which is confusingly their conservative party in Australia. He was expected to become the prime minister there months ago.


But as Donald Trump has attacked the entire world and has caused devastation to our ally, caused harm to our ally in Australia, the polls change there. The current Prime Minister, Anthony Albanese, is expected to go on to keep a labor that's like their liberal party, even though it's gonna be the, the Labor Party's their more left party there, the Labor Party majority in Australia and no one expected that to happen. If you were looking at the poll, take a look here. This looks very similar to what we saw in Canada. You see the blue right there is the liberal block right there.


And you see, based on the latest poly market estimation, at least as of this recording, their odds of holding onto or getting a majority now at 4.5%, the Labor Party, 95.5% chance there as voting is underway today. Saturday May 3rd record early voter turnout in Australia. And look the people of Australia, like the people of Canada by and large, hate, hate, hate Donald Trump. I mean, just take a look right here. They had big hands off protests.


Melbourne Australia a few weeks back. Just a reminder, here's what was going on there. Today, we talk today. Now here is their MAGA candidate, Peter Dutton in Australia. You could see him right here. He refers to the national broadcasters there as hate media. Very similar to the way Donald Trump would call the media here or calls the media, fake media and enemy of the people Dutton team Trump as they call him in Australia, the leader of the liberal party there would always talk about woke this, woke that here, let's play this clip right here.


I have no doubt in my mind that we can win this election. Forget about what you're being told by the A, B, C and the Guardian and the other hate media. Forget about that. I'm looking at the u gov polls right here, U gov as of this recording predicting a 97 per chance. 97% chance that labor will hold on to its majority on the eve of the elections in Australia. One of the things that was uncovered as well, although the liberal party in Australia denies that this is taking place, but what can you say? I mean, this is what Chris Las Cavita, Donald Trump's campaign manager is on tape, he's on a zoom saying it apparently that he was helping the liberal party in Australia.


So a Trump campaign manager said, you listen to you for yourself. What? What he said, helping the liberal party in Australia, the Duttons. So now Dutton has to be like, no, no, no, we don't want anything to do with that Here, watch this clip from Seven News Australia. Great work. Seven news play. This clip Anthony Albanese campaigning at a school in Perth as Donald Trump appears to make a last foray into the Australian election campaign, the Center for Climate Reporting, placing on its website undercover video of Chris Avita, Donald Trump's co-manager of campaigning last year at his very successful presidential campaign.


Chris Avita claims in this video that he's been assisting the liberal party in campaign strategy with some of its structural issues. The claim made a couple of weeks ago suggests that the advice was coming as the Australian federal election began. I I was in Australia two weeks ago helping the, the, the liberal party there on some of their structural issues that they're, they were having with Peter Dutton. Now The liberal party flatly denies its engaged Chris Las Avita and says that he's had no contact with Peter Dutton.


Here's what Anthony Albanese says. The campaign of the liberal party has become more and more right wing under Peter Dutton. What to make of the liberal party advice? Who knows? But we can say this. Donald Trump's specter over the Australian election campaign has not helped the liberal party won bit. It's been associated as being too close to him. In fact, before the election appeared to want to adopt some of his policies, that's been damaging for them almost certainly. And this reminder of Donald Trump, two days out from the final voting day is likely to please labor and not please the coalition at all.


You know, maybe you started your business because it was your passion, but then somehow you found yourself deep in spreadsheets, payroll forms and onboarding emails. Sound familiar? That's exactly how we felt running this podcast and the Midas Touch Network. Nobody's an expert in every area, especially when it comes to hr. That's why we are so excited about BambooHR and all-in-one solution that actually gives you your time back to focus on what you love most. Growing your business. BambooHR is a powerful, yet flexible all-in-one HR solution for your growing business. Stop wasting hours on payroll, time tracking benefits or performance management. BambooHR cuts those hours down two minutes. They've also got amazing hiring and onboarding tools that streamline the process and create better First days for your new hires over 34,000 companies. Trust BambooHR because it's not just powerful, it's super easy to use, easy to learn, easy to implement, and easy to love seriously. Take a couple minutes to check out the free demo and see just how nimble and affordable it is. I can't recommend BambooHR enough. Check it out for yourself with a free demo at BambooHR dot com slash free demo. That's BambooHR dot com slash free demo BambooHR dot com slash free demo.


Now One of the things you'll notice as well in the debate that took place between the MAGA candidate, Tim Mu Trump, Peter Dutton, and the current Prime Minister, Anthony Albani of the Labor Party in Albany's, kinda closing remarks of the debate. He was asked a question about, you know, what do you think is some of the biggest threats? What do you worry about the most? And one of the things he said is that, take a look at Dutton, this guy spreads lies about climate change. And then one of the things that Anthony Albani also says is we have to focus a lot in Australia on our regional partners and notice what he says here about China too, that we have a good trading relationship with China, a good trading relationship with other Southeast Asian nations.


And notice that he mentions that a lot as being a priority. And he's like, you know, Albani saying what climate change is woke and all of these, we, we don't need that in Australia. He goes, because our trading partners in our region also recognize that climate change is real and it's a threat. Enough of this MAGA stuff here play this clip. The uncertain world that we inherit in an uncertain, uncertain times. It's the last time, last time where you'd want to take a risk. Peter spoke about his long experience and that's true, but that's the problem. Every Pacific leader remembers him joking about water lapping at their doors for the Pacific Island Neighbors.


It's not a joke. Climate change, it's something that is the entry fee to credibility in our region with our Asian neighbors. I brought every Ian leader down to Australia last March. Every leader came here and we've developed constructive relationships. We've managed to build our relationship with Japan and Korea, including our defense relationships. At the same time as we've restored more normal relations with China, bringing back $20 billion of trade that were stopped with the impediments that were put in place. There were not even a phone call between any Australian government minister and our major trading partner during the last term of parliament.


That's It. Thank you kindly. Now again, it reminds me as well, you know, you had Mark Carney since he's become prime minister, right? No one expected in Canada, the liberal party in Canada to go on to even hold a liberal minority government there. No one thought that was, everyone thought Pierre pev and the conservative party was going to go on and win. But the Trump effect in Canada, the Trump effect in Australia. And you see how people are standing up to Trump. This is Prime Minister Kearney from yesterday talking about visiting the White House, but on his own terms And that never will he ever be agreeable to the 51st date or you know, anything like that.


Like he's like, that's not happening. Period. Full stop here. Watch this clip of Prime Minister Carney. In your second call with the president, did Mr. Trump outright say or insinuate at any point that Canada should become the 51st eight? He did not. Alright. We've heard Mr. Trump on April 23rd and his surrogates throughout the final days of the campaign, reiterate the idea that they believe Canada should become the 51st state on the campaign trail. You said on multiple occasions that respect for Canada would be one of the key things in terms of having a meeting with him. Do you think over the past few days we have seen respect for Canada from the Trump administration? Look, the I would, I, it's always important to distinguish want from reality, right?


What someone wants and what is reality and what the Cana, what the Canadian people clearly have stated, virtually without exception is this will never ever happen. And now One of the things I think is notable too to think about is there should be a easy trade deal to have with Australia. The United States does not have a trade deficit with Australia. There's an existing trade deal in place. Like the fact that Trump can't even do a trade deal in Australia as of this point, tells you what a bad deal maker Donald Trump is. And it could be that they're just waiting for the elections 'cause they know that Donald Trump is, is a major factor in the elections in a bad way.


But here's Justin Wolffer economics professor at University of Michigan, and he's like, this was recorded on April 22nd where he thought, come on that Donald's gonna be able to at least announce some deal with Australia, right? Because there's no trade deficit with Australia. There's already an existing deal. You should be able to announce this. But Donald Trump has not been able to do so. Here play this clip. I do wanna 0.1 thing out. At some point in the next couple of weeks, they're gonna front the press and say, Hey, we got a new trade deal with blank. It'll be some country, pretty good chance. It'll be Australia actually. And they're gonna say, look at this amazing trade deal we got with Australia. No tariffs with Australia. The thing I want your viewers to understand is we already had no tariffs with Australia.


We had a free trade agreement. We had very close to no tra, no tariffs with Europe, with every other major trading partner with very few exceptions. So he's gonna trot out and declare victory for giving us back the economy that we had in the days before April two. Oh, also, going back to Canada for a second, the leader of the conservative party, their tmu Trump, their maple MAGA Pierre Po lost his seat, lost his riding, as they call it in Canada. And he bullied a member. Just this happened yesterday. He bullied someone who has a riding in Alberta where there was an 80% conservative vote for this other guy to forfeit his riding.


So Pierre pev could stay in parliament, could stay in the House of Commons. So Pierre Pev took somebody's seat, which you can do in Canada, I mean, which is, you know, fairly embarrassing right there. Let me show you this one other clip of Peter Dutton saying, woke this, woke that, so you can see it. Let's play this clip. How Are you defining lo Well, I, I've answered that question yesterday. I, I think the point that I see that that's of interest as well is what we would do in relation to education funding and health funding. We are absolutely committed to health and education funding as the numbers appear in the budget papers. So before the Prime Minister goes off trying to scare people again. And that's what he's doing at the moment because he's trying to pick fights, he's trying to scare people, but he's, you know, maybe good at that.


I'll tell you what he's very bad at. That is helping families. But indoctrination Australian. Australian ation. Your Indoctrination was your word. Yeah. What topics are indoctrination that's in the curriculum? Well, we, We've spoken before and including yesterday in relation to it. I want young Australians who are going to school to get the best education they can. I don't want them indoctrinated according to the views of the lecturer at university or in relation to the views of the particular teacher. I want our kids to be taught according to community beliefs and standards. And I think that is the expectation of families. Not controversial here in the suburbs. Might be at the A, B, C, but not controversial here in the suburbs. And that's exactly what we're after. Last night, a woman asked you about getting the woke agenda out of schools and you spoke about potentially potentially conditioning funding from schools to change their curriculum or to influence their curriculum.


Curriculum. I think influence was the word that you used. Could I ask specifically what lessons or units you're concerned about having a woke agenda? I wanna make sure that our kids, whether they're at primary school or secondary school, or indeed young Australians who are at universities are receiving the education that their parents would expect them to receive. And our position will reflect community standards in relation to what is being taught at our schools and our universities. And you've seen some recent examples in relation to law school and the requirements being made. I think it was Macquarie University at the time. You've seen other academics who are out as part of protests on the streets and, and, and teachers. Similarly, that's being translated into the classroom. That's not something I support. I support young Australians being able to think freely, being able to assess what's before them and not being told and indoctrinated with something that is the, the agenda of others.


So I think you see the dynamic, the Trump effect is the orange st stain of failure that is Donald Trump. And no one wants to have a whiff of that grotesque odor near them at this point. And so then we move on to the other elections, right? I mean, that's why I said Canada was so big, because Canada's showing the world the way you stand up to Trump. Trust me, in Japan, they're looking at the Canadian elections and going, whoa, whoa, whoa. That whole dynamic changed. If Donald Trump disrespects and dishonor Japan on a trade deal, the governing party's gonna get thrown.


That's how they're seeing this across the world right now in terms of standing up to Donald Trump. We've got a Romania election that's big. Wow. May 18th Poland's election. May 18th. We got Portugal coming up in May 18th. We'll cover it all here on the Midas Touch Network. All right, shout out to the Midas down under in Australia, the Midas mate in Australia. We got a great Australia fan base at the Midas. We love our Australian Midas, mighty Midas mate. Midas down under you. Tell me, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million things for watching new Midas Me drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more.


All at store. Job Midas touch.com.