
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of


As Donald Trump rage posted away in the evening hours saying arrest the people in masks. Now, exclamation point and looking really bad in la, bringing the troops exclamation point, exclamation point, exclamation point. He just looks weaker. He just looks more pathetic. And by the way, we at the Midas Touch Network found video of a Trump Town Hall in 2020 with a, B, C where Donald Trump admits that he did not and does not have the power to send the National Guard in order to attack communities the way he just did.


I'm gonna show you that in just one moment. Our researchers found it. But we're seeing memes like this spread everywhere. This from Democratic Congress member Eric Swalwell who says this meme is everywhere. Let's be kinder to each other. Making fun of an almost 80-year-old falling on the stairs, has no place in our politics. Taco fell and it's a photo of Donald Trump falling up the stairs, heading up to Air Force when we did a whole video on that. It should also be noted. Don't worry, I'm gonna play that video from 2020 in just a moment. But I wanna share this with you right now. 'cause I think this shows you how equally reprehensible it is.


Not only is it unlawful for Donald Trump to federalize the National Guard in California, and frankly the order doesn't say it's limited to Los Angeles. It's the entire country is what the order actually says. But sending National Guard troops and potentially the Marines against people living in Los Angeles, but get this, Donald Trump has also embedded Dr. Phil, the TV host, Dr. Phil, with ice agents who are doing the raids so that they can capture this all on a TV show that they are making the very definition of state regime media.


So now let me share with you from 2020, this is the Town hall with George Stephanopoulos and Donald Trump on a, b, C, you'll hear Trump say, we have to go by the laws. We can't move the National Guard. I can call insurrection, but there's no reason to ever do that. Even in the Portland case. We can't call in the National Guard unless we're requested by a governor. Let's play that clip right now. And they have to respect you. Promised four years ago at the Democrat, at the Republican Convention, I'm gonna restore law and order and I have except in Democrat run cities. Look, we have laws, we have to go by the laws.


We can't move in the National Guard. I can call insurrection, but there's no reason to ever do that. Even in a Portland case. We can't call in the National Guard unless we're requested by a governor. If a governor or a mayor is a Democrat. And then like in Portland, we call them constantly. I just spoke to the governor yesterday because we're giving them relief on the fires. We're giving 'em a declar, an emergency declaration. I said, governor, let us go in and we'll clean up Portland so fast in a half an hour, it'll be All right. And she's just torn by it. I don't understand the thinking, but they're torn by it. Donald Trump admitting that he is a criminal. You heard it right there.


He's admitting that he violated the law. It doesn't get much clearer than that folks now does it. You have the clowns and Donald Trump's regime like JD Vance making posts like this. This moment calls for decisive leadership. The president will not tolerate rioting and violence. And it's a repost of Donald Trump saying a once great American city, Los Angeles has been invaded and occupied by illegal aliens. And it goes on to say, we need to take all such necessary measures to liberate Los Angeles from the migrant invasion and put down these migrant riots as Governor Gavin Newsom says, decisive leadership, you didn't even know when your own national guard was deployed on the ground.


Stop fanning the flames for real. Stop fanning the flames. Now. Someone who's actually sacrificed for our country and various capacities as a pilot, as an astronaut, as a senator, Senator Mark Kelly. Here's his take on this all. First, Trump arrested a mayor, a member of Congress, and a labor leader. Now he's sending in the National Guard against the advice of local leaders when police are best equipped to ensure safety and prevent violence. How'd we get here? Trump decided to prioritize ripping apart families and communities instead of focusing on dangerous criminals.


This isn't law and order. This isn't making our country safer or fixing our border and it isn't leadership. And to that point, Tom Holman Trump's borders are someone who's not confirmed by the Senate. Just a bumbling, mumbling fool. Here he is, an M-S-N-B-C and he's asked, does everyone who has been arrested by ice have a criminal record? And he goes, absolutely not. We're going after everybody. It doesn't matter if you're a criminal or not. Here it is. He says it in his own words. Play this clip. Is Everyone that has been arrested by a ice agents have a criminal record like those you've described?


Absolutely not. And I said, from day one, January 20, we'll prioritize public safety threats and national security threats. However, we'll enforce law I I may prioritize my family life over my, over my work. Doesn't matter. Ignore my work. We're gonna force immigration law. We've been honest about that in day one, especially in sanctuary cities where we can't get the bad guy in the safety and security of a jail. They release him to the street. Well, we gotta go to the street and find them. And when we find them, many times they're with others. Others are are in the United States. Illegal may not be a criminal target. But guess what, if I is there arresting that bad guy, other aliens are there, we're gonna arrest them. That's what sanctuary cities get.


They put us in the neighborhood, they force in the neighborhood. This is what happens.


Well That, are you looking for something simple and delicious to add to your wellness routine? I used to rely on regular honey for my breakfast tea and even salad dressings. But then I found Manacor. And let me tell you, it puts all other honey to shame. Manacor honey is rich, creamy, and the most delicious honey I've ever had. The best part, it's ethically produced by master beekeepers in the remote forests of New Zealand. These bees collect nectar from the Manuka tea tree, which is packed with bioactives, giving manacor three times more antioxidants and prebiotics than your average honey. Each morning I start my day with a heaped teaspoon of man chora, letting the creamy texture melt in my mouth and coat in my throat. And it's not just a treat. It's packed with powerful nutrients to support my immunity and gut health. And here's something that sets Manacor apart. It contains a special antibacterial compound called MGO, which comes from the Manuka tea tree. Manacor tests every harvest for MGO and you can see the results yourself through their QR system. It's a honey with superpowers, whether you're adding it to your food or enjoying it straight off the spoon, it's a game changer. Now, it's easier than ever to try Mana Cora honey. Just head to mana cora.com/midas. That's M-E-I-D-A-S to get $25 off the starter kit, which includes an MGO eight 50 plus Manuka honey jar. Five honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon and a guidebook. That's manura.com/midas for $25 off your starter kit, start your mornings with Manacor. You'll never go back to ordinary honey.


Now I'd like to read for you a statement by one of the leaders of the national, the one of the ex National Guard leaders, someone who is very well respected in the National Guard. His name is Major General Randy Manor. And he criticizes Trump sending the National Guard to LA and his statement to Fox and Fox published this statement. Here's what he says. The president's federal deployment of the National Guard over the official wishes of a governor is bad for all Americans concerned about freedom of speech and state's rights. The governor has the authority and ability to respond to the civil disturbances with law enforcement capabilities within his state augmented as necessary by requesting law enforcement assistance from other governors.


There are over a million badged and trained members of law enforcement in this country for the governors to ask for help if he needs it. While this is presently a legal order, it tramples the governor's rights and obligations to protect his people. This is an inappropriate use of the National Guard and is not warranted. One of the former top leaders of the National Guard. And all he's saying there to be clear is it's presently a legal order because a court has not struck it down yet. Although, as I have said before, when you look through the statute or if you listen to Donald Trump's own words, it is an unlawful order.


So Donald Trump said in 2020, I think one of the things that is important to note as well, while all of this is going on is We can forget about the budget bill. We can forget about the disastrous budget bill that will kick 15 million Americans off of healthcare. That will take away supplemental nutrition assistance program for people that will lead to more people becoming unhoused because it's taking away rental assistance. And Section eight housing, it's an attack on women's reproductive rights. But if you wanted to purchase a silencer for a gun, the budget bill says that you don't have to go through really any regulatory process anymore.


Silencers, tanning beds got a lot of benefits, and of course, the billionaires, guns, billionaires, silencers, billionaires, and tanning beds and billionaires are gonna get trillions in tax cuts and it's gonna increase the deficit by $5 trillion. Here's what Democratic Senator Murphy had to say about this all. It can also be true that everything that's happened in the last seven days between the fight with Elon Musk and now the deployment of the National Guard is probably also a distraction from the main story, which is that right now Donald Trump is trying to pass probably the most unpopular piece of legislation that he will attempt to move through Congress in his first term.


He's gonna throw 15 million people off their healthcare in order to fund a massive tax cut for the wealthy. It's gonna add $2 trillion to our deficit. We're probably gonna head into a recession. And so I do also think he's probably doing everything he can to try to get the entire political world to be talking about anything other than a piece of legislation that's gonna fundamentally change this country. So yeah, we have to point out the danger of what he's proposing to do in Los Angeles while also keeping our eye on the ball, which is a bill that's going to transform our economy and ruin a lot of lives. Should also be noted that nobody wants to work for Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth.


Everybody's turning down job offers 'cause they think he's utterly incompetent, which he is. Another note that I wanna share with you, while Donald Trump promised that there was a trade deal with the UK a month later, the duties with the uk, the levies, the tariffs remain in place. There's no clear timeline when they're going to lift we a month after the quote, historic deal between the two sides. And there's no clear timeline for when this will actually become a deal. But if you've been watching them, I just touched network, what have I been saying from day one? It was never a deal. It was a memorandum of understanding that literally says on it, this is not a binding deal. It was never a deal.


Also, mergers and acquisition activity are approaching their lowest levels in decades. Meaning businesses are not merging or acquiring. They're in kind of a frozen standstill mode. Remember Donald Trump saying drill, baby drill. Well, US oil rigs are increasingly going offline. The baker use us crude oil rate count has dropped to the lowest since 2021. So actually the oil industry is suffering. I'm not sure I'm all that ob. Well, I, I, I, I, I, I want American businesses to do well. I think that there should be diversified energy. I'll just leave it at that. But Donald Trump made one promise and he did not meet that promise.


More news, of course, about Donald Trump raiding Home Depots parking lots or people, migrants are showing up to work. I got word or I learned that Huntington Park High School right out here in California, that there was ice presence there. She's near and dear to my heart. It's where my wife grew up. Huntington, that's where she went to high school. So they're going into schools, they're going into farms, they're going into courtrooms. They're going into factories, and they're going after hardworking migrants, hardworking Latinos. So they're going after. Finally, just let me share you this. It's an important reminder that two days ago before Trump fueled the fire by sending in National Guard the the LAPD, put out a statement letting everybody know that the protests were peaceful, thanking the organizers for peaceful protests.


And then Donald Trump did what he wanted to do, which was to provoke, divide, cause chaos. And that's what we saw. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.