
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From Fleet Management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions, enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your businesses on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world, find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the ConEst jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to vori.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, it's Tracking in fact, value Surge alert trucks up 2.5%. Vans down 1.7, Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Ugh, tracking. Always know your car's worth with Carvana value Tracker.


Wow, what a disaster. Donald Trump had South Africa's president, Cyril fusA in the Oval Office today. This thing went sideways. Really quickly. Watch, as the President of South Africa tells Donald Trump that unlike Cutter, he can't give Donald Trump a gold plated private jet. Here, play this clip that Idiot talks about after viewing a thing where thousands of people are dead. I'm sorry, I don't have a plane to give you. I I wish you did. I would take, if your country offered the United States Air Force a plan, I would take it. Okay. And did you hear Donald Trump say, well, I would like another private jet? Seriously? Then throughout this press conference in the Oval Office, Donald Trump kept on blowing up at an NBC reporter in front of the President of South Africa and the other delegation from South Africa.


This whole site was humiliating. Here, play this clip. Okay, Mr. President, the Pentagon announced that it would be accepting a Qatari jet to be used as Air Force One. What are you talking about again, You know, you To get outta here. What does this have to do with the Qatari jet? They're giving the United States Air Force a jet. Okay? And it's a great thing. We're talking about a lot of other things. It is NBC trying to get off the subject of what you just saw. You are a real, you know, you're a terrible reporter. Number One, you, you don't have what it takes to be a reporter. You're not smart enough.


But for you to go onto a subject about a, a jet that was given to the United States Air Force, which is a very nice thing, they also gave $5.1 trillion worth of investment in addition to the jet. Go back, yo, to go back to your studio at NBC because Brian Robertson, the people that run that place, they ought to be investigated. They are so terrible the way you run that work and you are disgraced. No more questions from you. Go ahead. Go ahead. Talk about that. His name is Peter stuff, but he's a terrible reporter. Quiet, Quiet, quiet.


I mean, the United States is really just looking so clownish to the international community right now, and no offense to clowns with things like this. So then Donald Trump starts taking out a series of articles to spread the lie that there is a genocide in South Africa against the white African farmers. And then the President of South Africa's there. Also with the white agriculture minister, who also knows that there is not a genocide against the white farmers in South Africa. But Donald Trump keeps pulling these like conspiracy laden articles here. Watch what he does, play this clip. What would you like President Rum to do about the situation?


I know that we just seen on the screen. I don't know. Or look, these are articles over the last few days. Death of People. Death, death, death, horrible. Death. Death. I don't know. But you know, that pick anyone. White South Africans are fleeing because of the violence and racist laws. And this is all, I mean, I'll give these to you. I'd like to. So when you, when you say, what would I like to do? I don't know what to do. Look at this. White South African couples say that they were attacked violently.


And President Trump, when will you go and see for yourself if it Isn't, well, I could do that. Look, here's burial sites all over the place. They're all, these are all white farmers that are being burned. President Trump. And he asks about a jet that was given. You ought to be ashamed of you. You know, you're, you are so bad, you're such a bad reporter. And then there's more of Donald Trump blowing up at and attacking an NBC reporter and calling the NBC reporter a jerk. Like you can see Trump's face turned like bright orange as well. Here, play this clip, Talk about it. And I didn't know we'd get involved here, but I will say this, that if the news wasn't fake, like NBC, which is fake news, totally one of the worst, A-B-C-N-B-C-C-B-S horrible.


But if they weren't fake news, like this jerk that we have here, if we had real reporters, they'd be covering it. But the fake news in this country doesn't talk about that. So then the reporters keep asking Donald Trump, and you have international reporters, there are reporters from South Africa and others saying to Donald Trump, what will it take to convince you that there is not a genocide against white africaners and white farmers in South Africa? I mean, you literally have the white agriculture minister who's not from President Rama's party here saying that there isn't one. What's it gonna take here? Play this clip. It never Changed President this time.


What does It take from you for you to be convinced that there's no white genocide in South Africa? Well, I can answer that for Chris, for him, seriously. I'd rather Have him answer. I'd rather answer that it be president. So then Donald Trump has a video that he's made or that his regime has made to further spread the lies that there's burial sites for this genocide that is not taking place. And you have the, again, president of South Africa Ram fusA sitting there saying, what, what is it, what are you showing me? I'm the president of South Africa. I don't know what the hell you're talking about to your watch this.


Now this is very bad. These are the, these are burial sites right here. Burial sites over a thousand of white farmers. And those cars are lined up to pay love on a Sunday morning. Each one of those white things you see is across, and there's approximately a thousand of 'em. They're all white farmers, the family of white farmers. And those cars aren't driving. They're stopped there to pay respects to their family member who was killed. And it's a terrible site.


I've never seen anything like it. Both sides of the road, you have crosses. Those people are all killed. Have they told you where that is, Mr. President? No, I'd like to know where that is, because this, I've never seen, Okay, I in South Africa this week. So then President Ramus of South Africa tells Donald Trump. He goes, I can assure you that if there was an African farmer genocide, the three white Africana and other white agriculture ministers and opposition party leaders who, who are here in the Oval Office from South Africa right now, Donald, they, they would tell you they're standing here right now.


Here, watch this moment here, play this clip, Mr. President, it, it'll take President Trump listening to the voices of South African, some of whom are his good friends, like those who are here. When we have talks between us or the quiet or at a quiet table, it'll take President Trump to listen to them. I'm not going to be repeating what I've been saying. I would say if there was Africana Farmer Genocide, I can bet you these three gentlemen would not be here, including my Minister of Agriculture. He would not be with me. So it'll take him, president Trump, listening to their stories, to their perspective.


That is the answer to your question, Mr. President. I must say President Trump. No, no. Wait. We have thousands of stories talking about it. Sure. And we have documentaries, we have news stories. And that is Natalie here, somebody here to turn that I I could show you a couple of things and and I would, I just, I have to, it has to be responded to. Yeah, sure. Let me see the articles please, if you would, and turn, excuse me, turn the lights down. So then you have Marjorie Taylor Green's boyfriend is in the Oval Office, and he's one of the people who asked these questions. Remember he was the guy who attacked Zelensky and said, why weren't you, why aren't you wearing a suit?


Is what Glenn said. So here Brian Glenn asked this ridiculous question, but then President fusA of South Africa says, why don't I, how, why don't I direct this question to the agriculture minister who's white, who's here? He'll, he'll answer this question. He's from the opposition. He's part of my cabinet here. Let him answer the question. Watch this clip Numbers of people that wanna leave South Africa because they feel they're gonna be dead very soon. Yes. Brian, go. If I could just ask you the question, 72% of farmers in your country are white. If they flee, do you feel that maybe the economy could collapse? You may not have a gap to fill those people, that we replace those farmers.


You know, I'd like my minister of agriculture who is white, who comes from an opposition party to mine, who has joined my government and my invitation to address some this very issue, including the question that you've just raised. John, thank You very much, Mr. President. Yeah, Mr. President, Thank you for Welcome us to the White House. I would say we have a real safe property. I don't think anyone wants to candy coat that. And it requires a lot of effort to get on top of it. It's gonna require more policing resources, it's gonna require different strategy to be able to deal with it. But certainly the majority of South Africa's commercial and small older farmers really do want to stay in South Africa and make it work.


And I've just come from the largest agricultural show in the southern hemisphere with organized agriculture and farmers. And the majority of them wanna stay. But they too, they have a memorial to those who've died as a result of farm attacks. And as the minister of agriculture, it is something that I'm particularly exercised with my colleagues and police and my colleagues in the justice cluster to start making farm attacks and stock theft, a priority crime. And it affects all farmers in South Africa, particularly. Stock theft has a disproportionate effect on small black farmers. Then Donald Trump mentions that Elon is from South Africa here Today, have many friends from South Africa, but many of those friends are, are not, they can't go back.


I have, Elon is from South Africa. I don't want to get Elon involved. That's all I have to do, get him into another thing. But Elon happens to be from South Africa. This is what Elon wanted. He actually came here in a different subject, sending rockets to Mars. Okay. Yes. He likes that better. He likes that subject better. That's right. But Elon is from South Africa and I, I don't want to talk to him about that. I, I don't want to, I don't think it's fair to him More of Donald Trump attacking NBC. Let's play it. Any questions please, Mr. President? White African refugees here. Can you explain to Americans why it's appropriate to welcome white African Connors here when other refugees like Afghans, Venezuelans, Asian, have all had their protective status removed?


Well, this is a group NBC that is truly fake news. They ask a lot of questions in a very pointed way. They're not questions, they're statements. We've then Donald Trump randomly thinks that it's a good idea to attack the New York Attorney General Letitia James in this Oval Office meeting with the president of South Africa. Very Much. I'd like to get your thoughts on Letitia James, director Pulte, according to him, Letitia James says that the alleged mortgage fraud was simply on the state. I wanna to get your thoughts on that. She put down that her, her father was her husband in, in order.


And this is very similar to I guess the false attacks they have on here. Well, I don't know what it is currently, but Letitia James, who's the Attorney General of New York State, it seemed, I'm not involved in that at all. I know that it's being handled by various groups, I guess, but it's, it's major fraud, mortgage documents and fraudulent everything. I think she said the father was her husband, which she had to have a husband or she, she chose her father and she put it down. And she's had, had, didn't she sign in Virginia yet? She, she said she lived in Virginia, yet she's the New York State Attorney General.


And she did that for tax reasons, so she could take advantage of taxes. And she had the wrong number of units. She had a much different number, which wouldn't have allowed her to qualify and, and scam the government. So, I don't know. I think she's very bad for New York, but I really don't know too much about it. But I appreciate the question. Yes, sir. Thank you very much. Yes. And then you have some of the other ministers there with President fusA explaining, look, we have too many deaths in general in South Africa. We have gang violence in South Africa. The way you have gang violence in the United States, and it's not specifically gang violence targeted at white people. There's a lot of black farmers who are targeted as well.


I mean, it's, it's, there's, there's violence. So we would like to have the support from the United States and, and from the international community to, to help as well here, play this clip And look how he's changed. Right? We have too many deaths, but it's across the board. It's not only white farmers, it's across the board. And we need technological help. We need starlink at every little police station. We need drones. I actually got drones donated for the peace parks to stop Elephant and Rhino poaching and his predecessor stopped the importation because he said the United States would spy on us.


I mean, us basics, the ridicule. So if we can, if you can help us remember, sir, you and I lived in New York in the seventies. We never thought New York would be what it became. Two commissioners, a tough mayor. We need your help to stop this awful killing. But it's across the board Then, you know, and as I watch this disaster in the Oval Office unfold, I just think about what's going on in Beijing right now, where Xi Jinping must have the biggest smile on his face and think about how the bricks block is gonna be strengthened.


How America looks so unreliable and weird to the international community. It looks like a pariah regime, like a Kim Jong-Un like regime with Donald Trump, orange faced exploding at reporters, holding up weird articles, you know, and we're just like speeding up the rise of China. It's, it's a ridiculous, it's rid objectively. No matter what political party you're from, you should look at this and go, what in the world just happened here? We're gonna cover it every step of the way in the Midas Touch Network. Now hit subscribe and help us get to 5 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.