
What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability Updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


This episode is brought to you by Ring. From package deliveries to lonely pets, ring cameras and doorbells. Make it easy to check in from anywhere, right from your phone. Be there with Ring. Learn more@ring.com.


How do you feel Great on vacation? Like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


So we know that Donald Trump keeps talking about dementia tests and bragging that he passed this dementia test and that dementia test. Well, the Midas Touch Network's investigative team has dug deeper than just the surface level of saying how bizarre and unhinged it is that Donald Trump keeps talking about dementia tests. And we dug into the court file of a probate case in the state of New York Supreme Court involving the Trump family several decades ago over the estate and Will of Fred Trump. And what we uncovered is that Fred Trump took multiple dementia tests and did not do very well on those dementia tests.


For example, when he was asked to draw a clock, here is what the clock looked like. And this litigation that the Trump family was embroiled in is whether or not Fred was gonna be leaving money to Donald and others, or whether the will was manipulated. But I wanna go into the medical findings about Fred Trump's dementia, which really began at the age of about 80. Now Donald Trump right now is 78 years old. So in about a year and a half, two years, Donald Trump will be the same age as Fred. And you see what Fred was drawing there when it came to the clock.


But there's also a number of disturbing medical findings regarding Fred Trump when he was in his eighties, which Donald Trump will be soon. For example, one of the doctors, Ronald McKenzie, who prepared a report after assessing Fred Trump's cognitive abilities through dementia type tests and others found that the most striking area of dysfunction involving Fred Trump is his cognitive capacity. It was clear throughout the interview that was conducted that he has very significant memory impairment. And then further in the report on examination, he has systolic hypertension, peripheral edema, and a significant memory impairment.


There is an obvious decline in his memory in recent years, according to Fred Trump's Dr. Ronald McKenzie. Then you take a look at this report right here that was taken in 1991, and you see in addition to chronic cysto hypertension or systolic hypertension, early signs of dementia right there. And you see it highlighted in the court records, we take a look at Dr. Ra Kar Ums report that was taken on February 4th and fifth of 1992.


It says, the patient was referred by Dr. R Butler for evaluation of problems with memory. The patient denied any symptoms of cognitive loss. Sound familiar? That's what Donald Trump keeps saying over and over again right now. However, it was observed that he did not know his birth date, was unsure of his age and turned to his son for help. Responding to some questions. Yep, some very, very basic questions. Then as we dig deeper into some of these medical reports, some of the things that we see here as well from the Jur Dr. Jur report here is that the patient that was referred by Dr.


R Butler for evaluation of problems with memory. While the patient denied any symptoms of cognitive loss, I just said what it was observed. It goes on to say his son reported that his memory was amazing until about the age of 80. But that notable decline has occurred in the last two years. The patient now forgets names and will sometimes confuse one business situation with another. His son has noted progression in the last 18 months. I wonder who would've said amazing. We take a look as well here. Fred Trump's doctors noted that his instrumental activities of daily living were difficult to assess because of the amount of support he had at home and work.


Instrumental ADLs were difficult to access as extensive assistance is available at home and work including secretarial res, secretarial support of people who were doing a lot of the work for him.


Have you ever felt uneasy leaving your home, wondering if everything will be safe while you're away? I do. Sometimes I just moved. You see the new background? I want to start off right with the right home security system that I can trust to cover all my bases. It's why I use SimpliSafe. So what makes SimpliSafe stand out for me? With fast protect monitoring and lifeguard protection, simply safe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract, which I like. And pricing is transparent and affordable, less than $1 a day with no hidden fees ever, which I think everybody likes. SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service and home security according to Newsweek. It's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour, or choose a professional installation to have a pro do it for you. So Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. when you sign up for Fast Protect Monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/midas. That's simplisafe.com/midas. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Here's how you spell it one more time. S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F e.com/ ME IDAs. That's simply safe.com/midas.


And then it goes on to talk about through some of these neurological tests on Fred Trump, produce poor results on recall and recognition measures. This was a test done in 1992. There were a lot of these dementia tests being performed. Immediate recall of stories read to him was poor relative to his level of achievement. Although norms are not well established for his age group. Conservative estimations suggests performance below the 15th percentile within the age group. Being in his eighties after a delay of 30 minutes recall of the stories was nil. No recall of any basic stories.


Immediate recall of the story that he did read to himself was also impaired as he could remember, only one detail out of possibly 23 and showed evidence of mild confabulation recognition. Testing for the content of the story was marginal. He had difficult learning pairs of associated words after three trial recalls of these associates were 75%, but he did not learn any of the difficult associates. Immediate and delayed recall, a visual stimuli were equally poor. Remote memory was somewhat impaired as he could only recall. Three of the last nine presidents. And again, everything I'm reading to you comes from the court file that we were able to identify and dig up at the Midas Touch Network in the case Linda Trump versus Donald Trump that was filed in connection with the litigation regarding the estate right here.


And then of course I showed you at the outset of the video the inability to draw a clock during the dementia test. Now, just to remind you, Donald Trump at the dementia Donald Trump bragging about the dementia test. Let me just show you a few of those videos here. Like here's Donald Trump talking about it here, play this clip. But, but I said, well, I'm good at tests. So what's the story? He said, well, the problem is, you know, people will find out and if you do badly, it's not a particularly good thing. You don't wanna have some guy get like a, like a disaster. I said, well is that a hard test? It can be hard. I said, look, I gotta take it because I gotta shut it up.


And I took it and I aced it. I think it was 35, 30 questions. And lemme tell you, you know, they always show you the first one, like a giraffe, a tiger, or this or that, a whale, which one is the whale? Okay? And that goes on for three or four and then it gets harder and harder and harder. And then is multiply 3,293 times four, divide by three. They have plenty of tough stuff by those last 15, 20 questions. And here's another video of Donald Trump bragging about when it's like this dementia test stuff is always on his mind. Here, play this clip. Who is more competent? Who's got whose mind?


His sounder Biden beats you in that? Well, I tell you what, let's take a test. Let's take a test right now. Let's go down. Joe and I will take a test. Let him take the same test that I took. Incidentally, I took the test too when I heard that you passed it. Yeah. How did you do it? It's not the hard, well it's not the hardest test. No, but the last, the picture and it says, let's not and it's an elephant. No, no. See, that's all misrepresentation. Well that's what it was on the west. It's All misrepresentation because yes, the first few questions are easy, but I'll bet you couldn't even answer the last five questions. I'll bet you couldn't. They get very hard the last five questions. Well, one of 'em was come back from a hundred by seven And let me tell you, you couldn't answer. You couldn't answer.


Alright, What's a question? Many Of the questions I just look at two, I look at school, I watch, I read, look at the stuff Now with the medical information that I just provided for you. Now just think about the stories that Donald Trump is telling right here, because they seem to look a lot like the description I just gave you about bread. Like, here's a story that Donald Trump told recently play this clip. So they were afraid for their lives and PE and think of it. They couldn't stand it. I they were so afraid. I'm so afraid. Venezuela. You know, when finally one of the things that we did early on in the Midas Touch Foundation formation, we created this video about Donald Trump regarding his relationship with Fred.


It's called Fred's Failure. Play the clip. What is the secret of your success? The president was given or inherited a large portion of his father's real estate fortune worth at least $413 million. Today, Nine out of 10 people don't like what they do. They go from job to job, ultimately becoming Nothing. You'll absolutely love Trump stakes. The three Atlantic City casinos filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Two years after it opened. The company was history. It never made a profit. Trump University was fraudulent. His family's charity accused of misusing funds.


Shakespeare said, never follow an empty wagon up here. Never follow an empty wagon because nothing ever falls off. You know, and again, you have again, a situation where the patient did not know their birthday, did not know some basic information. And you know, you, you, you see Donald Trump up there on stage, right around that same age of Fred. When I read you all of this stuff, let me know what you think.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together Real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat. Be.