
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with AARP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need AARP. Learn more at aarp dot org slash skills.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock during tax season. Your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it Guaranteed or your money back. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


So all these Trump voters and organizations that supported Donald Trump are having deep regrets today. And over the weekend, as Donald Trump imposed the tariffs that he said he was going to impose, I guess they thought that he was joking or that this was all part of some negotiation scheme, when in fact he's actually a psychotic maniac who is trying to annex Canada and to destroy all of our alliances and destroy NATO and to conquer Greenland. And so aha, this epiphany from these Trumper groups that are like these organizations that were supportive of him.


Like this group right here, the National Association of Home Builders, a bastion of liberals and progressives. I'm joking. Of course, they represent builders in the construction industry and they were very supportive of Donald Trump, I'm sure not the whole organization, but at the high level. They were very happy when he got elected. They'd say nice things about him. They're saying, oh, his America first policies look amazing. Well, now they're sending a letter to Donald Trump saying that our country is already facing severe housing sort shortages and affordability crisis, which we thought you recognized in one of your executive orders.


But right now, by imposing these tariffs on Canada and Mexico, you're going to harm an already challenging housing market. You're going to make things far more difficult. Since January, 2021, inputs to residential construction saw price increases of just over 30%. Our sector relies heavily on a diverse and cost efficient supply chain for building materials such as lumber, steel, and it lists other elements. And it goes on to say, your tariffs will lead to higher material costs, which will ultimately be passed on to home buyers in the form of housing price increases, which is going to make housing far less affordable, not more affordable, and you will be betraying one of your campaign promises.


But all of his campaign promises are being betrayed other than he's imposing tariffs, which everyone pretended, oh, that's not gonna do a big deal. Well, it's crashing the economy and it's going to make prices skyrocket and make housing far less affordable at all. But you let the leopards eat your face. National Association of Home Builders, we're seeing the same thing with the National Association of Manufacturing. Also this lobbying group. You know, republicans are great for business. Trump ain't a Republican, Trump's a psycho, he ain't a Republican, he's not conservative. By the way, I don't buy the premise that Republicans are better for business Democrats have created, of the 50 million jobs created what over the past 30, 40 years or whatever the number is, like 48, 90 5%, 96% of those jobs were created in Democratic administrations.


Trump lost jobs. He was the only president other than Herbert Hoover to lose jobs during his first term. And If you wanna know why those housing costs are for the, for the National Building Association or the manufacturers costs were going up because in Trump's first administration, he added $8 trillion to the debt. And because he mishandled covid, he destroyed all of our supply chain. So when President Biden had the American Recovery Act and had to fix it, he was, it was the equivalent of Biden being the fire department, putting out the fire, and then ultimately you were blaming the fire department for the fire.


Of course, when you're putting out the fire, there's still gonna be fire. But who caused it? Who started the fire? It was Donald Trump's mishandling of Covid adding $8 trillion of debt and how Donald Trump's come in and he's done cataclysmic catastrophic damage in just two weeks to our economy and our alliances that are gonna crush your industry. And it was just so predictable. Look, under Biden and Harris, the stock market was up 55 to 60%. America's economy objectively was the envy of the world. People's 4 0 1 Ks were going up and Trump administration won. You couldn't get toilet paper.


Now we're gonna be back in that timeline of not being able to find toilet paper and eggs and all this other stuff that's not going to be available. This was so predictable. But here, the National Association of Manufacturers says that their CEO Jay Timon said, look, manufac. They try to act nice about it. Manufacturers understand that there's a need to deal with any sort of crisis that involves illicit drug crossings in our border. Okay, let's be very clear. America's not handling the Fentanyl crisis the way it needs to itself internally and, and America. American consumers are consuming the fentanyl.


Synthetic drugs are not being consumed in Mexico or Canada the way they're being consumed in the United States. And most of it's coming from China as who only got 10% tariffs less than Mexico and Canada and most of the of, of the, of the Fentanyl and opioids are happening here inside the United States by Americans. And you're saying Canada's the one who's, who's bringing fentanyl. It's just absurd. Then it goes on to say at the same time, protecting manufacturing gains that have come from our strong North American partnerships is vital. The success of Trump's landmark trade agreement, the United States Mexico Canada agreement has strengthened the North American supply chain and bolstered economic power across the region.


Thanks to this agreement. One third of critical US manufacturing inputs now come from Canada or Mexico, rather than from competitors like China that often engage in unfair practices. However, with essential tax ref tax reforms left on the cutting room floor by the last Congress and the Biden administration, manufacturers are already facing mounting cost pressures. A 25% tariff on Canada and Mexico threatens to upend the very supply chains that have made us manufacturing more competitive globally. The ripple effect will be severe, particularly for small and medium sized manufacturers that lack the flexibility and capital to rapidly find alternative suppliers to absorb skyrocketing energy costs.


Look, by sucking up to him here, you're still part of the problem. Just enough. Okay, Trump's a psycho. Just say it. He's a psycho. He doesn't know what he's doing. He, there's a reason he bankrupted most of his businesses. Why? He bankrupted his casinos screwing over all of the contractors. He was born with a golden spoon in his mouth from his daddy and he screwed it up his entire life. And now he's made most of his wealth from stupid meme coins and Trump sneakers and Grifting off of the Oval Office, despite his meme coin now crashing and y'all still act like based on your incredible deal making, he's a horrible deal maker.


He's an idiot. Just say it. Wake the hell up.


I didn't realize how bad the air was in my home until my baby girl started coughing. It was a big wake up call. And you know, here in Los Angeles with everything that went down, we need clean air in our home. This podcast is sponsored by Filter Easy. Look, it's 2025. When was the last time you changed your air filters? Many homeowners can't even answer that question. Or they don't have the time or they can't find the right size filters. Filter easy, makes changing your air filter effortless. The filter Easy Subscription Service delivers the right filters to your door right when you need them. Finally, a subscription service. I actually wanted to subscribe to Filter. Easy filters are proudly made with love in the great state of North Carolina with millions of filtered shipped filter. Easy is the number one home air filter subscription service in the world. My filter arrived the other day, it's amazing. No more guessing sizes running out of filters. I just say my filter easy, it's here. Let's go. No more living with dirty air. The delivery is my reminder. You change your filters. It sounds silly, but these things are just cool. Filter Easys filters snap into place when you open your box and it's way stronger than the cardboard filters you buy at the store. I've got enough to worry about. So filter easy checks one thing off my list for good. I'll never forget to change my filters again. So almost 80% of people don't change their filters on time, including me with filter easy. I'll never forget again, filter, easy magic filters offer improved airflow, which means cheaper heating and cooling bills. I think you're gonna love it. So here's what you gotta do. Filter easy takes care of your air filters so you have time to take care of everything else. Head to filter easy.com/midas and use code Midas for 50% OFF your first order, plus FREE shipping forever. Once again, that's filter easy.com/midas for 50% OFF your first order, plus FREE shipping forever. And make sure you use our promo code Midas so they know we sent you. Thanks Filter easy.


And by the way, take a look at what these shelves look like right now at supermarkets. If you could even find eggs, If you could find dairy products, If you could find things. Here we go again. By the way, the FA a's main warning system for pilots, well that was gone for like a day and a half. Great work on after two plane crashes. The main warning system was also down. Most people didn't know about that. That's, you know, no people don't wanna fly planes anymore. Listen to this comment. I spoke with the owner of a small New York manufacturing firm. Most of his sales are exports, biggest markets, Canada, China, and Europe. He never thought Trump would actually impose tariffs.


Figured it was just campaign talk. If they go into effect, which they have, he fears will have to lay off most of his 65 employees. Well, they're going to this one. My friend is a crypto investor and voted for Trump. The crypto community was so happy when Trump got elected and my friend snubbed me for voting for Kamala. Then after Trump, Melania launched their meme coin, my friend's crypto portfolio went down 60 to 70%. Even though he did not buy the Trump nor Melania means he lost 60 to 70% because people sold their crypto, which he was heavily invested in to buy the Trump Melania memes, which caused the value of his own crypto investments. A dick, a nosedive. When Trump's inside traders sold their Trump meme, all the investors in the Trump meme lost billions of dollars combined And there was no many money to invest back into his crypto projects that they were originally in.


Trump's inside trading was problematic and caused lots of issues. There's more right here. This is from millennial conservative. This is a a conservative message board who's saying there's plenty of government agencies that need to go, but OSHA now Trump and Musk are trying to get rid of osha. We need the osha. It saves lives. You have Republican senator Susan Collins talking about how the tariffs are gonna hurt her state of Maine. Remember Susan Collins is the one who goes, I am shocked. I tell you, I'm so shocked and I'm hurt. I'm going to say how surprised and disappointed I am at this. Okay, really? I mean, come on.


Carmack 55 on these message boards saying, dozens of female Republican officials who have been fired by the Trump administration's anti DEI policies, they're complaining that Trump's firings were supposed to be according to race, not gender. More people on the Fox YouTube channel and the Fox message boards are saying this, I supported him for lower prices And there were a lot like me. We will never defend this. This is the worst decision he has ever made with the trade war. No one wins in trade wars, just means higher prices. I will never vote Republican again. If they don't speak out what happened to lower prices? Then someone goes, Trump and his cabinet full of billionaires care less about the cost of living for normal people, but at least he's renaming the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of America, more from the small government conservative message boards.


What's the point of tax in Canada? Like for real? This is the definition of a pissing contest. What the F man? What's the goal of all of this? I'm worried this is going to bite us hard causing prices to skyrocket. I'm in the construction industry, would be lying if I said I wasn't nervous on this rollercoaster. Here we have more conservatives realizing that Trump's tariffs on Canada may not be the best idea. So wait, Canada's putting retaliatory 25% tariffs on over $100 billion of American imports. It won't hurt America as much as Canada, but it will hurt. This is just the stupidest timeline. We're allies asking Canada to pay more for NATO makes a ton of sense. Asking Canada to secure the borders.


Only fair, although I'll point out much more crime actually moves from America into Canada than the other way around. And maybe a few trade concessions, like changing some trade policies related to agriculture and dairy goods might make sense. But this is getting into a fist fight with a country that for 100 years has wanted nothing but friendship and free trade. Wild. Now, what's wild is, is that you bought what this con artist Donald Trump was selling. Wasn't this so obvious. More people who were saying, you know, oh, this is, you know, woe is me. How horrible this all is. And by the way, I think in South Dakota you have the, the Lutheran Faith, organ Lutheran Family Services organizations, I think tends to, you know, in South Dakota vote a certain way.


And now they're saying that these payments are illegal. And Elon Musk is saying that he's shutting down unilaterally. He's deciding that he's going to shut down payments. To which I show you this meme right here of former President Biden, who I had the honor of interviewing in the Roosevelt Room of the West Wing of the White House. And he goes, wasn't so well we, we wrote, this wasn't so bad when shit was sleepy. Now was it? Let's try to get to 5 million subscribers. Hit subscribe. Thanks for watching, we appreciate you. Let's keep growing this Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.