
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit Chem Dry dot com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit Chem Dry dot com today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From Fleet Management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions, enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your businesses on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world, find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the ConEst jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to vori.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Hi, I'm Kristin Bell. Carvana makes car buying easy. Isn't that right, hun? Dax Dax, Sorry. Did You know about this seven day money back guarantee A week to evaluate seat coms, you say A week of terrain tests. Yeah, I can test the brake pad resistance at variable speeds. Make sure all the kids' stuff fits nicely. Make sure our stuff fits nicely. Oh, the right Still need to buy the car getting ahead of ourselves here. Buy your car with Carvana today.


In normal times, impeachment would be the worst of the worries of a vile and pathetic president who engaged in the behavior that is happening in our plain view. The felon, the fraud, the sexual abuser. Donald Trump is bragging on social media about getting a $400 million gift from Qatar in the form of a 7 47 jet with gold-plated walls, gold-plated toilets, gold-plated beds, not just for Donald Trump to now use as Air Force one. Can we say massive security threat and massive security breach?


Oh yeah. As part of this gift, Donald Trump gets to keep the 7 47 after he leaves office as part of his hypothetical presidential library. So just a $400 million at least. I think that's understating a gift from Qatar directly to Donald Trump to use as Air Force One. Are you kidding me? If that doesn't make you pissed, well then Donald Trump goes around and says, we fixed inflation. Everything is great. Prices are so much lower. Aren't you rich? Now don't you feel great again?


No, Donald, you are a scammer. You are a Ponzi schemer and what you're doing with your trade war against the world, reckless and careless, going around and disparaging the United States' reputation across the world, while enriching yourself is obvious for all to see. Take a look, Donald Trump's posting about it here was his post last night. So the fact that the Defense Department is getting a gift free of charge of a 7 47 aircraft to replace the 40-year-old Air Force one temporarily in a very public and transparent transaction, so bothers the crooked Democrats that they insist we pay top dollar for the plane.


Anybody can do that. The Dems are world class losers. Maga, as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski writes Trump's quote, very public and transparent transaction on the cutter jet Grift only came to light after confidential sources told A, B, C, and others about it. So Donald Trump then needs to distract from the fact that he's done another deal to enrich himself. And by the way, we could get into it as well. In addition to the $400 million plane, Donald Trump is building resorts in Qatar.


Donald Trump is building resorts in Oman, paid for by the Saudi Sovereign Wealth Fund, the Abu Dhabi Sovereign Wealth Fund, using $2 billion of Trump crypto. Donald Trump Jr. Creating a club called the Executive Branch, which costs 500 thou thousand dollars to join, which Don Jr. Leads with the quote unquote crypto czar, a guy named David Sachs, and they throw parties at five star hotels for access. With all of that going on, how's Trump going to distract? Well, his next one is claiming that he is lowering prescription drug prices by 30% to 80% based on price controls that he is unilaterally implementing.


So here's what went down yesterday. First he posts the following, my next truth will be one of the most important and impactful I have ever issued. Enjoy exclamation point. And by the way, we should not ever neglect how Orwellian is to call his lies truths. I just want to point it out there. And then he sends this big blob of a paragraph, I'll go through some of it, which he basically says that he's going to implement something called an MF and a most favored nation's clause against pharmaceutical companies. He says that if a pharmaceutical company is selling a drug at a price that is lower than in the United States, that pharmaceutical company has to do that, not just abroad, but also in the United States.


Now, in theory, that is great imp practicality. Donald Trump said he was gonna do that in 2020, but did not do that. And rather than addressing, I think the systemic issue first of making sure there is access to healthcare, ensuring universal healthcare, that everybody gets the best healthcare. What I see is this is another gimmick where Donald Trump, via an unlawful executive order, is going to do more Ponzi scheme, more rug pulling, where his people believe, oh my God, if I just wait a little longer, 30% to 80% off my prescription drug prices, that's going to be incredible.


I think that would be incredible. Like let's be real. I think that Trump is a vile fraud, felon, sexual predator. He is. All of those things. If he got 30% to 80% reductions in prescription drug prices and healthcare costs, I would celebrate that. That would be incredible and a massive accomplishment. But what Trump is doing with price controls via an executive order is he's dangling hope and carrots in front of his base. That's never going to actually occur, but they think it is. And then he's just gonna drag it out, drag it out, and blame others for not achieving it. So let me just show you what it is that he posted.


He goes, for many years, the world has wondered why prescription drugs and pharmaceuticals in the United States of America were so much higher in price than they were in other nations. I agree with that sometimes being five to 10 times more expensive than the same drug manufactured in the exact same laboratory or plant by the same company. I agree. That's insane. It was always difficult to explain and very embarrassing because in fact there was no correct or rightful answers. So stipulated, I agree. But pause there. Then why did all of these MAGA groups and right-wing groups sue former President Biden, when he tried to implement policies to reduce prescription drug prices?


Why did your people, your MAGA Republican leaders block this stuff from being implemented if you're being genuine? But go on. He goes on to talk about how he goes, how he's gonna implement these price controls. He says, by implementing a most favored nation's clause, he says, and he goes, prescription drug and pharmaceutical prices will be reduced almost immediately by 30% to 80%. They will rise throughout the world in order to equalize and for the first time bring fairness to America. I will be instituting a most favored nation's policy. By the way, do I think that if you can reduce prescription drug prices and make 'em lower in America than they are in the rest of the country, it would be great.


The Magar Republicans are the people who say that they're against price controls. All of this stuff is price controls. My view is if you want to repair our healthcare system, you have universal coverage. You make healthcare a human right, you make it accessible and affordable. The reason why healthcare costs are cheaper in the rest of the world is because mostly all other countries other than the United States have a form of universal healthcare where the prices are low because the government negotiates with the healthcare providers. If you want to enter the market, you have to pay, you have to make your drugs cheaper.


That's what, let me be very clear, that's what President Biden did to have a, have the government negotiate down Medicare prices. He wanted to do that across the system, and the Trumpers voted against it. It's why I know this is a gimmick, and it's just one of those things where he goes, I'm gonna try to do it 80%. And what's the timing of this? The timing of this is the cutter jet. So Trump wants to distract from his $400 million jet. Look what I'm doing. I'm gonna get you 80% off. And the problem is it's not true. And people are going to hold out hope and it ain't gonna happen. Although I hope it happens.


Let's talk about this other, I think, big piece of news from the weekend, although I think it is important that we always have to look at what the details are with everything, and then we have to also ask what is the policy behind it? So there were two days of negotiations between the United States and China over the 145% tariffs that the United States imposed on China and America imposed tariffs on the rest of the world as well. After day two, the United States issued kind of two different statements. One from Treasury secretary Scott Besson who said substantial progress was made.


Then the United States trade representative, Jameson Greer said that there was actually an agreement reach separately. China's commerce department and their lead negotiator in China described that there was some consensus that was formed to lead to other, to lead to other talks. We'll, we'll see what develops today. But here's my overall question, right? The Trump regime says that tariffs are amazing. That they're incredible, that everybody's going To get rich. That's why over the past, You know, whatever, since that liquidation or great recession day, which Trump calls Liberation Day, he said, that solves everything we get rich.


So I'm just trying to be logical here. If tariffs are great and makes everybody rich and everything's amazing, then why would they be negotiating in Switzerland to remove the tariffs? And why is the media referring to this as a deal when it is simply Donald Trump removing either all or some, or pausing the problem that he created? We need to speak accurately on these events and stop acting like these are some five dimensional chess deals. When it's Trump, as the arsonist creating the fire, everybody recognizes it's a fire he puts out some of his own fire.


That's not a deal. It's not a comprehensive trade policy at all. And if you wanna just take a look for example, at what the s and p looks like over the past year or so, you'll see that it is still trading down still overall with all of this. That's not what winning looks like. Okay? And And if we remove and pause the tariffs, what was the point of doing all of this? Stopping the ships, stopping containers from getting here, causing long shoremen jobs and truckers jobs. Americans suffered because of this. Americans are suffering because of this.


Inflation is not going down. Inflation is going up, the economy's not doing good. The economy contracted in the first quarter. What was this for? Oh, lots of market manipulation so the rich can get richer and the rest of Americans can get screwed over in this chaos, and amongst all the chaos, Trump and his oligarchs can feast and exploit. We the people, as I've said before, keep this simple. If setting aside, if you're a Democrat, an independent, whatever, keep it simple. Okay? Americans are getting screwed over by deca millionaires and oligarchs and people who want to hoard their wealth.


If you are working a job, you should be paid with dignity. You should be able to afford a home. And you should not be worried that you're gonna get kicked out, that you can pay your rent. To me, that's what we should be focusing on rather than gimmicks of, I'm issuing an executive order on healthcare. We should make sure every American has healthcare, that healthcare is cheap when it comes to education. Education should be a right. Every American should get top-notch education, not see a Trump regime, cut education and cut libraries and cut universities and cut things that really matter to, to help people. I'm, I'm not okay with that.


And we should feel safe when we get on an airplane. We should feel safe in our country. We shouldn't have to hear stories like this. Breaking a new air traffic control equipment outage was at Newark. Again, FAA advisory showed the ground stop lasted for about 45 minutes. This comes after a 92nd long radar and radio outages on May 9th and April 28th. And I don't want to see a public servant. That's what a president is, a public servant. The word is servant in there. Serve the people. That's your priority. Doing deals with country after country, the Trump branded projects have 20 open or in progress deals with various countries across the world to enrich Donald Trump.


Donald Trump and his family got over $4 billion richer over the past 100 days. Meanwhile, they've destroyed the lives of veterans. They've destroyed the lives of hardworking Americans. They've ripped apart our government. And now we have to wait till what hurricane season and then find out that FEMA's understaffed. We have to see other natural disasters take place only for the Trump regime to deny emergency relief like we saw in red states and blue states. We're gonna have to see a budget prepared where Medicaid gets cut and people can't access healthcare.


But I'm glad that I'm being sarcastic here, that Donald Trump gets a golden 7 47 airplane paid for by cutter. Okay? We're gonna have to what? In a normal times you would have to rip that plane apart. Check for bugs. Do you think they're gonna do that? No, because Donald Trump doesn't even think it's a big deal when his Department of Defense, head Secretary of the Department of Defense, Pete Heif, is having conversations about classified information on signal and they don't think that's a problem. And there's at least 20 other communications like that taking place that we know of while predator drones are getting shot down over Yemen while two F eighteens were lost in the Red Sea.


That's the status here. Let's keep this conversation simple. And that's what we try to do here at the Midas Touch Network each and every day. Thank you so much for watching. Hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store dot Midas Plus touch.com.