
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm ready for my life to Change a, b, c tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck on up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins, we Going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on a, b, c and stream on Hulu.


Donald Trump just wrapped up a disastrous press conference in the Oval Office here. He says that the United States is doing very well with Russia and he says they're bombing the hell out of Ukraine and Ukraine doesn't have the cards. And that's why the US is doing well with Russia. It's horrifying. Here. Play this clip In the jobs Russia, if I may. President Putin is bombing Ukraine. Yeah. Do you still believe him when he tell you that he owns peace? You know, I, I believe him. I believe him. I think we're doing very well with Russia, but right now they're bombing the hell out of Ukraine and Ukraine.


I'm, I'm finding it more difficult, frankly, to deal with Ukraine And they don't have the cards. They don't have the Yeah. Now it's just a bizarre scene in the White House says Donald Trump says that Putin is hitting Ukraine harder. He keeps on saying that, but he says, that's how you know Putin wants peace. He's doing what he should be doing. He's hitting them harder. He says, here, play this clip, Peter. It it's a lot of soldiers on both sides. I agree. Do you, Mr. President, think that Vladimir Putin is taking advantage of the US pause right now on intelligence and military aid to Ukraine? No, I actually think he's doing what anybody else would do. I think he's, I think he wants to get it stopped and settled and I think he's hitting him harder than, than he's been hitting him.


And I think probably anybody in that position would be doing that right now. He wants to get it ended and I think Ukraine wants to get it ended, but I don't see it's, it's crazy. They, they're taking tremendous punishment. I don't quite get it, but I suspect Michael, he probably wants to get it ended. He, He does. Mr. President, the Russians are taking incredible losses on the front as the president has said. They both have. This is a meat grinder of people, of material of, of national treasure and no one else has any solutions except to let this war continue forever. But I'll add Yeah, absolutely despicable here. The reporter asked Donald Trump, you said Russia is pounding Ukraine harder, so why not provide Ukraine with any air defenses?


Watch Trump's response doing, We're doing a good job. We're doing a good job. Mr. President, In regards to the pause on military assistance to Ukraine, you put out on your social media post today that Russia is pounding Ukraine. That's right. Why not provide Ukraine with air defenses? And what happens Mr. President, when Ukraine runs out of, well, because The Patriot? Yes. Good question. Because I have to know that they wanna settle. I don't know that they want to settle. If they don't want to settle, we're out of there because we want them to settle and I'm doing it to stop death. Donald Trump is then asked if he's concerned about the large scale federal government layoffs weakening the labor labor market.


And Donald Trump says, large scale fentanyl here, play this clip. Are You that, that the large scale federal government layoffs will weaken the labor market? How concerned are you about the Large scale fentanyl? What the federal Government layoffs will impact the labor market, will weaken the labor market? Oh No, I think the labor market's gonna be fantastic, but it's gonna have high paying manufacturing jobs as opposed to government jobs. We, Donald Trump is asked how much longer Americans should expect things to cost more and Trump says, look, there's some disturbances. There may be disturbances. That's what they're calling it here. Play this clip address Millions of Americans. Watch your joint address earlier this week where you warned that there could be a little disturbance that Americans could feel as a function of these taxes, these tariffs.


How much disturbance are you willing to accept in the near term as a function of that and to set expectations? How long should Americans expect things to cost a bit more? Well, so far, Peter, there hasn't been very much because these numbers are coming out. We're, we're here for just a little over four weeks and these are fantastic numbers. You, I was watching some of the reports this morning. They were surprised there could be some disturbance, a little bit of disturbance. I solved a little bit of that because I have respect for our auto companies, and I gave them a little bit of a one month reprieve because it was a, it was unfair, although I'm sure they'll take advantage of it. I see they're driving a lot of cars into the US to try and avoid the tariffs and, you know, taking advantage of it a little bit.


But they were, they called me, they asked me, they said, could they have a little bit of, Just so you see also earlier in the day, one of the new phrases that we're hearing from the White House and the Trump administration is a, a detox that we all need to experience a detox, which is kind of short-term pain, but it will be for long-term. Good. Here is Trump's treasury Secretary Scott Bestin, using that term detox here, play this clip. Could we be seeing that the, this economy that we inherited starting to roll a bit? Sure. And look, there's going to be a natural adjustment as we move away from public spending, the private spending, the, the market and the economy have just become hooked and we've become addicted to this government spending.


And there's gonna be a detox period. There's gonna be a detox period. Yeah. I think just so you see also how Fox is spinning this all before Trump's disastrous oval office appearance. Here's Maria Barter Roma calling, what's about to happen? Biden's recession. Let's play it. That, That's, by the way, that's why I said earlier it would be Biden's recession. And I know exactly the haters out out there will slam me later. Exactly. Exactly the other day something. And they went nuts on me, on Twitter on X that I said, well, here Bar is again talking about that, let's play it. You know, I mean, Joel Lindsay Group came out with a report a couple of weeks ago that I've mentioned a few times. Can Doge induce a recession? No, it can't.


Okay, you're not gonna get a recession just from Doge. Now there are other things that have happened in this economy with this slowdown. We could see a recession, but it's not gonna happen just because they're cutting waste and abuse out of this government. Joel. Right. Let's go back to the Oval Office for Donald Trump's disastrous press conference. He says, actually things are fantastic labor ma labor markets are fantastic, everything is great. He says, even though the jobs report was far lower than expectations, let's play it. President Trump, with those remarks, the federal government layoffs Will impact the labor market, will weaken the labor market. Oh no, I think the labor market's gonna be fantastic, but it's gonna have high paying manufacturing jobs as opposed to government jobs.


We had too many people in government. You can't just do that. We had many, many too many. This is for 40 years, you know, this isn't just now this built up and got worse and worse and they just hire more and more people. You look at Department of Education, it seems like so many buildings I I ride by it says Department of Education. They're all over the place and we don't even want it. We want the education to be given by the states. It'll be much better. It'll be Then Donald Trump lies and says that the United States of America is in for 350 billion for Ukraine and Europe only did 100 billion. Those numbers are just false. Europe's given more money than the United States to Ukraine.


And it's easy to find out how much money the United States gave, which is like 150 billion, still a lot of money. But Trump always uses the false numbers. I mean, you can literally see how much Congress appropriated by just looking at the numbers here, play this clip. So we're In for $350 billion and Europe is in for a hundred billion dollars. They should be in for the same or more than us. And you know, I, I watched over the last week or so what's going on in Europe? This thing could end up in World War iii. If we don't get it settled, Then Trump touts job gains for native-born Americans. Let's play it. But under the first full month of President Trump, which we haven't even gotten started yet, an incredible 93% of all job gains were the private sector.


So that just, that statistic just came out. Big gains for native born Americans. For the first time in 15 months, the job gains for native born Americans, for American people, people born in America exceeded job gains for migrant and foreign born workers. This is the first time that's happened in more than 15 months, employment for native born workers went up by 284,000 while foreign born workers went down by 87,000. Right over here, Donald Trump talks about, what're really doing here is we're freeing up our forest from environmental nonsense here, play this clip.


But our numbers are a tiny fraction of that almost nonexistent. And what we're doing is freeing up our forest from the environmental nonsense that they put on 'em where you can't cut down a tree and we have to cut down trees in order to build the firewalls. And those trees are sold, but we're gonna, we're freeing it up on an emergency basis because Canada has been ripping us off for years on tariffs for lumber and for dairy products. 250%. Nobody ever talks about that 250% tariff, which is taking advantage of our farmers. So that's not gonna happen anymore. Actually, Donald Trump is firing the federal workers who actually deal with forest cleanup in states like California and elsewhere.


And also Donald Trump is directing like the Army Corps of Engineers to dump reservoirs into farmland, which basically is owned by Republicans in California in kind of the central northern areas, not reaching Southern California where the fires are because Trump wanted to say he turned on a faucet, can't make this stuff up. And by the way, the Federal Army Corps engineer workers knew that they were going to flood the land of people, of them having nothing to do with the fires. Nowhere even close to where the fires were. And the fires had stopped at that point. Anyway, here's Brooke Rollins, the Secretary of Agriculture. She's the one in the clip that I showed you a few days back who said Americans should start buying chickens because there's no eggs.


And that's the way to deal with the surge in egg prices. Every American needs to own a chicken. And here she says, look folks, we're in a revolution. This is what we should all expect when you're in a revolution. You'll have to experience this detox in this pain, play this clip As I'm going to the hill. And and part of my message has been Charlie, when, when you're in a revolution and you are significantly reducing the size of government, nothing will be perfect. It will be imperfect. There will be mistakes made. But this sort of shaking up the whole system and, and, and almost restarting it in a way, there's not gonna be another opportunity, I believe perhaps in our lifetimes to do exactly what we're doing. Now Hell are they talking about, and here's Donald Trump speaking with Maria Barter Roma in a fuller interview that will air later where she's like, can you just give us some clarity for the business community?


Can you just maybe speak in a sentence to which Donald Trump does not do that here, play this clip. Can You give us a sense of whether or not we are going to get clarity for the business community? Well, I think so, but you know, the tariffs could go up as time goes by and they may go up and, you know, I don't know if it's predictability. I think that, so that's not clarity. No, I think, I think that they say that, you know, it sounds good to say, but for years the globalists, the big globalists have been ripping off the United States. They've been taking money away from the United States and all we're doing is getting some of it back. And then finally you have Trump's treasury secretary Scott Besant again going on CNBC and saying, look, stock market's going down.


Good thing, good thing people don't like good stock markets. Is what? That's if you're like, no way. They're arguing that. Yeah, I'll, I will show you that. That's the argument here. Play this clip. If we ever went down 20% on the Nasdaq or 15% on the s and p with people that want Trump to fail, that's gonna be splayed across every newspaper in the world. I'm just wondering whether the tolerance for something like that for the administration. Well, Look, as you said, Joe Market was up 20% right last year. 20% is, so There's some house money you're playing. No, no, no, no. I I I'm gonna put it another way. Okay. The, did the Biden administration succeed? The American people weren't buying it just 'cause the market was up.


They voted out the, they voted out the Democrats question related To the regulatory or deregulatory agenda, which I think is, well, there you have it folks.


I wanna give a shout out also to our friends at SnapStream. Thanks for everything that you do. So the way we get these clips is through SnapStream and it's a software that lets us go in and we can, you know, goes into the, the cable network so we can kind of clip it. So ason does that. Aaron Ruper, who doesn't work for us, but he's incredible. I know he uses SnapStream as well. Ason uses SnapStream. So shout out to them. And if you're all are interested in how you can use SnapStream, I'll put a link below as well and you can click it and reach out to them. 'cause they do a great job.


Thanks everybody and have a good one. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.