
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck's, GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bet that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Imagine you're a business owner relying on a dozen different software programs. Each one disconnected, more expensive and more complicated than last. It can be incredibly stressful right now, picture odu ODU brings all the tools your business needs into one simple platform, CRM, accounting, inventory, manufacturing, marketing, HR, and more. All seamlessly connected. Everything works together, giving you the peace of mind that your business is running smoothly from every angle. Odus open source applications are user friendly and designed to scale with your business. Save you time and money. Say goodbye to juggling multiple platforms and hello to efficient integrated management. Stop wasting resources on complicated systems and make the switch to DU today. Visit du.com OD o.com and discover how DU can simplify and streamline your business operations. DU modern management Made simple.


This has been a terrible Sunday for Donald Trump, but frankly for the entire United States. As we're seeing the ramifications of Donald Trump's military strikes in Iran where he and Netanyahu essentially went it alone, we're learning that the Fordo nuclear site was not even entirely destroyed. It appears to have been damaged, but again, not entirely destroyed, which was the central mission, which does not seem to have been a success. We're also now learning that here's the response from Iran's ministers.


America must receive a response for their aggression, which was on a call between Iran's top leaders and France. The United States is now ordering family and non-emergency govern government personnel to leave Lebanon immediately. Our top threat assessment within the United States government is that the United States now faces a heightened terrorism threat. As a result, the Iranian foreign minister are a gii, is planning on visiting Moscow on Monday to meet with Vladimir Putin. This was reported by NBC first.


He said he plans to travel to Moscow on Monday to meet with Putin to discuss how they can be jointly responding to the United States attack on the nuclear sites. China has issued a statement strongly condemning the United States attacks on Iran and bombing of nuclear facilities. The actions of the US seriously violate the purposes and principles of the UN charter and international law. That's what China put out in a statement. It was originally reported also that Iran's parliament has approved the closing of the Horus Strait.


That's where all of the oil tankers have to pass through when they're traveling with all of the oil, all of it from the Middle East, you shut down the hormo straight, the strait of Hormo and oil becomes essentially inaccessible and unaffordable in the United States. It was reported that the top security body in Iran is now making the final call after Parliament approved it. There was then a wrinkle on that, that it wasn't a formal approval by the Parliament, but they gave unanimous consent to shut down the strai of Horus. But the decision now lies with these Supreme National counsel in terms of how they intend to retaliate.


Here is a statement, formal statement issued by Iran's foreign minister Saed ar Geechee says The following, last week we were in negotiations with the US when Israel decided to blow up that diplomacy this week we held talks with the E three and eu. When the US decided to blow up that diplomacy, what conclusion would you draw to Britain and the EU high rep, it is Iran, which must quote, return to the table. But how can Iran return to something? It never left, let alone blew up. Here's what we're hearing from as well from Russia. Russia's former president and Prime Minister Med Vided put out the following statement.


What did the Americans achieve with their night strike? On three points in Iran, critical infrastructure of the nuclear cycle in Iran appears to have suffered little or no damage enrichment of nuclear materials. And now we can say directly and future production of nuclear weapons will continue. A number of countries are ready to directly supply Iran with their nuclear weapons. Israel is under attack, explosions are thundering. People in panic. The US is now drawn into a new conflict with the prospect of ground operations. That's coming from Russia's former president and Prime Minister Med Ude.


Moments ago you had United States Vice President, JD Vance. He was on the morning shows and he was asked, what's the difference between Donald Trump starting or being embroiled now in a war with Iran versus everything you JD Vance and Donald Trump had been saying before that it's the stupidest thing in the world to do. It would take the dumbest person, only the stupidest negotiators would ever get into a war in Iran. This is part of the NeoCon establishment. And here, JD Vance this morning says, I empathize with Americans who were tired of 25 years of foreign entanglements, but now we've got Donald Trump who's a genius.


And before we had stupid presidents, so now we have the greatest president. But then we had dumb presidents. So that's the difference. He, he actually used those words basically. You can hear him for yourself. I paraphrased a little bit, but he basically said that. So let's play that clip. And the second thing is, Kristen, I I, I certainly empathize with Americans who are exhausted after 25 years of foreign entanglements in the Middle East. I understand the concern, but the difference is that back then we had dumb presidents and now we have a president who actually knows how to accomplish America's national security objectives. So this is not gonna be some long drawn out thing we've got in.


We've done the job of setting their nuclear program back. We're gonna now work to permanently dismantle that nuclear program over the coming years. And that is what the president has set out to do. Simple. I think it's also important that we know some of the other geopolitical ramifications of things that are taking place.


It's why the research tools that I use. I wanna focus on what's left media covering, what's right wing media covering, what's center media covering. Because even when stories like this are reported, the right wing media never talks about it. A confidential brief to the ICC International criminal courts accuses Russia, linked Wagner of promoting atrocities in the west, how Russian media and right wing media is interlinked with Russian media and, and right wing media here in the United States as well. Here's a story that I think is being under reported, how a lot of the top people in the United States military worked for Palantir. The AI company that's gaining access to all of your personal data and compiling a list of everybody in the United States for Donald Trump meta and open ai. These corporations, remember all those people sending kind of front row during the inauguration. A lot of the people who work there are now basically at top positions now in the military as well. Just the research tool that I use. So you know, 'cause I get asked that all the time. I might as well tell you here, it's called ground news. It's essential for me to see where the bias lies and try to correct for it. If you want to use the research tool that I use, go to ground news slash MTN or scan the QR code right there. We're gonna give our viewers 40% off of ground nears top tier vantage plan use the tools I use. Again, it's also subscriber funded. They don't rely on ads that could introduce bias and subscribe supports our ined independent media network as well. Ground news slash MTN or scan the QR code and get that 40% off.


As I was noting before, that's what JD Vance was saying in this morning. Here's what Pete Hegseth had to say this morning as well. He held a press conference earlier and it was just basically praising Donald Trump for everything. Oh this, this was the greatest, this was the greatest thing ever. Here's what Hegseth had to say. I wanna give congratulations to our commander in chief. It was an honor to watch him lead last night and throughout and to our great American warriors on this successful operation. God bless our troops, God bless America, and we give glory to God for his providence and continue to ask for his protection.


Xi was then asked if there's a possibility that Iran, North Korea and other forces such as China are now gonna join forces with Iran and retaliate. Does Iran, North Korea, China all join forces? He exit's responses to blame. Former President Biden play this clip. Iran and North Korea are cooperating on nuclear and missile development. Do you think there is a possibility that Iran, North Korea and the other forces such as China will join forces to retaliate against the United States?


Well, unfortunately, because of the policies under the previous administration, we drove those countries together and ultimately that creates a challenging environment for this particular operation. The focuses on Iran and Iranian nuclear capabilities. That's our focus here is to not just say that they can't have, but President Trump has said from over 20 years, frankly, Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. And ultimately he decided this is the moment given their stonewalling when direct military action had to be taken to prevent that from happening. Also, during the press conference this morning, the chairman of the joint chiefs was asked, do you believe that some nuclear ability remains?


And he says that they don't have all that information yet, but as we now know, the four dough facility does not seem to be fully destroyed, which is a big problem. And it seems that the United States government once again lied to us yesterday the same way. They've always not, the Trump has been lying to us. And when you had Tulsi Gabbard say 90 days ago that Iran was not capable of making a nuclear weapon. But anyway, here's what the reporter asks. Do you believe some nuclear ability in Iran remains? Here's what they say. Play this. Clip Me. Yeah. So is regime change off the table, Mr. Secretary and to the chairman? You know, you, you said the battle damage assessment is still ongoing, but do you believe that some nuclear capability in Iran remains This mission was not and has not been about regime change?


The president authorized a precision operation to neutralize the threats to our national interests posed by the Iranian nuclear program and the collective self-defense of our troops. Troops and our ally Israel. Thanks for your question. I think BDA is is still pending and it would be way too early for me to comment on what may or may not still be there, but thanks for the question. Then you have JD Vance and Marco Rubio, secretary of State Rubio and Vice President Vance. They were going on TV and they're pretending like we're not in a war with Iran right now. And again, just how weak and pathetic do they look?


I mean, y'all took B two bombers and hit Iran's sites. You didn't destroy it and now you want to pretend that we're not at war and that it's just a one and done and everything's okay. Everybody for real. This is what they were saying this morning. Here you have Kristin Wilker asking, JD Vance is the United States now at war with Iran. And he says, no. Well, you may want to ask the Iranians what they think here at play. This clip Question, Mr. Vice President is the United States now at war with Iran? No, Kristen, we're not at war with Iran. We're at war with Iran's nuclear program. And let me just say Kristen, that we're incredibly grateful and proud of the American Air Force pilots who did an incredible job last night.


The the And then Maria bar on Fox asks Rubio and Rubio says no again. You may want to ask Iran what they think about that playlist clip now at War with Iran. No, we're not. This is not a war against Iran. This is, this is very simple. You know, 67 days ago, the president of the United States sent the Iranians a letter and it said, you're not gonna have nuclear weapons. You're not gonna have a militarized nuclear program. Let's negotiate. I want to do this diplomatically. I want to do this peacefully. They played, they tried to play him along the way. They've played every American president for the last 35 years. And you know, the president told them, if we don't get a deal, which is what he wanted, then I'll have to handle it differently.


And that's what he did last night. He handled it differently. But that was an Iranian choice. We didn't make that choice. They did, by playing games with Donald Trump, they made a huge mistake. And President Trump acted last night. And I think the world today is safer and, and more stable than it was 24 hours ago. And a bunch of these countries putting out statements condemning us privately. They all agree with us that this needed to be done. They gotta do what they gotta do for, you know, their own public, public relations purposes. But the only people in the world that are unhappy about what happened in Iran last night is the regime in Iran. Have You, so what has Donald Trump been doing? Well, before the strikes took place, he was at his golf club in Bedminster, posing for posing with thumbs up for the new members of Bedminster and the family members of Bedminster, of new members.


Patriot Takes account, found this photo there it is, a photo surfaced of Trump this weekend wearing his golf clothes at Bedminster after military personnel were being deployed to the Middle East. That's how he was spending his time there. Also, you have Donald Trump posting the following this morning, great unity in the Republican party, perhaps unity like we've never seen before. Now let's get the great big beautiful bill done. Our country is great Maga exclamation point. So he's like, all right, we're done. Well, I've moved on, I moved on to the next topic. Sure, I've lit the whole Middle East on fire, joined a war, but let's, we talk about the disastrous budget bill that's gonna take healthcare away from 15 million Americans now and give trillions of dollars in tax cuts to billionaires and screw over working class and hardworking people and take away food stamps and housing and attack women reproductive rights and take away infrastructure jobs.


Yeah, I, I've moved on. I I'm done, I'm done talking about it. And by the way, now, as the threat of domestic terrorism of, of, of terrorism, rather in the United States has increased significantly still, of course domestic terrorism, but terrorism from abroad inside the United States increases. This is the guy who's in charge of the counter-terrorism at the Department of Homeland Security. And as Chris Murphy says, as our nation girds for possible Iranian terrorist attacks, this is the person Trump has put to head the counter terrorism. A 22-year-old who was a working in landscaping and he was a grocery clerk, but he was a big MAGA fan. So he got the job to be the 22-year-old kid, got the job to be the top of the head of counter counter terrorism with no prior experience.


Oh, also JD Van submitted when he was asked, when did Trump make the decision to strike JD Van said, no one really knew when we, we, we, no one had any clue. He just did it whenever played this clip, vice President. When did President Trump exactly make this decision and did he coordinate with Israel The president? Honestly, Kristin, I, I, I don't know that any of us knew exactly when the president made the decision except for the president himself. But if, if you back up a little bit, we engage in this diplomatic process. I think that he decided probably by mid-May, that this process was not going anywhere. And so he decided to issue some private ultimatums to the Iranians.


And that eventually, of course, we decided to destroy the four oh nuclear facility and some of these other facilities ourselves. Well, that's what we're learning this morning. We'll keep you posted, updated with more information. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, pads, sweatshirts, and more. All at store dot Midas Plus touch.com.