
This is so good. So Donald Trump starts his speech in Detroit, Michigan. The crowd is pretty empty and then the equipment breaks, his microphone breaks. So then he's angrily pacing around until they can fix the microphone for like five, ten, fifteen minutes, just pacing back and forth, stewing in his own anger. Watch this. It's not love. It's not respect.


Then when the microphone is fixed, Donald Trump says that he's not going to pay the contractors play the clip. Thank you everybody. Thank you. So now what happens is I won't pay the bill for this stupid company that rented us this crap. I won't pay the bill. And then we'll have a story that Trump didn't pay the bill to a contractor. No. When they do the kind of a job, they'll pay the bill. That's terrible. They also had a little problem with energy coming into the building, but I'm not blaming it on that. But here's my plan.


Do we have fun? In fact, Donald Trump says if his microphone goes out again, he's going to sue the contractors and sue all of the workers who put on this event, play this clip. And this is important because we're doing things here that are really gonna be amazing. So let me know, and if it goes out again, I'll sue the ass off that company. We're gonna sue him. Then they'll say what a horrible guy Trump is. He's a terrible guy starting. In fact, you heard him say he's gonna sue their asses. He said, then Donald Trump blames the entire city of Detroit for his equipment breaking.


Let's play it. And I don't want him To, get up and use this crappy microphone that they sent. I don't want him to do that. I wanna keep him good and healthy. Unlike Trump. I want him to have his voice Tomorrow when I get up tomorrow and I can't speak, I'm gonna say, Detroit did it to me. But that's, By the way, here's CNN describing this rally with a pretty empty crowd. Here's how CNN described it. Let's play it. It dropped the ball. That's right. So We are are here in downtown Detroit. We're in this pretty large venue. You can't really tell Aaron from where you are. I mean, right behind you can see the crowd, but behind the camera where I'm speaking towards, it's actually pretty empty.


They have not been able to fill this. And I'll also tell you that it took us more than two hours. They were two hours delayed in getting us into the venue today. And so there are questions about, I'm told it was not a security issue according to two Secret Service official. So questions about whether they were, you know, changing some of the optics in here. So that's just one thing To then Donald Trump says that he's trying To get through the speech he's struggling. To get through. If he finishes, he said it will be the liberation for Donald J. Trump because it's hurting his voice. Speaking to the audience, play this clip. But November 5th, 2024 will be Liberation Day in America.


Mark that up. And when I get rid of this microphone, the end of the speech, it's gonna be Liberation Day for Donald J. Trump. 'cause I'm blowing out my voice. To, get this sucker done. I'm blowing out my voice, but I'm going, To, get through this speech because you're from Detroit. We're gonna turn this place around. We're gonna make sure that electric current comes into it like it liberation of Donald Trump. Goodnight folks. That'll be Donald Trump. Then glitches when trying to say Kamala. Play the clip As a Senator.


Kala. Oh, this one Fox has had enough. Then Fox. Fox cuts away from Donald Trump's event. Let's play it President. There are many different tax policies which could cripple the economy, but the first thing she wants to do is allow these Trump Tax cuts. So you've been listening to President Trump there in Detroit, Michigan. You heard him say that. People call him a protectionist, but he wants to protect you. The American people, you the American worker, explaining that quite clearly. But let's move now from Michigan, where you're watching President Trump to Pennsylvania. We're take a look right here. You see people then walking out of Donald Trump's rally right behind him as he's speaking. They've had enough.


I think they've had enough of being insulted by him play this clip. Their street gangs and their drug dealers and terrorists are now in our country. 21 million people came in under their rule and she was in charge of the border. She's a grossly incompetent person and we can't let this happen. We have To, get the hell out and vote and get 'em outta here.


The United States fall Is planting season. It's true. Many plants Actually do better when planted this time of year, but it could be hard to know where to start. That's why over 2 million Americans trust fast growing trees. The world's largest online nursery and the easiest way To get the yard you've always wanted. They have everything you could possibly want, like fruit trees, palm trees, evergreens house plants, and so much more. Whatever you're interested in, they have it for you. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast growing trees makes it easy to order online. And your plants are shipped directly to your door in one to two days. And along with their Alive and Thrive guarantee, they offer free plant consultation for I order a lemon tree from fast growing trees and planted it in front of my house. Now, every year I get the best tasting lemons just by walking outside. Plus my art smells like citrus. I convinced my friend to buy an avocado tree from fast growing trees and he raves about it. I made him bring me over a few, you know, as a little finder's fee, and I could say they were some of the best avocados I've ever had. The experts at fast growing trees curate thousands of plants so you could find the perfect fit for your specific climate, location, and needs. And right now they have the best deals online, up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get an additional 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout fast-growing trees.com code Midas offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


Speaking of that crowd, by the way, before Donald Trump took the stage, magar Republican extremist Congress member, Byron Donalds was addressing the crowd and he said, how many people are going to vote? How many people have voted already? I think it's like 19. People responded to that play this clip. You gotta get out and vote. Who here has voted already? That's pretty good. Who's getting out to vote tomorrow? Then Donald Trump delivers his closing argument to the audience and his closing argument is, get your fat ass off the couch. Play the clip.


Early voting is underway, so get everyone you know and go out and vote. Go tomorrow. It's just start and go and vote. Make sure you vote and bring all our friends that wanna vote for us. Tell 'em, Jill, get your fat husband off the couch. Get that, get that fat pig off the couch. Tell him to go and vote for Trump. He's gonna save our country. Get that guy the hell off our, get him up, Jill. Slap him around. Get him up. Get him up, Jill, we want him off the couch. To, get out and vote. Bring your friend.


Donald Trump acknowledges somebody in the audience and then says, enough, sit down. People had enough of you that insults the individual. Play the clip. Please raise your hand. Oh, we have a one guy. I think I have a feeling he won't be doing it when they, nah, thank you very much. Wait, good, thank you. Sit down. That's enough. That's enough. He's our friend, but that's enough. And endorsed. Let's also remember what Donald Trump was doing earlier in the day. He appeared to be falling asleep, nodding off during this event in Auburn Hills, Michigan. Play this clip. Coincidence, Not one of 'em had their gun outta their holster.


These weren't barricaded. Gunmen wasn't a bank robbery. These were ambushes. That's in Michigan. Three in 90 days and they never fired a shot. Never got their guns out. So let's not forget then what happened earlier in the day when Donald Trump was speaking with Fox and friends. It looks like he was, I think ultimately we, we uncovered. He was just sitting on his suit, his suit kind of drapes in the back like a cape. Many people initially were saying it looked like a washable black incontinence bed pad that he was sitting on. I don't think that's the case. You can tell me what you think. I think it was actually his suit. Anyway, going back to the event that Donald Trump was holding in Oakland County, Michigan, by the way, Donald Trump looking exhausted and feeble says, my life's so hard.


You think this is easy. I'm gonna go have to speak later in front of 10,000 people. Uhuh. That's not how many people you spoke in front of. And you humiliated yourself when you spoke. Later. Here, play this clip. We'll go Through it pretty quick, Dale, and then I'm going over to make a little speech in front of 10,000 people. You think this is an easy life I have, right? I go from here. I say, am I finished? They say, no, sir, you have one more speech. Oh, good. Where is it? Now that brings me to what former president Barack Obama said in his speech in Tucson, Arizona. He's like, look, if your grandpa was acting the way Donald Trump's acting, you'd be concerned. Here's former president Barack Obama putting it perfectly, especially given what we've just seen of Donald Trump at that disastrous event in Detroit.


Let's play it. He called himself the father of IVF. I do not know what that means. You do not either. He said January 6th was a day of love. Do not boo vote. May, may, may January 6th sound like it was Woodstock. You, you would be worried if your grandpa was acting like this. No, no. I'm, I'm not joking. You would, right?


You'd be you, you'd, you'd, you'd, you'd call up your cousins and you'd say, have you noticed? So imagine it coming from a guy who wants to be given unchecked power Tucson. We do not need to see what an older loo Donald Trump looks like with no guardrails. We have had enough of arrogance and bumbling and bluster and division. America's ready to turn the page. We're ready for a better story.


We are ready for a president Kamala Harris And here, former president Barack Obama talks about Donald Trump just nodding his head for 39 minutes straight at a town hall in Oaks, Pennsylvania. When Donald Trump just basically stopped talking and just started bobbing his head to like the YMCA here, watch this. I I I do have to point out that along with his intentions, there is also a question of his competence. Have you seen him lately? I mean, he is out there. He's given two, two and a half hour speeches, just word salads.


You, you, you have no idea what he, he's talking about. He's talking about Hannibal Lec. He is talking about this. He is talking about that he held a town hall meeting where he's, he, he just let, let me explain. 'cause I've done a lot of town hall meetings. The point of a town hall meeting is to take questions. He just decided, you know what, I'm gonna stop taking question. And then he swaying to Ave Maria and YMCA for about half an hour. Folks are standing there, not sure what's happening. Can you imagine if, if, if I did that?


Can you imagine if Ruben did that right in the middle? Now our playlist would probably be better. Way better, but, Well, there you have it folks. What a disaster for for Donald Trump. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.