
As the Democratic National Convention showcases truly the best of America, joy, a future forward looking vision, actual policies to better the lives of Americans, and really the whole entire world. In contrast, you have Donald Trump and MAGA, in my view, representing the worst of America from their hate to fearmongering to the division and culture wars. They want to stoke to Donald Trump sending out invitations for something. He's calling the January 6th award gala.


That's right. Donald Trump will be hosting at Bedminster according to this invite that he and the various MAGA groups are sending out an award ceremony to celebrate Insurrectionists for what's stated as their heroism and patriotism. There was a video drop that was released as well, celebrating the January 6th insurrectionist, a montage of Donald Trump praising them. Look as vice President, Kamala, Harris and Governor continue to surge in the polls. Donald Trump will continue to get more and more desperate, and his decaying MAGA movement will continue to get uglier and more grotesque.


It is our job in the pro-democracy community to continue to call this behavior out. Folks, this is the Midas Touch podcast and a programming note at the top of the show. This will be prerecorded. And what we're going to be focusing on this show so as to not make it duplicative of our DNC coverage is we're gonna focus on the news this past week. We'll touch upon some of the themes that have taken place at the DNC, but I'm not going to showcase all of the DNC clips because you can get that coverage in our other feed.


I wanna make sure we're covering some of the big news moments though of the past few days that we weren't able to cover on the Monday show, and look forward to the weekend as well, so you can be prepared and fully armed with all the pro-democracy news you need. I'm joined by Brett Jordy's, been at a separate podcast convention over the past few days, representing the Midas Touch network there as our network continues to grow. Thank Jordy for all of his hard work. And Brett, it's great to see you on this historic day, day four of the DNC Day four. I'm loving the energy this week, folks.


The energy is great. I am feeling inspired, I am feeling hopeful, and I know that a lot of you are feeling the same way. And Ben, I think it's so important though that we continue to do this show, like you said, because there are so many stories right now that are slipping through the cracks. Don't get me wrong, I am very happy that the Democratic National Convention is getting the attention that it deserves, and it's been such an incredible event, but there are so many other stories that we wanna be able to share with you. So I think the podcast here is important. And what a contrast Ben at this event, at the Democratic National Convention to the Republican National Convention. It's just hope versus hate.


It's the best of us versus the worst of us. And it's such an inclusive convention that we are seeing at the DNC. We are seeing Democrats, republicans, independents, all come together and rally around American democracy. And I think it's been so powerful to see fellow former Republicans and current Republicans speak out at the DNC, see people across the Democratic party speak out, see the powerhouses of these celebrities speak out. See the real stories of people being impacted by Trump policies speak out. It has been just a flawless convention, incredibly powerful, incredibly moving, and I cannot wait until the final night of the festivities.


Then, you know, we've been talking about Donald Trump leading his traveling fascist circus events that he calls rallies, not with the national anthem, but with the J sixth choir song. And Trump would always brag that his J six choir song got more downloads than Taylor Swift, which it did not. But he would go along and say that corporate media refused to cover that. Donald Trump is singing a song with some of the most violent of the insurrections. Frankly, if he made a song with Insurrectionists generally would be terrible. But this song's actually with the ones who are like the most violent, and Donald Trump continues to promote them. And he sent out an invitation.


Our team here at the Midas Touch Network exclusively broke this story. Another story broken by the Midas Touch Network. Thanks to again, all of you, Midas Mighty who contributed to grow midas.com to help grow this platform. And those who subscribe to patreon.com/ Midas Touch, our editorial team continues to expand, but that's right. Donald Trump is hosting a January 6th awards gala on September 5th, the event description quote, we gather to pay tribute to all January 6th defendants who have shown incredible courage and sacrifice. That is the horrific and despicable message that Donald Trump is putting out.


In normal times that would be disqualifying since in normal times, if a candidate spelled potato the wrong way when Yahoo the wrong way did a weird windsurfing photo or behaved in certain ways that raise red flags, even have the kind of scent of a red flag for the highest office in our land, our country once had standards. Well, a portion of our country still has standards. The silent majority still has standards, but corporate media normalizes this behavior. Corporate media refuses to make this front page news, but screw 'em.


That's why we got the Midas Touch network here where we're going to point this out. I don't think anything needs to be said other than the fact that hosting a January 6th awards gala is traitorous, is treasonous, celebrating January 6th in any form or fashion is despicable. The fact that this is the leader of the Republican party doing it speaks volumes of the mutation that has taken over the Republican party called the MAGA mutation. It has been heartening though, to see major Republican figures and people in the Trump administration, and we're gonna see more major Republican figures this evening as well, speaking out against MAGA that MAGA doesn't represent their conservative values.


We've seen groups form like the Evangelicals for Harris, the Republicans for Harris, and similar groups. And we've always been welcoming here in the pro-democracy community. This is a community of liberals, progressives, independence, and frankly, mainstream conservatives and mainstream Republicans. If you love our democracy, you love our constitution. And it's not just this performative way to say that, to take away people's freedoms, but you show it with your actions, protecting women's reproductive rights, treating all people with dignity and respect and equality, and frankly, actually living the values of our constitution and frankly, having moral character in general.


You're welcome to this pro-democracy community. So I wanted to talk about that at the outset of the show. There was another great moment and cspan captured it. I wanna give them credit because they were the initial camera people who were there at this event. Although Brett, I thought you and the editorial team at Midas did a great job taking that coverage and clipping it so that it had its full context. But also we put the subtitles on so people can hear this interaction. And it just goes to show you again, JD Vance can't do retail politics because he doesn't have real sense of who he is.


He's the most inauthentic person. So we covered, for example, when he was in Philadelphia and he was asking, first off, he went to the tourist trap Philly cheese steak place, like, not like the place that people who really go and eat Philly cheese steaks. So he goes to the tourist trap and he asked them about Swiss cheese. That's a big no-no. He went to a diner and yelled at his daughter for drinking the chocolate milk that his own advance team gave to his daughter. And his daughter only had like one sip of the chocolate milk. And it was a very kind of weird interaction there. Here's another example where he goes to this donut shop in Georgia and he just simply doesn't know how to order a donut.


It's like, it's one of these moments though, going back to what I said earlier, that lets me feel the spell of this MAGA is breaking right where people can go, oh, you spell potato wrong. Oh, you're doing a weird windsurfing photo. Oh, you're putting your dogs on the top of your roof, you know? Oh, you know, it, it makes us feel a little normal again. And this is a moment that the lack of normalcy being called out is actually a very normal moment in American politics. So watch this awkward Moment by JD Vance. Let's play it.


The Zoom has come to town. Thank you for letting us come in here. Yes sir. I'm sorry. I, she, she doesn't wanna be on film guys, so just cut her out of anything. I appreciate that man. I'm Katie, Dan, I'm vice president. Okay. How long have you worked here? I've been here since the beginning of July. Okay. This year. Okay, good. How about you, sir? Almost two years. Okay, good. Everything. Yeah. I mean a lot of glaze tears, some sprinkle stuff, somebody sending rolls. Just whatever makes sense. Always place it around About four years.


About four years. Okay. How long you been here? A little over six months. Okay, good. Okay. Okay, good. How long have been, okay, good. I need a little sprinkle. Can I get the little sprinkly thing? And I want to get the, the, the glaze thing right there because what an awkward interaction, Brett. Yeah. And it's like, I, I would say it's as if AI is interacting with humans, but I've actually seen AI have much more natural conversations than JD Vance interacting with the employees there. I think what it gets to is this issue of auth authenticity. And I think that's why we've seen so much momentum with the Harris Walls ticket. They ooze authenticity when you hear them speak.


And we'll show a, a at least a, a clip from the other night of Governor Walls and his incredible speech and what happened there. But when you hear Governor Walls, walls speak, you innately feel that he's the real deal. When you see the interaction between him and his family, you know that that love is real. When you see JD Vance out there, you see somebody whose inner monologue is probably Don't be weird. Don't be weird, don't be weird, please don't be weird, please. Oh shit, I was weird again. And that comes out when you see these awkward interactions in the most basic situations. I mean answering every question there. Okay, good. Okay, good. Okay, good. Like, like an absolute robot. It is just so cringeworthy. I had such secondhand embarrassment.


And they are certainly just, you know, when folks say these are some weird people, this is part of that, that we are seeing their kind of inability to understand just everyday Americans out there who are hardworking Americans trying to do their jobs and not be a part of a JD Vance photo op. I wanna show you this contrast though, that to me speaks volumes of the difference, not necessarily even a political level, but a humanity level between the DNC and how the Republicans are behaving and how they have behaved when this MAGA mutation has taken over.


So on the one hand, you had Governor Walls give this incredible speech last night where he gave a shout out to his daughter, hope his son Gus and his wife Gwen. He says, you are my entire world. And he says, and I love you. And you see tears on, on hope's eye, and you see Gus, his son, 17 years old, getting very emotional. Let me show you this clip first, then I want to contrast it with another, let's play it. Hope Gus and Gwen, you are my entire world and I love you.


I'm letting you in. So that image right there is kind of the perfect humanity, gut check. Like how do you respond to that? Do you think that that is a loving scene where a bond between father, son, daughter, and wife is demonstrated? Or do you see that as something that is off or strange or, or something else? Brett? Yeah, and I'll just add that for the audio listeners, that the moment that we saw as Tim Walls is speaking, we see his son and his daughter watching crying.


We see his son saying, I love you dad, as he sees his father on the highest stage in politics speaking during this incredibly powerful moment. So you have that image right to me, give you my opinion. That fills me with joy and love. It brings a tear to my eyes. That's was my reaction to it. So that's on the one hand right now, I want you to think about the fact that the MAGA Republicans have been trying to send Trump surrogates into the stadium in Chicago, into this place of joy to try to sow division. And you have Mike Lindell, for example, the fascist pillow guy who tried to overthrow the results of the 2020 election.


He shaved his mustache, he put on a hat, and he tried to go incognito to yell at 12 year olds. And we captured this moment in our live coverage. We caught it exclusively here on the Midas Touch network. This now famous clip of this brilliant 12-year-old Noah who was an invited guest of the chair of the DNC Jamie Harrison. And then you had the Trump surrogate, Mike Lindell yelling at this brilliant 12-year-old kid over and over again. And then Noah, the 12-year-old, held his own And, said, look, what are your sources?


Is are your sources? Trust me, bro. So I just want you to think about it because to me, what Mike Lindell does in this video that I'm sure you've all seen by now, if not, we're gonna play it, it takes on a broader context though, than just, here's this interaction. Look how, how sick it is. He's a yelling at a 12-year-old. To me, it's symptomatic of the joy that mag's trying to take away. Just leave us alone. Mind your own damn business. If, if you wanna act like that with, with your own people, do that. But stay away from our joy. Watch this clip that's In your state. You want know more in your state.


You don't found 250 Provid any Source. 257,000 votes. This happened last week. A judge ruled in Georgia that are missing from the 2020 election. So this just came out. You're behind. You, shouldn't you? So you, So your source is, trust me, bro. That's your source. Source. No, the source. It's in your papers in Georgia. You need to read your news. You haven't given any last name. You need To leave your news. No, this is your Georgia News. This is your, this is your thanks buddy. Have a good day, sir. I'm okay. He provided no facts, no sources. He refused to gimme the last name he said for privacy. But elected officials provide their last names if they want the votes. So I'm confused as to why his source was, trust me bro. Mike Lindell just got rolled by a 12-year-old.


That was such a powerful moment right there. And so I also now want you to think though about, I want you to see for yourself what all of the Republican, MAGA Republican, I should make the distinction because it, as we're seeing, there's a lot of mainstream normal conservatives and Republicans who are saying vote vice president cobbler. But this MAGA mutation, how are they responding to Governor Wall's? Son, Guss being so overwhelmed with joy that he was crying while his dad was speaking. You had Mike Crispy, one of these big influencers say, Tim Wall's stupid crying son.


Isn't the flex the left thinks it is. You raised your kid to be a puffy beta male. Congrats. Does Baron Trump cry? Nope. Does he love his father? Of course. That's the type of values I want leading the country. And then, and Coulter goes talk about weird and there's a photo of Governor Wall's, 17-year-old son Gus there. And you know, if you look at that statement by Mike Crispy though about like the being a, a puffy beta male or whatever it is right there, that's the language though of childless cat lady, right?


That, that's that echo chamber. That when JD Vance reinvented himself for the third or fourth time and, and changed his personality and his entire identity to be this kind of MAGA alpha, which is a weird concept, which doesn't really exist and is internally inconsistent concept to begin with. This is the language though that they use. So when these maga guys like the Crispies and the Vance's and all of these people attack postmenopausal women and spend time talking about it, it's through, it's through that echo chamber Yeah.


Of language that they use when they say, oh, the postmenopausal woman should only be focused on raising their grandkids, or the childless cat lady is the biggest threat to our nation. It's, it's that messaging. It's those goggles that they see the world where a loving moment of a family coming together, the way the walls is did, and the way everyone in that room did to them, those goggles, their MAGA goggles sees that as something they want to stop. So that's why they take away our joy by wanting to ban IVF by wanting to engage in project 2025 style policies to burn books.


They want to find ways these people to implement in a detailed way, plans to take away our joy and our happiness because reflexively, what I showed you on stage pisses them off. I mean, I get this email and you know, from my coverage almost once every day, JD Vance and the Trump campaign sends this email out that says, this picture of Kamala pisses me off. And then I open it up and it's just a photo of her and they attack her for wearing like a necklace, which they say is an expensive Tiffany's necklace, and they go after her.


That, that pisses you off. First off, it's not even the same necklace, but two, that, that, that's what you're writing about. That's what's pissing you off. There are these deeper issues that they have and that they struggle with that they've now have those feelings, but because of that, they wanna rip away our joy. And the theme is mind your own damn business. And just, if that's how you all want to live, go and and live that way. Have your miserable four chan existence and, and, and live that way if that's what you wanna do. But can you leave the rest of us alone please? That's what's on display.


So Brett, when we get back, I wanna show more about that contrast here and I wanna talk about that in in more detail. I wanna talk also about the Texas poll that shows vice President Kamala Harris only down five to Donald Trump in Texas. We see with the 5 38 average, she's taking her biggest lead yet up 3.3. I've already highlighted some of the other polling New York Times, Sienna and others showing her ahead in North. Carolina ahead in Arizona and also ahead of course in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan. We'll talk about all of that and more when we get back. I wanna remind everybody as well, and I've seen some people posting it too. We've got the emojis now of Adam Moakler, the Mockler Emojis people unlocked with 500 YouTube memberships store dot Midas Touch dot com.


Get that pro democracy gear, which is selling out quickly. Store Midas Touch dot com Ben. We actually got a flash sale percent, 10% discount code using the code. Kamala, go check that out. Store dot Midas Touch dot com. A hundred percent Union made 100% made in the USA Check it all out. Hey Brett, let's take our first quick break of the day and we got a lot more show.


Hey everyone. I wanna share something that's really made a difference for me when it comes to enjoying a night out with friends. It's called ZBiotics Pre-Cool. Pre-Cool is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on hitting the gym, enjoying a brunch, or just getting some important work done Without worry, I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical of ZBiotics at first, but then while hanging out with my friends at our favorite bar downtown, I decided to give it a try. And let me tell you, it really works. The first time I tried pre-cool was during a friend's wedding weekend. I had my first drink of the night, a delicious old fashioned by the way. Right after taking ZBiotics the next morning, I was up early, feeling great and ready to join the rest of the wedding party for breakfast and activities. It was a total game changer with vacations, weddings, birthdays, and reunions. There's so much going on this summer. Get the most outta your plans by stocking up on pre-Cool, now go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to get 15% off your first otter. When you use Midas at checkout, pre-cool is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Thank you ZBiotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands, and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Shout out to our sponsors right there. One of the things that make this show possible are those sponsors, the discount codes are in the description below. You also make this program and this network possible when you go to grow midas.com and become a recurring contributor. Grow midas.com. There's also patreon.com/ Midas, Touch and store dot Midas Touch dot com as well. I wanna highlight just briefly some of my other, there it is, growin.com, you could become a recurring contributor and there's Brett, there's no limit on that as well, right? If people wanna make whatev whatever the contribution is, go, go, go ahead.


Yeah, there. And if you want those extras, if you want the extras like the, you know, the monthly zooms, the after shows and things like that, then you go to Patreon. And so, lot, lot lots of ways to support. And we thank you for the support because it's what allows us to continue to this research to get this out, to get our people to events like the convention and to make all this happen. So thank you so much. A a lot of times I just hear Brett, you know, why we have grow midas.com also, as a lot of people go, look, I, I really, I don't need to be on the Patreon, I just want to give like a one time contribution of, of a large amount and not pick a specific package. Can I just do that? So we created, one of the reasons we created grow midas.com is to allow that. And also if you just wanna contribute as well, you can do that there.


All right, enough of that. Some of my highlights of the convention so far, when former president Bill Clinton addressed Donald Trump's infatuation with Hannibal Lecter, could we play that? One of the things is when you send a signal to the other countries, you want 'em to know whether they agree with you or not. At least that you're on the level that here's where you are and what you believe. What are they supposed to make to these endless tributes to the late great Hannibal Lecter I mean, president Obama once gave me the great honor of saying I was the explainer in chief folks.


I thought and thought about it, and I, I don't know what to say. So you at that moment also, you have this moment of former President Barack Obama making it clear that Donald Trump has some real issues here, here at play. This clip, The people who will decide this election are asking a very simple question, who will fight for me? Who's thinking about my future, about my children's future, about our future together? One thing is for certain, Donald Trump is not losing sleep over that question.


Here's a 78-year-old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he wrote down his golden escalator nine years ago. It has been a constant stream of, of gripes and grievances that that's actually been getting worse now that he is afraid of losing the Kamala. There's the childish nicknames, the crazy conspiracy theories, this weird obsession with crowd sizes. It, It just goes on And all, and this is obviously clearly getting in Donald Trump's head.


He keeps on talking about it over and over again. I'll give you an example of him talking about it. Let's play this one. Did you see Barack Hussein Obama last night take little shots. He was taking shots at your president and so was Michelle. You know, they always say, sure, please stick to policy, don't get personal. And yet they're getting personal all night long. These people do. I still have to stick to policy. Okay, first off, B Brett, I wanna get your analysis, but just the way he talks. Yeah, like I I, I want to not just even address the substance, 'cause I'll, I'll throw that to you, but the way he talks when he's just like, they talking about me, he's like, he does a voice.


It's a weird voice that he does. You, you're feeling better. And when I wanna tell you all, and I'm just like, this is, you know, now you sound like him during the, the Twitter spaces with you. Yeah. I wanna tell you, me, me, you know, and, and for him it's all just me, me, me, me, me, me, me. And I like the change here is first off, Democrats go high with our values, but when it comes to going after Trump, we can fight that battle the right way. It needs to be fought. That seems to be a learning lesson here. Our values, our ethics high when it comes to fighting Trump.


Let's go, let's go. What's that? Doesn't mean you ignore the crazy thing. You know, I thought former President Clinton's other line where he said, paraphrasing here, don't count the lies, count the eyes about Donald Trump. And to your point, Ben, how he's always me, me, me, me, me. I thought that was such a brilliant line and such a brilliant message as well. And you see Donald Trump there. He's just, he just looks so small. He's such a petulant little child. And he frankly doesn't know how to handle being on the defense like this. And honestly, like for a guy who dishes it so much, he cannot take it at all. And he especially hates being humiliated on a national stage by people who are way smarter than him.


Way more respected than him. Like former President Barack Obama, like the former First Lady, Michelle Obama that really, really, really gets under his skin. And one of the things I noticed that all these recent events as well is that Donald Trump's heart just frankly does not seem in it. He seems very low energy. Even the audience there, when he brought up Iraq, who saying Obama, like even they were not really like into it. They were like a boo, like, like it didn't feel like they had much gravitas behind them. And you just see his desperation, you see him just continuing to flail out there, you know, the nicknames and the whatever. Like when Donald Trump is going, Barack Hussein Obama, they're taking shots at me when former president Barack Obama or former President Clinton are talking about Donald Trump the way they are, the the point that they're making though is a broader one of how that actually impacts we, the people in the United States of America as former president Bill Clinton says, look, when you are the leader of the free world, when you're the leader of the United States, even making small comments here or there, sends signals and messages to the world, to your allies, to your enemies about where you're going and who you are.


Which is why you have to be very meticulous and think through how you say things and how things are communicated. Right? And when Donald Trump talks about Hannibal Lecter, the late great Hannibal Lecter, people look at him the way we look at him, that he can be played easily, that he's a sociopath, that he is quite literally a mad person that he can't be relied upon, and that he's probably having actual cognitive and mental issues that make him someone who cannot be relied upon and someone who will make the worst decisions. Always Brett. Yeah. And going back to what we were saying earlier when we played that incredibly emotional video of Governor Wal and his children, Donald Trump is like, you know, he's like the main person in this bubble, right?


He's like at the, he, he, he like, runs this bubble that all these people are in and they just have really lost track of reality. Like, it's not, it's, it's quite frankly sad to even watch, like when you have Donald Trump saying the crowd's, they're ai, they're not real people. And then you see those same people who he saw in in those comments, the people like them repeating those things. You're like, okay, this is like a, a, a bizarre kind of psychosis that we are seeing that is being shared by this group of people. You know, I think one of the other things that I noticed bothering Donald Trump in the past few weeks is, and, and I think this plays a lot into the strength of the democratic messaging, and I gotta give props to the Democratic messaging throughout this convention and over these past few weeks.


But Donald Trump preferred when he was feared Donald Trump preferred. I think he was okay with being crazy as long as people were scared of him. And I'm not saying that he's not any less dangerous right now, but what I am saying is now he's being laughed at by everybody. Now he's being mocked, now he's being looked at like a piece of garbage, like a piece of trash by like the entire country, by a majority of the country. And I think that shift from being scary to being the weird kind of loser, pathetic person as people view him, I think that is a mortal wound to his ego. I know it's something that George Conway has talked about with his antis psychopath pack.


But that is such a mortal wound to this person's psychosis, to this individual. He cannot handle it. And he frankly cannot cope with this new reality of him being the world's biggest weirdo who nobody likes. The way we framed it several months back was that the only thing that Donald Trump and MAGA were running on was the strong man, weak man paradigm. So Donald Trump would say up in the polls, bigger crowds, those were the things. There was never policy, there was never what we're delivering. It was just this idea, this inevitability of a Trumpism takeover of the country.


And the evidence for that was what corporate media would propagandize, which was a lot of what we were being very critical of. Bigger crowds he would say, and bigger polls. And they started those polls. Frankly, right after the January 6th insurrection, Trump left a Trump dump on the nation. He torpedoed the country the way he handled Covid, the way he added $8 trillion in debt. His policies dumped on the nation, and President Biden had to fix it. And the moment President Biden inherited problems, unlike Donald Trump who inherited prosperity for former president Barack Obama, they started running the polls right away versus focusing on, Hey, Donald Trump led an insurrection against our country.


This person, you know, the pressure should have been mounting on this individual needs to be put behind bars immediately. But the media's coverage was, oh, look at the crowd size in Waco, Texas. As Donald Trump launched his campaign years before, campaigns normally launch on the 30th anniversary of the Waco Siege as a direct attack on the FBI. And had Ted Nugent as his first speaker say that President Zelinsky is a homosexual. That's how Trump kicked off his campaign. And we were saying, whoa, whoa, whoa, here at the Midas Touch network. But for the media and Trump, he had them perfectly programmed.


Strong man, weak man, paradigm play, clips of President Biden looking old and weak and not having big crowds and start showing that Biden's poll numbers were low and make that a self-fulfilling cycle that you can't get out of. And that all people talk about were, oh crap, the polls are this by focusing on that two and a half, three years ago. But what this switch has done and what the crowd sizes behind vice President, Kamala Harris have done is Trump can't fill those crowd sizes. So the weak man, strong man paradigm, big polls, big crowds has been turned on its head.


She gets bigger crowds. So what does he do? He says it's all AI and fake. And he takes fake AI endorsements of Taylor Swift and looks pathetic. And now because he can't fill the same crowd sizes in the same cities where she's at, he now is doing these small events at small venues, and it actually makes him look smaller because his deranged message with like 10 people there or 30 people there looks extra deranged. I wanna talk about that and more, but why don't we take our last quick break of the show.


Trade makes it easy to experience America's best specialty coffees from home. Simply tell 'em what you like and whether you'd like it, hold bean or ground and trade will curate perfect coffee matches in an instant for you. It's the freshest quality you could get anywhere too. Every coffee's roasted two water and ships to you within 48 hours from hot or ice, dark roasted decafs or espressos to cold brew trade has it all. And when you subscribe to trade, you're not just getting amazing coffee, you're also supporting American businesses. They partner with over 50 small roasters across the country, bringing you the best of the best right to your door. I've been loving my experience at trade. And you know, when it comes to coffee, I'm a very, very tough critic. I'm generally a fan of light roasts with bright fruity flavors and trade has nailed it every single time. My most recent favorite is a single origin coffee sourced from Columbia by Sight glass, a roaster based in California. The flavor notes are incredible. Think coffee concord grape and red apple. It's smooth, balanced, and exactly what I've been looking for in a Morning Cup. Plus, the convenience of having it delivered fresh to my door is unbeatable. I never have to worry about running outta coffee. And the quality is always top notch. Give Trey a try to transform the way you experience coffee at home. They're offering your first bag free when you visit. Drink trade.com/midas and subscribe. Trade guarantees you'll love your first bag or they'll replace it for free. That's drink trade.com/midas. That's M-E-I-D-A-S for your first bag free. When you subscribe, go to drink trade.com/midas and start enjoying better coffee today.


The best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store, it's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the Moink movement. Today. Moink delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Moink Farmers Farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Moink meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the Moink difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, Moink gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breasts, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Moink is helping save rural America. Join the Moink movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Moink Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Simonov, jumped at the chance to invest in Moink Plus, they guarantee you'll say Oink. Oink. I'm just so happy I got Moink. I know I do, and you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch right now. And listeners of our show, get free hot rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ Midas Touch. That's Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch. One more time. Moink Box dot com slash Midas. Touch


Thank you to our sponsors. Right there, you can check out the discount codes in the description below. I show these polls merely because I know it pisses Donald Trump off and rebuts the strong man, weak man paradigm, or in this case, powerful woman, weak Donald Trump paradigm, which basically exists right now. The new economist u gov poll as vice President Kamala Harris up three. The new 5 38 average has vice President Kamala Harris up by 3.3. vice President, Kamala Harris only down five to Donald Trump in Texas. Meanwhile, she's up in North, Carolina up in Arizona, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin.


And mostly all of the major polls there. Lots of people are talking about RFK predicting that tomorrow he's gonna endorse Donald Trump. Look, all of the analysis that I've heard and analyzed seems to suggest that it actually doesn't make a difference. That there's an argument that vice President, Kamala Harris could actually benefit from that. But I I, I don't, from the analysis that I've heard, and that seemed to be persuasive to me, and again, I could be proven wrong here, a lot of the people who were supporting RFK just wanted an alternative to Donald Trump. So him saying Trump is not gonna make them go Trump, but we, but, but that's, that's left to be seen.


But we'll obviously need to cover that. Although I don't need to spend any of you more of your precious ear time talking about RFK, who's just a total wacko. I wanna show you this though, this chart I think is important. Former president Bill Clinton pointed it out as well. This data does not lie. This is just the real deal data right here. Former president Bill Clinton explained that there was 52 million jobs created since 1989. 50 million of those jobs were created under democratic presidents. Basically every job, all of the jobs at, at a net level of net gain were created by the Clinton, Obama, and Biden administrations, the Bush and Trump, the Bushes and Trump administrations only gained 1.9 million jobs.


And this isn't like some glitch in the matrix. It is the design of their plans. That's how trickle down project 2025 style stuff is meant to work. It's not meant to lift up, it's meant to trickle down the sloppy eighths to lower middle class and screw them over. And it's designed to benefit billionaires and deca millionaires. And the foundation of that philosophy is that when billionaires and deca millionaires do better, the country does better. That's, that's the Republican economic philosophy now since, since Reagan.


And it's been shown that that actually doesn't work and it doesn't work well for, it doesn't work well for, for the economy. And I mean, look, there, there's a lot of, you know, maybe Wall Street people who, when you unleash all of this kind of debt and trickle down stuff, they like it because they make percentages off of the deal flow and that there's like a lot of deal flow when Trump adds $8 trillion of debt, has tax cuts that for deck of millionaires and billionaires that aren't paid for that, that that results in wealthy people trying to do stock buybacks and things that, you know, people who work on Wall Street can get percentages of, but that actually doesn't help the economy grow.


Like right now, the American economy's growing faster than the economy of China. Like that's a big deal right now. There's been 16 million jobs that have been created right now, right now, America's Energy Independent. I I saw another stat that, like you look at North Carolina, it's doing the North Carolina economy is doing 50% better now than it was under Donald Trump. By every economic metric, we're doing better. That's why Donald Trump and the mags go around and say, everything's rigged. The economic data's rigged. This is rigged. None of it's true. Don't believe any of the stuff. And the reality is, is that Donald Trump had the opportunity to do infrastructure. He did. He would've had bipartisan support for an infrastructure bill and he promised there would be one.


And that didn't happen. He promised there would be these factories and that didn't happen. And you know, one of the things that he is, because he's a predator in every sense of the wor the word, he preys on people's hopes and fears and, and lies to them in ways that just even go beyond a normal political ambitious goal setting. He, he just is a liar. Totally liar, makes things up. And as he said, if you repeat something over and over and over again, people believe it. And it doesn't hurt that he has propaganda networks that push this. And corporate media, which is ultimately run at the top by board of directors who are ma and and CEOs, who are the people who get their, their tax cuts.


And Brett, you know, when I talk about China here for as, as I mentioned, that our economy's growing faster than China. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention though one of the new lines of attacks very desperate by these MAGA Republicans basically saying that Governor Walls is like a, like a CCP sleeper agent, right? So James Comer goes on Fox and what they're pushing, and this is real Jesse Waters, and he said this multiple times now, multiple days. I'll just show you kind of one clip of it where Jesse Waters goes, you know, look, they're talking about the Donald Trump P tape. Think about that. What's really more significant is imagine if the CCP has video of Governor walls on his honeymoon.


Imagine the compromise that that would do. I think he means compromise. Imagine the compromise. First off, what are you talking a honeymoon? What are you two? No one's talking about the P tape right now. Okay. The only people who are talking about it is like Donald Trump when he goes to Iowa and then brings up the P tape on his own. No, no one's talking about that right now. Like that's not being talked about. And then also you bring James Comer goes. Well, I think that we're gonna launch another investigation. We're gonna focus Congress into, this is serious. We're gonna do hearings on Governor Walls. Being a sleeper agent. It's like James Comer.


Your whistleblower was not a real whistleblower. You actually had a CCP agent as your key witness to testify against Biden in your failed impeachment investigation. Here, let's, let's just play this clip China. And you know about China, Congressman, you did this when you looked into Hunter when you go to China, yeah, they surveil you. If an American goes to China 30 times in the nineties, they have surveillance footage of him, they have surveillance footage. Yeah, probably of his honeymoon night. What kind of compromise is that? They were worried about Trump in a p tape situation. That that was all made up. This is serious business.


It it's very serious. China thinks long term. It's very possible that China would be grooming an up and coming rising star in the political process to try to have a foothold in our government. I mean they've done this in the military, we've caught 'em with firings in their universities. This is how China operates. They think long term, and again, I can't say this enough, when you look at Hunter Biden's ties with commun China, it was for money. It looks like Walter's ties may be for ideology. And this is something that we should be concerned about. Yeah. And we're trying to gather as much information as we can, as quick as we can to present to the American people. Oh, it says that a lot about Kamala Harris That you, you know, look, it, it, it, it's, it's, there's some extent there's humor, I guess, and just how pathetic they are.


But it really is like beyond parody that just that whole thing exists right there, right? Yeah. That you have a leader in the Republican party like James Comer on a propaganda network that frankly was founded by someone who wasn't even born in American citizen I mean, you know, who, who came here? Who created this network that was built on, on a foundation of also Roger Als bringing it to Murdoch about how to create propaganda to help future Richard Nixons. But this is Nixon on like, Watergate wouldn't even be a, honestly, Watergate would not even be a thing talked about today.


Like, let's be real, right? Like, like, like in terms of what Donald Trump's done, if you were to have learned that Donald Trump had someone like break into the DNC, they would go fake news. It's not real. And then it would maybe Watergate today would, with Trump would maybe be a story possibly covered by I mean, setting aside the Midas Touch network in our relentless coverage, maybe like Slate would cover it as one of 12 stories. And that would be, it wouldn't, it wouldn't be, it wouldn't be on the front page maybe. Maybe it New York Times would, not even today, New York Tur Times and Washington Post wouldn't even cover Watergate as a thing.


But that's why we have to rebuild the fourth estate. We have to democratize it. And that's what we're doing here with all of you at the Midas Touch Network.


And again, if you want to help, you can make that recurring donation@growmidas.com. You can do it, you can make one big time grow Midas, you know, thing you could be recurring. But that's your opportunity to do it there you go to patreon.com/ Midas Touch. And you can also support us at store dot Midas Touch dot com and our pro-democracy sponsors. But Brett, I want you to react to that before we go. Yeah. Well I think it's two things, you know, yeah, it is beyond parity, but it shows that Fox really has put aside any kind of notion that it's a legitimate news outlet. I mean that's just a pure propaganda. Like that's, that's nothing more than just extreme propaganda, quite frankly, that I think would make North Korea blush. And on the other hand, you see somebody like James Comer, what he's doing should be criminal I mean, let's not mince words here. What he's doing is the epitome of actually weaponizing the government for political reasons. You know? Oh, surprise, surprise. Tim Walls is the running mate now for the Democratic candidate. So I, I guess we need to launch an investigation into this person. This is the kind of stuff that you see in Russia. This is the kind of stuff that you see in authoritarian countries. And James Comer with his kangaroo courts and his BS investigations, which are really just about trying to hurt people politically and exact revenge on political enemies. For whatever reason, I mean, this is the stuff of communist dictatorships. This is the stuff that Anna Navarro was speaking about earlier this week of the reason why her family fled Nicaragua and fled communism. This is what MAGA is. This is what this modern day mutation of the Republican Party is. So I think we need to call it out and we cannot pretend like this is normal. Yes, silly, sure. But it's not just a joke. Like these are dangerous people who are making a mockery of our government. And what James Comer is doing should, I'm sorry it should be a criminal offense. I couldn't agree more with you there, Brett. And look, we have to collectively call this out each and every day. And that's what we'll continue to do here on the Midas Touch network. I want to just remind everybody, of course, check out our other coverage that's taking place right now on the Midas Touch YouTube feed as well. Check that out. It's gonna be a very big and historic evening. I'm sure it already has been, but as I mentioned, we prerecorded this one, we would've spent more time on, on Monday's episode, we'll do the full recap of everything that went down at the DNC, but we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll cut today's show a little short, a little earlier than than normal just because we know the DNC's happening. I wanted to make sure we hit all those other areas, which I think we did to make sure you have all the knowledge that you need going into the the weekend on this pro democracy news. So just want to give a thank you to everybody. Thank you to our pro democracy sponsors. Again, grow midas.com. Become a recurring donor. patreon.com/ Midas Touch. There's a lot of exclusive stuff there. We won't do the after show again today 'cause I know you're all gonna be watching. The DNC will start more after shows again next week. There's one of the features where you could become an honorary producer of the show too on patreon.com/ Midas Touch. And you'll see those names there at the end. But you know, it's gonna be a long night. One, two, thank everybody against store dot Midas Touch dot com. 100% Union made 100% made in the USA gear. Go and check that out everybody. And 10% off with code Kamala until 8:00 PM Eastern time on Friday. So check that out now before that goes


away. And I just wanna sign off by saying, you know, this energy that everyone feels, this enthusiasm that you all feel right now, bottle it up. 'cause it's not always going to feel like this. And we're going to have to sustain energy in order to save democracy. And we're gonna be, have to be able to go through tough times and good times. And so remember this feeling. Remember how good it feels when people are united. Remember how good it feels to be able to clap back at these people who are trying to steal our joy. And I agree with Tim Walls, that is probably the most offensive part of this movement to me, the the most unforgivable part of the s maga movement. That they constantly want to doom and gloom. They constantly want to try to bring us down. But we as community, as a pro-democracy community, filled with people across the political spectrum, people who maybe aren't even all that political, we need to rise above it.


And we need to show that positivity, that hope, that unity is the force that wins and prevails over these dark, dark forces. So thank you so much. I hope you enjoy the rest of the Democratic National Convention, our coverage. Please continue to share it with everybody out there. Let them know you watched the convention via Midas Touch. And I think that's a wrap. Ben, what do you think? I think so too. Shout out to the Midas mighty The


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network. The film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben mis. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to Against All Enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch Against All Enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.