(1s):
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task Unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.

(38s):
That right there was a no Kings protest popping up in Silver Springs, Maryland. We're seeing these protests spread across the United States today and across the world. Frankly, we'll be showcasing all of the No Kings protest here on the Midas Touch Network. And while you have a war that is now raging in the Middle East between Israel and Iran, as you have ice agents conducting raids here in the United States of factories and restaurants and courthouses, as you have Donald Trump federalizing the National Guard and sending them Marines against people within the United States, Donald Trump is holding a dictator parade for himself.

(1m 23s):
These are the messages that he's been posting this morning so far. A little bit. I'll talk about the assassination that took place as well of a lawmaker in Minnesota, a a horrific assassination in Minnesota. I'll talk about that in a moment. But here, here's what Donald Trump's been posting. Happy Flag Day, exclamation point. This is a big day for America. DJT. Then he puts in all caps, our military parade is on rain or shine. Remember, a rainy day parade brings good luck.

(2m 3s):
I'll see you all in dc. He had to repost that multiple times because he had spelled parade wrong on multiple occasions. Let me just share this with you right now. Here are thousands of protestors gathering at Bicentennial Mall in Nashville, Tennessee right now. Let's play this clip Is like democracy. Looks like what democracy looks like. This is like democracy. Looks like Here are over 5,000 protestors who are currently gathered at Liberty Plaza in Atlanta, Georgia. Let's take a look at this. We are now at capacity at Liberty.

(3m 6s):
Here's a long line of protestors marching in Brighton, New York. Let me show you this clip. Here are hundreds of protestors gathering in Lee's Summit in Missouri for the No Kings Rally play this clip.

(4m 5s):
So while all of this was going on this morning, we learned about the assassination of Minnesota State representative Melissa Hortman and her husband. We also learned that there was an attempted murder of the state Senator John Hoffman and his wife. Fortunately, John Hoffman and his wife while they were shot, are recovering. But state representative Melissa Hortman, who is Speaker Hortman and her husband were shot and killed by this assassin. This is the statement from Hakeem Jeffries. Violence is never acceptable, praying hard for the victims and all who have been affected.

(4m 49s):
Just reflecting on what's gone down. In the past week, Marines were deployed in an American city. The president called for a governor, governor Newsom to be arrested. The speaker of the house called for that governor to be tarred and feathered. A senator from California was pinned and handcuffed, and two state legislators have been shot in their homes and the details that are still emerging are quite horrific about what happened in Minnesota. It's an individual who was impersonating a police officer in a vehicle. SUV believed that looks like a police officer's vehicle with the police lights even showed up, dressed as a police officer and engaged in this assassination.

(5m 37s):
Here's Minnesota Governor Walls talking about what went down here at play. This clip We're here today because an unspeakable tragedy has unfolded in Minnesota. My good friend and colleague, speaker Melissa and her husband Mark, were shot and killed early this morning in what appears to be a politically motivated assassination. Our state lost a great leader, and I lost a dearest of friends. Speaker Hortman was someone who served the people of Minnesota with grace, compassion, humor, and a sense of service. She was a formidable public servant, a fixture and a giant in Minnesota. She woke up every day determined to make this state a better place.

(6m 20s):
She's irreplaceable and we've been missed by so many Minnesota's thoughts and prayers are with her family, her loved ones, her children, and her parents. Here's what the police in Minnesota are saying right now about what went down play this clip. So can you say it one more time? So you were just gonna proactively check on speakers courtman and then police there encountered the gunman or someone with a gunman and exchange gunfire. Can you just go over that one time please? I can. Good morning. Police Chief Mark Rule, Brooklyn Park Police Department. The question is how did we get to Representative Horman's house? And it was proactively or not the circumstances unfolded in Brooklyn Park this morning is that we assisted the Champlin Police Department on a shooting.

(7m 5s):
That shooting was made aware by one of our sergeants that it was at Senator Hoffman's home. In hearing that, that very intuitive sergeant asked our officers to go check on Melissa Horman's home representative that lives in our community, just proactively as due diligence to swing by that police officer and his partner pulled down the street. When they arrived at Melissa's house, they noticed that there was a police vehicle in the driveway with the lights, emergency lights on, and what appeared to be a police officer at the door coming out of the house. When our officers confronted him, the individually immediately fired upon the officers who exchanged gunfire and the suspect retreated back into the home Resistance.

(7m 48s):
Was this an actual police officer or impersonating police officer? Yes. The question is, was it a real person or a person impersonating, impersonating a police officer? It was not a real police officer. This is somebody that clearly had been impersonating a police officer again using the trust of this badge in this uniform to manipulate their way into the home. So chief Early Jan Para 11, the person not only was wearing a badge, was as a police officer when they approached their victims, they had a car with lights and sirens. Yes. The question is how, what kind of vehicle, how were they dressed? They did drive a vehicle that looked exactly like an SUV squad car. It was equipped with lights, emergency lights.

(8m 30s):
It looked exactly like a police vehicle. And yes, they were wearing a vest with taser other equipment that would a a badge. Very similar to mine that no question if they were in this room, you would assume that they are a police officer. Although Donald Trump hasn't made any posts from his own personal account about this, Caroline Levitt released the statement from Trump saying, I've been briefed on the terrible shooting that took place in Minnesota, which appears to be a targeted attack against state lawmakers. Our Attorney General Pam Bondy and the FBI are investigating the situation and they will be prosecuting anyone involved to the fullest extent of the law.

(9m 11s):
Such horrific violence will not be tolerated in the United States. God bless the great people in Minnesota, A truly great place exclamation point again, that has not been posted on his personal account as of yet, and we're seeing signs like this go up all across the United States right now. People who are being abducted by ice here in the United States, missing grandmother, missing sons induced community extinction, more missing mothers, different people going missing as a result of the ICE raids and people can't find family members here in the United States right now.

(9m 51s):
Middle East is on fire. I'll tell you what Israel's saying. I'll tell you what Iran's saying. A senior Israeli intelligence official tonight told Fox, we have more surprises coming up for Iran following the initial wave of strikes during Operation Rising Lion. It's believed that Israel has air superiority at this point over Iran. Iran is announcing that its nuclear negotiations with the United States will not continue until Israel halts its ongoing attacks against Iran blaming the US for supporting the attacks and assisting Israel speaking. Earlier during a press conference, a spokesperson for the Iranian foreign ministry stated that it's obvious that in such circumstances, until the Zionist regimes aggression against the Iranian nation stop, it will be meaningless to participate in dialogue with the party that is the biggest supporter and accomplice of the aggressor.

(10m 43s):
And it's believed at this point that Israel is seeking a regime change in Iran. Benjamin Netanyahu has repeated that in speeches that he's given there as well regarding the preemptive strikes against Iran to disable their nuclear facilities. I'll just show you this scene as well here from the United States where, you know, we see, and, and I'll give you a a language disclaimer. This is what it looks like in the streets of the United States. This is in California as ice agents. Basically just targeting people with brown skin, even if they're showing their real ID or their id, the ice agents are trying to detain like American citizens and the American citizens have to basically prove, what are you doing, man?

(11m 30s):
We're we're, we're American. Here, let me show you this. Here, let's play this clip. Look how you Got my hand. Twisting that shit. I'm American man. I don literally, literally based off a skin color. Stacey, I just fucking show you. I got a new id. My homie was born here just because of the way he looks. I look fucking Mexican mama way. Well, there you have it folks. We'll keep you posted as the day progresses. We'll let you know everything that's going on. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.

(11m 60s):
Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.