
Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive, so they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. During tax season, your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed, or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Super Bowl 59 1 Game two teams endless possibilities and there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, cool will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in. Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland, hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


Democratic governors are going on the offense against Donald Trump. As Trump's disastrous policies continue to cause major damage in the United States. The various Democratic governors are letting the people in their states know that they're going to protect the people of their states from Donald Trump's harm. For example, here is the Democratic governor of Illinois, JB Pritzker, talking about how Donald Trump is just engaged in a massive distraction operation from the fact that prices are not lower, housing is not more affordable. There's no peace in Ukraine in 24 hours, and Donald Trump is causing so much harm.


Governor Pritzker, let's play It. It's a massive effort to distract from what they are doing across the country to take away things that working class, middle class people, families the most vulnerable, really need. You know, maybe they, you know, as they come and try to attack the state of Illinois and that's what they're doing. You know, the, the lawsuits are against laws on the books in Illinois. I mean, unlike Donald Trump, we follow the law in Illinois. Now, maybe they put up with this kind of garbage in Florida, which is the home state of the head of the DOJ. But in Illinois we have grit.


We are tough, we are strong. And Donald Trump has no idea what he's up against when he attacks Illinois. So we're here, we're gonna stay here. We're gonna keep fighting for lowering costs on people, on building up jobs, on, you know, holding back the tariffs. Whatever we can do to make this a great state. We're gonna continue to. Next up, governor Walls from the great state of Minnesota, he's still out there fighting and he's drawing a contrast between what he's doing for the people in his state versus the disastrous policies of maga. He says, in Minnesota, we're focused on feeding our kids and investing in our schools, not taking away people's rights.


Let's play this clip. Alright, Do this and then what? Take it out. Take it out. Okay, here we go. Here we go. What is it? You go with Play-Doh. Hi. You can't help but be optimistic to go into a classroom like that and see where our future is. And I think Minnesotans have always understood that's where our common interest lies in making sure that our little ones are safe. They have housing, they have food, they have a good education. And that is why Minnesota continues to excel on so many front. We're not focused on fighting trade wars with our neighbors. We're not focusing on chaos.


We're focusing on lifting people up and doing the right thing. And it's not all that difficult. And you're seeing it in that classroom. You're seeing a McDonough and you're seeing it in over 450,000 children that that was money for book. That was money for a new pair of boots. That was money for food. That was money to make sure the folks could keep the heat on in the house for the child. Those things are really, really important. I gotta show you this one, this one other clip from Democratic governor JB Pritzker of Illinois. This is like the ultimate troll of Donald Trump. Here, governor Pritzker declares Lake Michigan is now Lake Illinois and says Illinois has annex Green Bay. Watch this, I'm here today to make an important announcement.


The world's finest geographers experts who study the Earth's natural environment have concluded a decades long council and determined that a great lake deserves to be named after a great state. So today I'm issuing a proclamation declaring that Hereinafter Lake Michigan shall be known as Lake Illinois. The proclamation has been forwarded to Google to ensure the world's maps reflect this momentous change. In addition, the recent announcement that to protect the homeland, the United States will be purchasing Greenland, Illinois will now be annexing Green Bay to protect itself against enemies foreign and domestic.


I've also instructed my team to work diligently to prepare for an important announcement next week regarding the Mississippi River. God bless America and bear down. Thank. Next up we have the Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Here we have Governor Shapiro saying, look, people of Pennsylvania, I've got your back as Donald Trump's causing all of this chaos. I've got your back. Watch Governor Shapiro, let's play It. I understand that right now, with all the chaos Donald Trump is brought to bear over these first 17 days of his administration, the way he's attacked certain people in our community because of what they look like or where they come from, who they love, who they pray to, who they are.


I understand how that can make people feel uneasy and and worry, and I understand how that can make some people retreat and not engage. I think the answer right now is to engage directly is to show up, is to make your voice heard, is to let your congressman and your senator know just how important these issues are to you as a, and encourage them to do their jobs and actually be a check on the President. I think it is very, very important that Pennsylvanians stand up and speak up. I think it needs to be done in a constructive and peaceful and safe manner. And that is what I would encourage Pennsylvanians to do.


Stand up, speak up, and allow your voices to be heard. And one of the things that I like that these Democratic governors are doing is they're bringing visuals into it. They're going out there in that a b, c mode that I was telling you about, always be campaigning. And here for example, we've got Governor JB Pritzker meeting with companies in his state that are being impacted hard by Donald Trump's various trade wars and the threats of trade wars. As Governor Pritzker says, Donald Trump's tax on working families is hitting businesses in Illinois. And I've heard from so many who are concerned about having to pay the price.


Companies like Darvin Furniture have already had to put holds on deals with suppliers due to the uncertainty in the market that's being caused by Donald Trump's arbitrary capricious and reckless matter. Play this clip So she can all this, everything from here back, yeah. More. Oh, not everything, but a lot. Lot, yeah. It's totally customizable. And nowhere on North America is there. Is that right? No, not even a can. Stuff is it's all, and see, the thing is they have a natural advantage with Birch. You know, that isn't really shared with our, the fifth domestic.


They are near the Birch Supply. Love it. And they, they come here and we were just communicating, but we just went and visited their factory and not too long we brought I think six or eight salespeople and spent some time here. They have been great partners for us and they make a very unique for us. Sure. But that, but again, like you've got, I don't know what this is, maybe a 10th or or or 20% of your Sure. Paid short. Yeah. Something that's gonna be ill affected by. Yes, they put a tariff. Oh, I think it would, that's exactly right. You'd have a situation where you know, where you know prices had to rise dramatically. Very significant part. You know,


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Midas Mighty saying how great Miracle Made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why it uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. Now these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer, than the sheets used by some five star hotel. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas, that's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-L e.com/m E-I-D-A-S to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order today, you can save over 40%. And If you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So If you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. You'll do try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Let's go to the great state of Washington where they're fearless. Governor Bob Ferguson and governors before him in the great state of Washington, have been leading the fight against Donald Trump's tyrannical policies in the Trump regime. Here, governor Bob Ferguson talks about how Washington was the first state to stand up to Trump in the first administration defeating his Muslim ban back then. And now they are the first to block his illegal executive order on birthright citizenship. How the state of Washington, their great attorney general, their team of lawyers, they're led at the top by Governor Bob Ferguson, will protect the people of that state and will fight for the rights of all Americans.


Play the clip. I was proud that you know, when Donald Trump was first elected, the first state to stand up to him and defeat him in court was Washington State On the first ballot, we have a state of leaders at the local and state level who are very, very committed to defending your rights at pulling the values of all Washingtonians. We've been first in the past. We're first again, we'll stand up for your rights, we'll protect your freedoms. So that's central to who we are and we'll continue doing that. Let's go to Kentucky. Where there you have Governor Andy Beshear, who breaks down the danger of Donald Trump's tariffs and how they could result in job losses and increased prices for the people of Kentucky.


Here play this clip. Hey everybody, it's Andy. It is Tuesday at 9:00 AM We have a booming economy in Kentucky. We've broken every record for private sector investment, for new jobs and for new wages. But I know that right now things cost too much for our families. That you go to the grocery store and you see prices going up that you fill your car with gas and you worry about the other bills at the end of the month. And right now in Washington DC we have threatened tariffs that would raise prices on virtually everything, making it that much harder. But I've also promised to you that I would fight for Kentuckians, that I would put party aside and I would do what's best for our families.


So today I'm gonna sign a reduction to our state income tax to make sure that we put more money in your pocket while things cost too much. This has been supported by Republicans, it's been supported by Democrats. In the end, I support it because it's gonna help you. I will always do what's best for our families. That's my job. Now, Abigail Span Berger. Congresswoman Span Berger. She's running for governor in Virginia, which would be great to see her as the governor. I've interviewed her before. She's got a great background. Previously working in the intelligence community. She's been a great congresswoman there in Virginia. She says, the federal workers, Trump wants to fire our Virginians, their moms and dads.


They're law enforcement officials who keep us all safe. They're our neighbors. They deserve a governor who will look out for them in our economy, not one who will cheer on Trump's chaos here. Let's play this clip. Let me tell you who some of these people are because they are Virginians, so many of them, they are the nurse at the VA who takes care of our nation's heroes. They are the social security employer who ensures that our grandparents get their social security checks. They are the law enforcement officers who keep our country safe from terrorists, threats the world over. They are the intelligence community members who spend every single day working to keep their neighbors safe.


They are the air traffic controllers who work day in and day out to avoid tragedy. They are moms and dads and community members and they are Virginians. And this is yes about them, and for them it's a kitchen table issue. But the impact, the idea that we would have a president and a governor who's standing by as said president, says, we're gonna push them out of the workforce. And this is a kitchen table issue in Virginia, but the impact is substantial across the entirety of the country. Next up, I want show you Governor Wes Moore, who talks about how courage will lead us through Trump's chaos.


Let's play It. What we're seeing right now is just a a, a level of chaos that is just staggering, that we're seeing a whole flurry of executive orders, some of which are performative, some of which have no thought behind them, and some of them are just unlawful and unconstitutional. And so you have a lot of people who are scared all throughout our state, from western Maryland to the eastern shore about what they're doing. The thing that we've assured the people of our state is that we are gonna meet this moment of crisis with courage. We are gonna be unafraid to step up and defend the people of our state against any type of threat that comes to their livelihood or their way of life. Now finally, I wanna share with you Governor Gavin Newsom.


Now, we've showed you lots of clips before when Gavin Newsom confronted Donald Trump directly, when Trump landed on the tarmac in la, even though Trump was not too cowardly to be returning Governor Newsom's calls. And here Gavin Newsom explains that the end of the day where Americans, when disaster strikes, we set aside our differences and work together to help communities get the aid they need here, play this clip. Remember Father, father Co is telling me we're many parts, but one body, one part suffers. We all suffer this notion that we're all in this together. We're in there. Take care of the folks in Louisiana in the Speakers district. We're here for the folks in North Carolina, Californian ass that is Georgia.


People have been impacted by disasters and emergency. And the American spirit is to lift, to lend a hand and pro provide that support. And I expect that will happen for California. Well, there you have it, folks. It's great to see these governors, democratic governors leading the way. It's also great to see the fight that we're seeing from now, democratic members of Congress and Democratic senators. It seemed that there was a sluggish start, If you will, as Donald Trump and Elon Musk were just ransacking our government, going building to building. But now it does seem like Democrats have got their fight back. It does seem like you have a lot of these civil rights groups who are filing all of these lawsuits.


And of course, as I'm describing in this video and showing you, you've got the Democratic governor showing grit, showing tenacity, showing that they are not just ready to fight, but fighting hard right now for their states and frankly for all Americans. So tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers and have a great one. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be let Point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.