
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm ready for My life to Change a, b, C tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck. Hung up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Ritchie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


For a limited time, you can get KFC chicken with the sweet heat of hot honey. And after one bite you'll wonder how do bees make hot honey So hot. Are they special bees? Does KFC have dragon bees fire breathing dragon bees that create spicy honey? No silly, there's no such thing. KFC just partnered with Mike's hot honey to drizzle all over their crispy chicken. But Dragon Bees would be so cool. Try it now for only $7 or share a box with friends for 25 prices and participation very well. Supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra


As Donald Trump runs back to Mar-a-Lago to play golf once again. This weekend on the taxpayer's dime as he keeps crashing our economy, he posted this message to the American people. Shut up about egg prices. Shut up here. He makes this post on a social media platform. It's an article from Charlie Kirk and Donald Trump posted, shut up about egg prices. Americans Trump is saving consumers millions. No, he's not saving consumers millions as he's playing golf on the taxpayer dime. Donald Trump is crashing the economy with his feckless trade wars where he goes, I'm gonna do a trade war today.


Oops, the market's crashing. I'm not going to do a trade war. I'm gonna do a trade war with Canada and Mexico. Oopsies. The market's crashing. I'm not going to do that now because of Donald Trump's policies. The Atlanta Federal Reserve is predicting a negative 2.8 to negative 3% GDP in quarter one a contraction. And we're also predicting inflation, which is stagflation low GDP surging prices equal stagflation, which is a disaster for our economy. Most economists now are predicting a recession, a great recession, or even a depression as Donald Trump's surrogates are out there saying, oh, that's just a short term disturbance.


Or America needs to detox or We don't really need federal workers. Why do we need them? Or why do veterans need jobs? So absolutely pathetic in how dare he say this, while Americans are suffering, his message is shut up about egg prices. Well, Meanwhile, his Secretary of Agriculture, Brooke Rollins, has been making her rounds on all of the Fox shows and he or she says that what Americas really need, they want to deal with the surging egg prices. They need to buy chickens 'cause the chickens will make their eggs for them play this clip. I think the silver lining in all of this is how do we in our backyards, we've got chickens too in our backyard.


How do we solve for something like this? And and people are sort of looking around thinking, wow, well maybe I could get a chicken in my backyard and it's awesome. I agree with you. Yeah, yeah. I think everyone who isn't a farmer right now wants to be so you're in the right department, Brooke, that's So despicable. Then she went on Larry Klaw of course, and Larry Klaw calls her Brookie. He goes, Brookie, the economy is suffering, but it's all Biden's fault. They here play this clip. Some Very, very smart people are telling me that the jobs number that's coming out, the February jobs number that's coming out Friday could be flat, even negative Brookie. The GDP now tracker from the Atlanta Fed is showing, I mean for the first quarter, a minus two point half or minus 2.8%.


And we've had lousy numbers on things like housing and business investment. My generic point here with respect to affordability and the economy is we're gonna have to suffer through some bad news. This is nothing to do with Trump. Trump's programs not in So pathetic. What else is Donald Trump doing today while he is vacationing at Mar-a-Lago crashing the economy and telling Americans to shut up about egg prices? Here's what he posted as well this morning on Saturday at 10:25 AM he goes, the House and Senate have put together under the circumstances a very good funding bill a cr, all Republicans should vote please.


Yes, next week, great things are coming for America. And I am asking you all just to give us a few months to get us through to September so we can continue to put the country's financial house in order. Democrats will do anything they can to shut down our government and we can't let that happen. Excuse me. First and foremost, Democrats don't control the house, they don't control the Senate. They don't control the executive branch. You do. So how are Democrats going to shut it down also, please. I mean so utterly pathetic. And you see what a con artist is as he's crashing our economy, as he's vacationing in Mar-a-Lago, by the way, where he's hanging out with like crypto billionaires bragging about how much money he's made off his dollar sign.


Trump meme coin as he starts talking about making these like meme coins, you know, part of like the treasury department's crypto reserve. As he's doing all of that, as Americans are suffering, he's saying, please, and let's just do a continuing resolution. Because the Republicans can't even get a budget together. They can't pass a budget. So they need to continue the budgets of the past, which the Republicans were never able to do. So they're continuing what the resolution from Nancy Pelosi, which is before Republicans took control of Congress in 2022 and they've been unable to do their most basic function and pass the budget. And isn't it interesting too that they want a continuing resolution while they say that the prior appropriations are all filled with fraud.


So you control the house, you control the Senate. If you believe there are priorities or things you want to change, guess what? You can make the laws. So do it. No, you're too pathetic to do that because what would you rather be doing? What they're doing this weekend, vacationing, partying, telling Americans to shut up and stop whining about egg prices and JD Vance and Elon Musk posting the the CRST weirdest memes, Elon Mu, Elon Musk reposting, JD Vance, Leonardo DiCaprio memes. I don't even know what they're doing here. Meanwhile, you have like Laura Ingraham and Donald Trump talking about how glad that Laura Ingraham is that Donald Trump has appointed her to the board of the Kennedy Center.


'cause that's what Americans care about right now. Donald Trump posts, I'm thrilled to announce that Laura Ingraham and Maria Barter Roma from Fox will be joining our Kennedy Center board. That's why I call Fox State Regime Media because they're literally part of the administration, the regime. This completes our selection. We look forward to the To a golden age to which Laura Ingram responds this morning. Thank you, Mr. President. This appointment is an honor. I look forward to working with such a stellar group to showcase the best of the performing arts in our nation's capital. Guess what, Laura? No one wants to work with fascists. Actually, talented artists do not wanna work with fascists.


So why don't you put kid rock up there or Ted Nugent up there and they can talk about whatever the hell they want. But real talented people like the people behind Hamilton, they're canceling and most people are not going to the Kennedy Center anymore. Let's take a look. What's Donald Trump doing? Golfing. Golfing. Just some weird stuff going, taking place at Mar-a-Lago. While you get headlines like this. Beware a recession that could be triggered by a chain reaction of tariff risks. Wall Street executives say you have the Wall Street Journal citing the International Chamber of Commerce as well, saying that America could be heading to a great depression.


Wall Street Journal, international Chamber of Commerce, saying that you've got headlines from the New York Times saying economic forecasts have deteriorated in recent weeks. Reflecting the upheaval from federal layoffs, tariff moves, and immigration. Roundups Trump's policies have shaken a one solid economic look. Trump inherited an economy that was by most conventional measures, firing at all cylinders. Just weeks into Trump's term. The outlook is gloomier. But what is Donald Trump doing with his base Grifting off of them? That's all he knows how to do. Grift, rinse, repeat, grift, rinse, repeat. Donald Trump sends the following message to his supporters.


Today, I'm announcing my newest membership program, Trump Oval Office members. I wish this Trump badge meant that I could meet you in the Oval Office because I would love for you to come unlock your membership. Now, there it is. It's an American flag, but it's Donald Trump's name on it, and you defile our flag with your name on it in fake gold. How dare you. Then Donald Trump sends this email. If I say please that, that's one of us. Think please. If I say please will you at least answer question one? It's the easiest question, please let me know. Take the MAGA poll. Will you stand with Trump if I'm impeached again, you control the house, the Senate, and the executive branch and you're saying, please, if I get impeached right now, and then Donald Trump sends the following too.


Ben, this is your chance to tour Mar-a-Lago. You're invited you. You're invited to dinner at Mar-a-Lago. You mean so much to me that I'm personally inviting you to my beautiful home free flight, free hotel. Free meal. Oh, you're beautiful home where you're hanging out with your billionaires while you're telling Americans to shut up and stop talking about egg prices. Yet Americans are pissed, prices are surging. You promised they would go down on day one. By the way, Maria Bar Roma, who's now on, I guess the Kennedy Center board with Laura Ingraham as well, remember when she asked Donald Trump this week, you know Donald, Donald, can you give a sense of whether or not you can give some clarity to the business community?


Remember what Trump said here, play this clip. Can you give us a sense of whether or not we are going to get clarity for the business community? Well, I think so, but you know, the tariffs could go up as time goes by and they may go up and you know, I don't know if it's predictability. I think that, so that's Not clarity. No, I think, I think that they say that, you know, it sounds good to say, but for years the globalists, the big globalists have been ripping off the United States. They've been taking money away from the United States and all we're doing is getting some of it back. Yeah, Trump is a disaster for business. And here's this type of stuff that he continues to post though, right? As Americans are wondering right now, Americans who live paycheck to paycheck as they're getting laid off from their jobs, as they're seeing Elon Musk destroy the federal government as Donald Trump is doing whatever the hell Putin wants, as Donald Trump's cut off intelligence to Ukraine and is allowing Vladimir Putin and just possibly sharing with Putin our military intelligence, allowing Putin to just indiscriminately kill Ukrainians and not allow Ukraine to defend itself.


Donald Trump's posting things like this Israel's look, that Israel's lookout to be renamed the Trump lookout. 'cause that's what everybody's focused on right now. Or how about this post? Why Trump steel tariffs must be permanent American greatness. And then he is like making like weird old posts from like mid-February to of like propaganda polls as Donald Trump's polling right now is in the toilet bowl as it's sinking nation is the happiest ever right now that Trump is the president nation is the happiest ever right now. Well, you know, I wonder if that's why every time you even turn on Fox, they're talking about recessions, but they're blaming the recession that's about to hit us on form or the great recession or depression on former President Biden.


Here's Maria Bar saying it's Biden's recession here, play this clip That, that's, by the way, that's why I said earlier it would be Biden's recession, and I know the haters out out there will slam me later the other day, said something and they went nuts on me, on Twitter on x. I said, well, So utterly pathetic. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. That's what Trump's doing today. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.