
Donald Trump received A brutal reality check. Yesterday in Redding, Pennsylvania, he held an event in an arena. That sat around 7,200 people and the entire back section was empty. It was completely humiliating. He tried to gaslight the crowd and lie to them and say, That, there was not an empty seat. It got very pathetic very quickly. Meanwhile Vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Tim Walls are out there putting in the work. And you see democratic candidates for Congress, for Senate putting in the work as well with some incredible debate performances. I wanna break It all down. my name is Brett MICUs here with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe. We are on our way to 3.5 million subscribers, but We can't Get there without you.


So hit subscribe right now. If you already hit subscribe, leave A. Like leave A comment Let me know what You think of these videos. Okay, let's Get right into It. This was A Post originally by Dana Milbank. He ISN A Washington Post contributor, and he posted this image and said Lots of empty seats at Trump. Rally in Reding, Pennsylvania Arena has 7,200 seats. And when You look in the back, you see A whole bunch of empty seats. So when I initially saw this photo, I thought, okay, but I think this, isn this the start of the rally. Has the rally begun yet? Turned out the rally had started, but this was the speakers before the rally. So I said, okay, I gotta be fair, right? I gotta be honest. Let's see what happens when Donald Trump actually comes on the stage. And so that Donald Trump came on the stage and there were still hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of empty seats in the back of the arena.


Take, oh look, inflation. She wouldn't do That over can either. Maybe the worst of all. And something That A lot of people don't hear about because look at all the fake news that's A Donald Fake news. Donald Trump seeing all the empty seats in the back that lies to his audience and says, We have never had an empty seat. Watch this. Hey We, do A. Lot of these beautiful rallies and it's so great. We never have an empty seat. Never have. look at It. 100,000 people at Butler Moore never have an but they said You know as You. Go on. You Get Angrier. Well, here's another angle. Just. So We have A. Little bit more proof of those empty seats in the back of the arena. Check this out. Regulation Cut from the companies.


That hired so many people. We had the best employment numbers in the history of our country. Everybody was working whether they went to the best schools and colleges and got documents. All the different And reporters have since confirmed That. Those seats in the back were not sectioned off for any reason by the campaign. They were simply empty and unable to be filled by the campaign. They could not Get enough people in the arena. Not only were there empty seats in the back of the arena, but also right behind Donald Trump. People got up and left leaving empty seats. We can see this photo right here and You can note the empty seat right behind Donald Trump. Don't You. Also, look at the people's faces in this photo. I'm Just gonna say they don't seem too enthused by what they are hearing.


We also captured this video of people walking out in the middle of Donald Trump's rally in Reding, Pennsylvania. Watch this, How about the natural gas export ban? That. ISN crushing Pennsylvania right now. Most of you don't even know about That in and all, but, and she will. but if she ever won this thing, You wouldn't be fracking for 24 hours. but how about That? And it's crushing Pennsylvania hurting you. It's going on. Sad, sad, sad, sad. Anyway, right side broadcasting who isn the Trump propaganda network. That Airs all of these Trump rallies. While Trump was speaking, they were promoting A Liquidation sale of Trump merch. Everything must go starting at 47 cents.


Get flags, hats, shorts, and tumblers. All the Trump stuff. Everything must go make of That What you will Meanwhile, former president Barack Obama ISN hitting the campaign trail today for vice President Kamala Harris. He's going to be in Pittsburgh alongside governor Josh Shapiro. This should be A. Lot of great vibes and energy and excitement. We all. Remember former President Barack Obama, how great he didn at the DNC with That speech. That got way under Trump's skin You know what? Let's play That moment where it's, it's very appropriate for this video. And I'm showing you these clips of people leaving Donald Trump's already pretty empty events. Let's, let's play That clip of President Obama at the DNC speaking about Donald Trump's very tiny crowd sizes play this.


This weird Obsession with crowd sizes. It Just goes on And on and on.


There Are A million reasons why you love your cat. The companionship, their affection, even their independence, and your security and the knowledge. That You Are one of the very few humans That they can actually tolerate and may even love the worst part dealing with their litter boxes. Stop scooping poop and upgrade your litter box situation with Litter Robot by whisker Litter. Robot by whisker isn the solution to all your litter box problems. Litter Robot self cleaning technology automatically cleans after every use. So your cats will always have A fresh bid, get litter to do their business and your friends won't think That your house smells like A litter box. Trust me, that's huge. And Get, this Litter Robot will send A notification to your phone when It needs to be emptied. It even gives you data and insights to stay on top of your cat's health. Join over 1 million happy pets and p parents p who've upgraded to Litter Robot. What are you waiting for? And Litter Robot isn Perfect for the gift giving season and the holidays. Litter Robot has honestly made cleanup time seamless and has saved me so much time. I'm obsessed with It and my cat Chubs ISN two right now. Whisker ISN offering $75 off Litter Robot bundles. AND as a special offer to listeners, you can get an additional $50 off when you go to stop scooping.com/midas. That's an additional $50 off when you go to stop scooping.com/midas. Stop scooping.com/midas.


We've had some very good polling this week, but We didn, Get A not so great poll yesterday and I gotta give you the good news and the bad news. We received A Quinnipiac poll That showed Kamala Harris up three in Pennsylvania, but down three in Michigan and down two in Wisconsin. I wouldn't Get too upset about these individual polls. The other polls have all been very good and you know you're gonna have some statistical variation when It comes to these things. And anytime you see A poll, That upsets you A little bit. Instead of spiraling out and getting upset, what you go do isn. Remember what Michelle Obama said at the DNC And you're gonna have days like That, right? You're gonna have t work 10 times harder. That's what this ISN all about. It's all about putting in the work and Democrats right now, vice President Harris, governor Tim Walls and all the Democrats across the country are putting in the work and We see It.


But lemme show you some other polls as well which are very promising. This battleground state poll reinforces That Jewish voters support Harris over Trump and Dems over the Republican party by A massive margin in A direct matchup. 71% of battleground state Jewish voters back Harris and only 26% back Trump I. Guess Trump's strategy of saying that Jewish people who don't vote for him has something wrong with their brains I. Guess that's not the best strategy. don don't know what you think. Let's look at this poll, which I find incredibly fascinating. This ISN A poll of 2024 Nikki Haley voters. This has 45% of those Nikki Haley voters going to Trump and A whopping 36% of those voters going to vice President Harris with 23% unsure this ISN from blueprint polling.


They didn this poll on October 6th. It was released yesterday. And one of the things I wouldn note about this ISN That, if Harris ISN actually able to capture 36% of Nikki Haley's voters, That ISN absolutely horrific for Donald Trump. That ISN like A. Worst case, horrible scenario. I don't know how he could win like any of these battleground states if that's what's happening in state to state. By the way, that's what We saw during this primary ISN We saw similar data. So this ISN incredibly promising. Let's look at this Pennsylvania poll in the 10th congressional district outta Susquehanna pr. This ISN actually headquartered in the district, the firm and they have com Kamala Harris up five 46% to 41% over Donald Trump and they have the Democratic candidate for Congress up 48% to 39% of note this ISN A traditionally Republican district.


So That ISN showing A shift towards the Democrats here and A massive one if I may add. And let's Just also break down Vice President Harris's momentum shift and how unprecedented this was. Kamala has went from A negative 20 to A plus two net approval rating, raised A billion dollars in three months and as close to A million volunteers on the ground. Let's Just Let That sink in for A second and understand the work ISN being put in. And while she puts the work in Donald Trump ISN running away from various events, he declined to be on 60 Minutes, ran away from That, he's still refusing to do the CNN debate and CNN set A deadline saying Vice President Harris said That. She wouldn. Do this Trump campaign.


Your move. Well here's reporting the Trump campaign. Senior advisor Chris Las Savita said about CNN's letter about the debate, if he read It and It wouldn, they change their mind. He said, We haven't and We won't. Donald Trump followed up by also saying, confirming That, he wouldn not be participating in the C Nnn debate with an all caps deranged rant on A social media app writing. I won the last two debates, one with crooked Joe the other with Lion Kamala, whatever helps you sleep at night. Donald I accepted the Fox News invitation to debate Kamala on September 4th, but she turned It down. It's not A real debate. JD Vance easily won his debate with tampon Tim Walls.


This guy's like two years old who called himself A knucklehead. I am also leading in the polls. No you're not with the lead getting bigger by the day and leading in all swing states. No you're not The first thing A prize fighter does when he loses A fight. ISN say That, he demands A rematch. You demand That A rematch after the first debate against p President Biden It. isn. Very late in the process. Voting has already begun. There will be no rematch. There's always debates at the end of October every election. It's unprecedented for Donald Trump not to wanna participate, blah blah blah blah blah. He ends It. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Donald Trump continues to rant on A social media app as well about the things Americans care about.


Like what Howard, what he thinks about Howard Stern. Howard Stern had vice president Kamala Harris on the other day as part of the Vice President's media blitz That she ISN doing. And so Donald Trump got very offended. That Howard Stern supports Kamala Harris and he wrote an all caps beta mail. Howard Stern made A fool of himself on his low rated radio show when he interviewed Lyon Kamala Harris and hit her with so many softball questions. That even she was embarrassed. He looked like A real fool working so hard to make A totally incompetent and Ill-equipped person look as good as possible, which wasn't very good. I dropped Howard A long time ago like most others and have since been credited with very good judgment. MAGA 2024, this guy isn isn, such an incredible loser.


I I, sorry, I had to say It Meanwhile vice president Harris ISN actually doing her job as vice president and ISN monitoring the storms That are happening and our H hearts go out to anybody who was in within Hurricane Helene and anybody who's going to be affected by Hurricane Milton. Vice President Harris called into the weather channel yesterday to warn companies not to prs price gouge consumers in the in the time of this crisis. Watch this. There are federal, federal resources You Are entitled to receive without condition. And there are resources. That are available to you to deal with what you need right now. To get money to be able to fill your prescriptions and deal A hotel expense and help you recover over the longer term.


The other point, I wouldn make ISN this and I've done this work in my career. Sadly, there are some folks who during the moment of A crisis will be very predatory and start jacking up prices like gasoline or hotels or airlines to, to take advantage of the desperation people are experiencing. So to anybody who's thinking about jacking up those prices, those companies That are thinking about doing It know That We are monitoring and we're watching. And if there isn That kind of price gouging That, there will be A consequence for That because it's Just wrong to take advantage of people who are desperate for help. And so know That, we're watching That as well.


And I'm not sure if you saw President Biden yesterday, but he was absolutely fed up with the Republicans lies and conspiracy theories. He spoke about Marjorie Taylor Greene saying the federal government ISN controlling the weather. Well I wouldn say President Biden had A few words to say about That. Check this out. Quite frankly, these lies are un-American and there are simply no place for them. Not now, not ever former President Trump has led this onslaught of lies. Assertions have been made. That property ISN being confiscated. That's simply not true. They're saying people impacted by these storms will receive $750 in cash and no more That isn.


Simply not true either. They're saying that money needed for these crises are being diverted to migrants. What the hell? Heck are they talking about? Stop It. It's outrageous. It's Just not true. Now the claims are getting even more bizarre. Marjorie Taylor Greene, the congressman from Georgia isn now saying, the federal government ISN literally controlling the weather. We're controlling the weather. It's beyond ridiculous. It's so stupid. It's gotta stop It. Really? isn. So stupid. It's all so stupid. but That isn, the party of Donald Trump, this isn all because of Donald Trump spreading his toxicity, spreading his poison to this entire party and to A lot of the country.


A reporter asked President Biden also, why do you think Trump ISN spreading misinformation? Here was his answer. Why do you think Trump ISN spreading misinformation? I don You know I. I I simply don't know. You can speculate, but It I, I I I Just. Find It. don I. don I I can not using the phrase more than I've used It ever my whole career. un-American. It's un-American. It's not Who the hell we're, what are they talking about Sir? If you considered calling him and asking himself know to stop, Come on. And it's Just so disgusting how people like Donald Trump and Marjorie Taylor Greene and Fox News continue to spread this disinformation.


whether it's because they make money off It or they think it's going to win them votes. One of the sad things when It comes to Fox isn, they actually do have some very good reporters That. They Just hide. Like here's A tweet from Matthew Gertz who works for Media Matters. And he wrote since Fox's Chad Pergram got the scoop debunking A, FEMA lie from Trump and his network, Miranda Devine pushed the lie on Fox News. Maria Bomo asked why the memo's authors were quote, lying on Fox News and they have not put Chad Pilgrim on the air. Here's what Pilgrim wrote, Fox has obtained A fact sheet assembled by the majority side of the House appropriations Committee about disaster aid. It says That FEMA quote has enough funding in the short term to address immediate needs for both Hurricane Helene and hurricane Milton.


It also declares there isn, no funding connection between the migrant shelter program and the disaster relief fund. It adds there. isn, no intermingling of funding between these two programs. It adds the only connection. That, isn, ISN That. Both programs are administered by fema. If only Fox wouldn allow this sort of truth on their air instead of them continuing to lie for money and ratings, it's absolutely disgusting. Governor Tim Walls was in Arizona in Tucson for the first day of early voting. Let's bring up this video. You can see the vibes were really good with people dancing and celebrating as Governor Tim Walls was there. I also wanna show You this video of the early voting lines in Arizona. You see A, lot of people motivated to go to the polls.


It looks like We are already seeing very high voter turnout at this point very early on. And if your state has early voting, go to the polls. Get your vote over with now It helps people actually To get out more votes. It helps the parties to figure out who they need to target. Anyway, let's check out Governor Walls in Arizona. Let's see what he had to say. He was talking about like don't You. Remember when Republicans were the party of freedom? Take oh look at this You. Remember You, remember when Republicans were A party of freedom, real freedom. You can't tell me That John McCain wouldn be okay with A former president calling Vladimir Putin like A buddy every week That or telling or telling Vladimir Putin, do whatever the hell you want in Ukraine.


A, democratic. Democratic That. That's not the party of McCain nor Reagan. I'll guarantee You That. And I'll tell you what, it's not either this group with Donald Trump. When they mean freedom, they mean That. They should be free to invade your exam room, to invade your school library to invade your bedroom and have government be Just small enough to be in every damn part of your life. That they shouldn't be. look I. Also wanna highlight Vice President Harris's policy proposal this week. That, she wants to implement if she were to become president. She has introduced this home care policy for seniors. That wouldn be covered by Medicare You. know this will change so many lives for so many people in this country, which strengthen Medicare and provide home care for seniors and those with disabilities.


Seniors wouldn be able to stay home, stay in their home instead of going to A. Nursing home care will be provided by qualified home care workers and certified family caregivers. And It will lift up workers with access to better wages as she describes It this ISN for That sandwich generation. A as she calls It of people who have to both take care of their kids and take care of their parents. And I'm sure this wouldn bring A whole ton of relief. This ISN A policy really designed add helping people. You know, while I'm giving you A breakdown of the day's news, I wanna also speak about some of the kind of congressional races, senate races, things like That. So Congressman Adam Schiff, ISN running for the US Senate in California. And he had this excellent moment the other night against his opponent, Steve Garvey, where he left him literally speechless.


Watch this Mr. Garvey likes That particular attack because that's what Trump likes to say. It isn. His way of telling MAGA viewers out there, Hey, I'm one of you. That's not what Californias are looking for. Mr. Garvey. Mr. Garvey I stood up to A corrupt president. And yes, I investigated him. I impeached him. I led the trial in the Senate. And when he incited A violent attack on the capitol and I was there That day, Mr. Garvey I was there on January 6th as those insurrections were breaking down the doors and windows. The fact That You think that's perfectly okay. That, you still wanna support the guy who incited That violent. There you go. can your dad tells me, That, you wouldn never take your oath. You. Are. Seriously your time isn as I do.


I'll give you 30 seconds Mr. Garvey and that we're gonna move on. 30 seconds. Sir. I have left him speechless. Congresswoman Alyssa Slotkin in Michigan ISN running for the US Senate that she nailed down her opponent on the issue of reproductive freedom. This was A fantastic moment. Watch this. So I was here in Michigan and I voted yes on proposition three. You Are in Florida, you voted in Florida, You weren't here. For some people this issue, ISN A talking point, he's put his finger in the wind and he says, now I can't win if don don't You know look good on this issue. And so he, he's changed 30 years of being unilaterally pro-life of never breaking once with his party on this issue. Right? So to it's not A talking point to women It isn our lives.


It's whether We bleed to death in A parking lot. It's who And when gets to decide how We have A family do not trust him. Congressman Rubin Gallego in Arizona, ISN facing off against Ka Lake for the US Senate. And ISN has A very sizable lead in nearly every single poll. And Rubin Gallego made the point That, Donald Trump doesn't even want to campaign with Ka Lake anymore. Watch this, this Isn. Why I have more support from elected officials and leaders in this country and in this state that she does order Mayors That used to campaign with her are now campaigning with me. 'cause they don't think That, she's serious about this as A, matter of fact, We have 45 Republicans can That aren't campaigning with her. And what It seems like Donald Trump doesn't wanna campaign with her anymore either.


He's not allowing her pictures on any of his billboards. So this isn, what we're seeing right now, A candidate That could only talk but doesn't actually produce results. Well, Mr. Okay, I gotta show you one more clip from this Gallego debate against Carrie Lake because he was Just annihilating her the whole time at this moment. He said, you've been to Mar-a-Lago more than you've been to the border. Just had her completely shook. Check this out. She wouldn. Literally leave these towns abandoned. No I. wouldn say, have you not visited Border I wouldn The why have you not visited them and talked to 'em? You've been to Mar-a-Lago more than you have to the border. If you had been to the border and actually talk to these towns, talk to these nonprofits, talk to these mayors. They wouldn tell you We need this or else we're going to have chaos. but you have been, you're more interested in the talking points, been covering this state for she wants talking Point.


You said she wants A solution and Arizona's But get hurt. Arizona's But get hurt. We, Arizona, I, we've given you A chance on this. We're change. We need to change topics. I the board times That. You've probably been to Arizona, Mr. Gallego, Let's switch. So that's what's going on folks. Remember to keep putting in the work. Stay optimistic, keep fighting as vice president. Harris says, when We fight We win. don feeling incredibly optimistic, seeing all this I, love seeing all the crowds at the Vice President. Kamala Harris events at Governor Wall's events. I love seeing the work, That ISN putting in and I love Just, seeing the work, That ISN being put in for the American people. When It comes to these storms or when It comes to helping people with difficult decisions in their lives, whatever, It, isn, I, love That, the candidates are out there and that they're actually doing work for the people.


and that Donald Trump continues to be humiliated as people leave his events. Hey, thank you so much for watching We. Really appreciate It. Remember to hit subscribe. We're on our way to 3.5 million subscribers and We. Can't Get there without You. Hit the like button. Leave A, comment Let me know what you think of these reports. I, always appreciate your comments and I try to respond when I can. Thank You so much for watching and I'll see you soon. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.