
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


If You've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-L com slash spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpay, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra se terms@mintmobile.com.


This Is what they want to distract you with. Stuff like this. This is from the official White House account. Roses are red, violets are blue. Come here illegally and we'll deport you. And it's Donald Trump and Tom Holman. The borders are, but let's talk about what's really going down. The ultimate instant betrayal by Donald Trump of all of his promises, at least that were pushed by the media, that instantly prices were going to drop egg prices. So this is from Fox Up 267%. Just go try to go around and find, try to find eggs number one, and then try to find eggs that are in any way affordable or any grocery prices. Grocery prices are up, gas prices are up.


I think there's only a handful of states now that have below $3 gas with former President Biden. It was, you know, almost a majority of states having below $3 gas states, red states are gonna are getting hit hard. Red states like Alabama are finding out that some of the aid that was being provided by the federal government as well as being cut off, some subsidies being cut off. So people are just having a hundred dollars here, $50 there, a hundred dollars there, added to their bills. This is from the Huntsville, Alabama Utilities company telling people that the Community Action Agency and limestone communities has notified us that a grant that you receive for a hundred dollars is being pulled back by the Trump administration and this stuff goes a long way to help people.


I know the billionaires don't think a hundred dollars here or there is helpful for we the people, but it absolutely is. Let, let me, let me share this with you so you have the full kind of perspective of it, and I want To get into some of the issues with the prices surging inflation. But let me just show this clip. So this is Donald Trump saying on the campaign so we can be, I wanna show you the receipts. So we're 100% conclusive that Donald Trump said that immediately day one prices would get lower. Just so you can see for yourself here, play the clip, Mr. Mr. President, because of these tariffs, who do you think voters should hold responsible? Oh, I think what's gonna go up is jobs are gonna go up and prices could go up somewhat short term, but prices will also go down and I think the farmers are gonna be helped by this very much because Then last week in the Oval Office, Donald Trump said there may, the prices may go higher, they may go lower.


I don't know. Here play this clip. When I win, I will immediately bring prices down starting on day one, starting the day. I take the oath of office. I will rapidly drive prices down and we will make America affordable again. Prices will come down. You just watch, they'll come down and they'll come down fast. We will rapidly defeat inflation. We're gonna bring your prices down. Well vote Trump and your incomes will soar. Your net worth will skyrocket your energy costs and grocery prices. Willum.


Ever walk into a store and just stare at the wall of wine like it's some kind of cryptic puzzle. Yeah, same. That's why I stopped wasting time guessing and started getting my wine from Naked Wines. We're the best independent wine makers deliver right to my door. This podcast is sponsored by Naked Wines. It's 2025. Do you still shop for wine like it's 2005? Well, time to upgrade Naked Wines connects you directly to world class independent wine makers, so you can get award-winning bottles delivered straight to your door without the massive retail markup. I recently enjoyed a bottle of the matte parish Napa Valley Cabernet, and let me tell you, it was incredible. I love cracking open a bottle, putting my phone away, and actually enjoying the moment with friends and family. Here's how it works. Naked Wines cuts out the middleman letting wine makers pass the savings onto you so you get top tier wine at up to 60% off store prices, no gimmicks, no memberships, just amazing wine. And If you need to pause or cancel, it's super easy. Now is the time to join the Naked Wines community. Head to Naked wines.com/midas, click enter voucher and put in my code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S for both the code and password To get six bottles of wine for just 39 99 with shipping included. That's $100 off your first six bottles. That's naked wines.com/midas and use code Midas for both the code and password and get six bottles for just 39 99. Cheers.


Now, you also remember that after the election when Donald Trump gave that interview with Time Magazine, he said that it's hard To get prices lower, and he tried to act like he never promised that prices were going To get lower. Then he went to the New York Stock Exchange and he was asked by a reporter, should people be able to, do you want workers to invest in the stock market? He goes, I wouldn't or, or I'm not sure because there may be a bad dip is what he said. Let's just just take a look at the headlines right now. Right? What were the headlines saying? When former President Biden was in office when they were talking about the economy, they called it a a Goldilocks economy. They called it a manufacturing boom, 40,000 infrastructure projects taking place.


It seemed every day there were records being set, but now we get headlines like this. This is from the Washington Post, Trump's inflation challenge in seven charts, gas prices are rising, mortgage rates are falling, and Americans are feeling worse about the economy. I think it's deceptive to say mortgage rates are falling. It's not like 6.97%, so it's actually up in the aggregate. But anyway, here are some of the stats to think about. Inflation is heating up. Prices are on the upswing, annual inflation rate, consumer price index. You see inflation now starting to spike up. We got a horrible inflation report for Trump's first month.


Americans are down on the economy again, Americans across political parties are souring on the economy. Retail sales fell more than expected in January. Households are bracing for another bump in inflation. Americans expect inflation to worsen in the coming year, expected changes in prices during the next year. I mean, just look, take a look at this chart right here like, like look at, like look at that, okay, that is a massive jump that people were told through these media narratives that inflation was gonna get lower and now it's spike. Now people are believe it's spiking.


It's because of all of the chaos that's being caused. But what are the, what's the Trump spin on this? So you know what they're saying. This is what they're going, we are in a cleanup phase with the last administration's economic policies said, Kush aside, a spokesman for the White House quote. Some of the things we'd like to do are really quick like deregulation and energy policy, but as far as cutting government spending to reduce aggregate demand, that takes a bit more time to kick in. Again, you saw the clip I shared with you at the beginning of this video. Trump said it would happen immediately, but you want to talk about energy policy. We were energy independent under former President Biden.


There was more drilling than at any time in history, and we were ex, we were exporting more gas and oil than ever before. It was actually a a boom of what was taking place there. Then you want to talk about far as cutting government spending to reduce the aggregate demand. I looked at the Republican budget. I mean, you are looking to have a $5 trillion tax cut for the billionaires. You're gonna propel us into a recession or a depression and you're not in a cleanup phase. Biden was in the cleanup phase when you handed over the economy in a CO chaotic world and Biden turned it around, you added $8 trillion of debt and by adding $8 trillion of debt, that's what caused inflation as well as the destruction of supply lines in Trump's mishandling of the PPP program, which went to lots of rich people as opposed to regular folk as well.


And Donald Trump just destroyed the economy. Here's what it says. It goes on to say that the latest snapshot of prices released this past week showed an unexpected rise in inflation last month, and it goes notably, grocery prices also picked up steam growing at their fastest rate in more than two years. Grocery prices, not just eggs. Grocery prices in general, high food costs were a key part of the Trump's campaign as he traveled the country promising to slash prices on bacon, eggs, and apples like a total betrayal right there. Then it says, after a burst of post-election optimism, consumers are back to feeling crummy about the economy.


It was manipulated optimism because outlets like you, Washington Post and New York Times and whatever were saying, this is great, this is amazing. Things are gonna be great. And I'm like, no, they're not. His policies are destructive. They're inflationary. They're recessionary or depression. That's what they are. And here's the thing folks. Some of the economic data lags. What, what respected economists who I speak to, what they were saying is they expected the bad economic data to hit more like May or June, not like right away. Trump's been so bad. He's basically propelled us into like covid level chaos already.


And it's not even being talked about with the right words. I mean, we are here on the Midas touch network, but what do you think happens when 50% of Canada or more boycotts tourism, if it's 10% that boycotts are tourism into the United States that costs 144,000 jobs and $2 billion in economic damage? Now let's talk about that times five. Do the math and then what about the retaliatory tariffs? What about when Canadians don't buy American goods? What happens when Europeans feel the same way after JD Vance shows up in Germany and attacks every European country, you think they're gonna buy American products?


No, it's a scarlet letter to buy American. So in addition to retaliatory tariffs in response to Trump's tariffs, that'll hurt by itself, but they're not even factoring in the international boycott and corporate media isn't talking about it. They're covering it up the way they cover up the protest. That's why we need to talk about these things. So when it happens, we're not like, oh, where'd that come from? You know, we're giving you the facts here about what's really going down. It goes on to talk about how economists at the University of Michigan, which administers their consumer sentiment survey noted the decline in sentiment has been pervasive across political parties, ages, and wealth groups.


So it's not like with Biden where all of the Republicans, because they lived in their toxic right-wing rage algorithm, believed everything was horrible and Democrats and some independents had a normal perspective on the economy of what the objective data showed. No, all Americans right now feel terrible and people are spending less. Americans kept a tight hold on their wallets in January spending less at car dealerships, hardware stores, and clothing shops than they did the month before. That's, that's a big data, and the tariffs are harming as well. Gas prices are going up.


Americans expect, again, 4.3% inflation or more when it was going down to 2%. Americans believe 4.3%. And you have Trump, like you saw at the beginning of the video saying, I don't, I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. They can try to spin this every which way. They control corporate media, they control the propaganda machines or so they think, but we've got this network telling you the truth. Put in the comments below. If you've seen, I want to hear from you. If gas prices are going up in your area, let me know. If you are spending less, let me know. If you are Canadian or anywhere across the world and you're boycotting America, let me know.


I want to hear from my European friends, my Australian friends, New Zealand friends, south America, you name, wherever you're from, central America, Mexico, wherever. Let us know If you are boycotting America. I want to hear your stories in the comments. Also, maybe I'll do a video where I share your story. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million together. Thank you for watching. We're gonna keep on telling the truth here every day. We're gonna get through this together, okay? Hey, Midas, mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us. Now We're


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.