
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one Plus and Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carbon chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new Burlington dog. Ah, I give buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington, I told you so.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


China is putting on a clinic right now in standing up against Donald Trump. They are checkmating him over and over again and humiliating him in public. They've got a multi-pronged strategy to checkmate him. On the retaliatory tariff side, China's raised their retaliatory tariffs to 125% effectively shutting down the China's market from United States goods and products. So that's step one. Then on the public relations side of things, they are just continuing to mock the United States with memes and on social media.


They're putting out this AI footage of American overweight Americans in factories putting together iPhones as the Trump regime says that he wants Americans to start building an assembling iPhones and things like that. And then on the diplomatic side of things, China's been reaching out to former allies of America and they've been building relations there, trying to open free trade agreements, for example, with Europe, the China electric vehicle manufacturer, BYD for example, we've seen their shares, their stock surge, and China's BYD now gaining a foothold in Europe, which used to be kind of the home where Teslas would thrive.


See you later. Teslas people are not buying those BYDA car that many people actually say is superior, but had previously been prevented based on regulatory machinations in Europe and the United States from getting into other markets. So China's been doing this I Think in a very smart and sophisticated way. You have Xi Jinping kind of inspired by, you know, sun Zoos, the art of war. Donald Trump, the art of the deal, which he didn't even write, which we know from Donald Trump's past, is bankrupting essentially everything that he touches. So let's just go through this one by one methodically and let me just give you the data points.


So we know that China raised its retaliatory tariffs on the US goods to 125%. China's leader, Xi Jinping put out a message. We're not afraid we'll go until the end. We're not going to go out and reach out to Donald Trump at all. We're not going to beg China's a proud country. The statement that was also issued from China's foreign ministry is quote, given that the current tariff level US exports to China are no longer even commercially viable, China's not going to respond to any further tar hikes by the US on Chinese goods. China's ministry of finance that in a statement to the media on Friday.


Let me give you some additional data points though here. Here is China's foreign ministry spokesperson or ministry of foreign affairs. I want you to listen to what he says as he announces the 125% tariff on US goods. Let's play It. I want to emphasize that there are no winners in tariff wars and trade wars. China is unwilling to fight, but is also not afraid to fight. I want to emphasize, if the US really wants to resolve issues through dialogue and negotiation, they should stop the extreme pressure and reckless actions.


China has never bought into that. Any dialogue must be based on equality, respect, and reciprocity. If the United States insists on engaging in a tariff and trade war, China will certainly see it through to the end. China is a responsible country. Our countermeasures against the United States bullying are to safeguard our legitimate rights and interests, uphold international rules and order, protect the common interests of countries worldwide and maintain international fairness and justice.


Yielding and compromising in the face of American bullying and overbearing behavior leaves nowhere. Then I Think there's a number of data points from this well-known China analyst and business person, Victor Gao, saying that China will fight to the very end in any trade war after Trump hit China with 145% tariffs Play this clip. China is fully prepared to fight to the very end because the world is big enough that the United States is not the totality of the market in the world. So if the United States wants to go in that direction of completely shutting itself out of the China market, be my guest, Yeah, and China will lose the US market, which as I've said is 15%.


We Don't care. Can't we don't care. We don't. We don't care. China has been here for 5,000 years. Most of the time there was no United States and we survived. And if the United States wants to bully China, we will deal with the situation without the United States and we expect to survive for another 5,000 Years. Here's Gao again saying that China will never kiss Trump's ass. Let's play it Just a few hours ago that countries are calling up, many countries are calling up. He used the phrase kissing my ass. Would China ever do that? China will never do that. And that is the most demeaning thing for a president of a country to say about his counterparts in other countries.


Therefore, I Think President Trump should really learn how to be a better president for the United States. And the United States has always claimed to be the leader of so many countries or of the world as they claim, try to be a better leader rather than throwing huge wedges into other country, try to break their spirit and claiming victory, whereas there is no victory because such activities will only create resentment, especially among its allies.


Have you heard about the crime that the FBI calls house stealing? It's a growing real estate scam targeting American homeowners and their equity. And here's how it works, criminals forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee and file with your county just like that your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property and you won't even know it's happened until you start getting collections or foreclosure notices. So let me ask you, when was the last time you checked your home title? Now, if you're like me, the answer is never. And that's exactly what scammers are counting on. That's why you need to stop what you're doing right now and find out today. If you are already a victim, just use my promo code Midas at Home Title Lock dot com and you'll get a free title history report to find out if your title is still in your name. Now, when you sign up, you'll also receive 14 days of free million dollar triple lock protection. That's immediate 24 7 monitoring of your property's title, urgent alerts if there are ever any changes. And if fraud should happen, their US-based restoration team will spend up to $1 million to fix the fraud and restore your title at no additional cost. Get peace of mind now at Home Title Lock dot com, promo code Midas or click the link in the description, that's Home Title Lock dot com promo code Midas.


And here Victor Gau talks about building relations with Europe and also what I, what I like that Victor Gau says here, he goes, look, why don't we just view this just based on the facts and evidence and and view it dispassionately. He says, he goes, look, we are supporting a free trade. So what he's saying, I just want you to see, you know, whether you believe that China's doing this or not. The problem is, if you are trying to say that you want to create deterrence against China's expansion, it sounds a whole lot more rational than what, than what Trump is spewing. And that's a problem when the, you know, if you are trying to, if you believe that there's an adversarial trade relationship between the United States and China, Trump is opening up this kind of gaping hole in leadership for China to fill this void, both in terms of the expansion of the bricks block, but also China reaching out to Canada, Australia re which they're doing Europe and elsewhere, and saying you can't rely on them.


We're we wanna step in, let's figure out how to work together. So what Victor Gao says here is he's like, look, we support free trade, we support sovereignty of nations. We're not going to tariff you. We only want to be supportive. On the other hand, you've got Trump behaving like a bully just wa just listen in your listen for yourself Play this clip. I Think the choice is not between China or the United States. That real choice is between whether the United States is doing the right thing or the wrong thing, or whether China is doing the right thing or the wrong thing. In this case of global tariff war launched by the United States against the rest of the world, the United States is doing the wrong thing. There are all the evidences to prove it.


And China is the major stabilizing force in the world. Promoting what? Promoting free trade, promoting protection, the international trading order. So I Think the choice is quite clear regardless of what EU or Europe will do, China will continue to do the rising that is to stand up firm and to strike back at the wrongful deeds of global warfare using tariff as a weapon against so many other countries. So how so I Think with Europe, China will continue to do the right thing. I Think China and Europe are really resizing up each other and we're talking about whether we can sign up the comprehensive agreement of investment. There are even talks about maybe it is time for China and Europe to start the process of discussing the agreement of a free trade between China and eu.


And you recently made a decision to abandon the so-called tariffs against the China made the EV car and they want to set up a minimum price for the China made EV car in the European market. So I Think the signs are very encouraging. China and EU or China and Europe should not view each other as enemies. We should become real partners to get things done for mutual benefit from. Should also be noted too that as I mentioned, China and Europe growing closer together. Great work Donald making that happen. European being European tourism to the United States is free falling the same thing.


Remember I said this is we of course know about the Canadian boycott of all things American and boycott of tourism. And I said, what Canada's doing there is going to spread to, it's going to spread to Europe. I said, they're gonna do the boycotts in Europe also just watch. And that's what we're seeing happen right now. Europe boycotting tourism to the United States and also like not just because the United States has declared trade wars, you know on them, but also because it's dangerous. You go to the United States, you may end up in an ice detention center or be sent to El Salvador without due process at all. I showed you before that China's commerce ministry said that the United States has become a joke.


The ministry said Washington's repeated use of excessively high tariffs has become a little more than a number game, economically meaningless and revealing its use of tariffs as a tool of bullying and coercion. Also, us told China, can you please have Xi Jinping called Donald Trump? Trump is caving left and right. He's begging for a call like a desperate person as Geiger capital puts. It doesn't have to be one gender or the other. And then I told you about the Chinese officials trolling Trump with memes as the US tariff battle with China rages. It's less of a battle and more of China clobbering the United States right now. There's images like this.


This is China's attitude. Chinese medicines mock us tariffs with memes. You see their Trump and Musk and JD Vance And that AI meme. This make America great again hat made in China that's gonna cost way more money. Here's China's meme war with the US us after Trump too. Make America strong again. Apple made in the USA as as this account, Adam puts it. The Chinese are trolling America with memes on America. Rein reindustrialization. The Chinese embassy in the US are posting videos of Ronald Reagan.


Why, why don't I leave you with this as well though. This is, this is the, the CEO of of apple of course. And here he talks about why Chinese labor and why it's such a reliable market. He goes, 'cause it, it goes, the labor's smart Play this clip, There's a confusion about China and let me g at least give you my opinion. Their popular conception is that companies come to China because of low labor cost. I'm not sure what part of China they go to, but the truth is, China stopped being the low labor cost country many years ago. The reason is because of the skill, the quantity of skill in one location and the type of skill it is.


Like the products we do require really advanced tooling. And the the precision that you have to have in tooling and working with the materials that we do are state of the art. And the tooling skill is very deep here. You know, in in the US you could have a meeting of tooling engineers and I'm not sure we could fill the room in China. You could fill multiple football fields. It's that vocational, vocational expertise is very deep, very, very deep here. Well, Let me know what you think right there. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and things we're watching you. Might it merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more.


All at store. Job midas touch.com.