
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. And its other markets, terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today


Does First Lady, Dr. Jill Biden, have a $100 million lawsuit now that she could file against Donald Trump for stealing her name, image, and likeness to promote colognes and perfumes during the presidential transition period? I can't even believe that is a sentence, but repeatedly, Donald Trump has been advertising his new fight, fight, fight perfumes and colognes that he's selling for $199, but it doesn't. And there folks, Donald Trump is using Dr. Jill Biden's image.


Here's what it says, just so you can all see for yourself. It says a fragrance your enemies can't resist. Despicable, disgusting, and just so unbecoming of the United States presidency will break that down. Doesn't Donald Trump also give a little bit of those bahar al Asad kind of vibes right now? I mean, If you think about it, there's Bahar Alad, there's Donald Trump right there. Donald Trump is posting today, people who are building statues for him in MAGA states. Not the best thing that you should do when statues of dictators are being toppled across the country right now.


That's right, folks. Damascus has fallen, the rebels have taken control of Syria. President Biden's out there with some very serious statements that balances the opportunity for peace in Syria, but also recognizes that America's role must be to stop the regrowth of ISIS as well, will break that down, as well as other international affairs where the pro-democracy community continues its protests in the country of Georgia against the pro Putin dream party there. Talk about everything that's going on in international affairs where Vladimir Putin never seemed weaker.


So what's he doing? He knows how to play Donald Trump like a fiddle nuclear blackmail against Donald Trump, and Putin keeps putting his oligarchs on Russian State TV to kind of taunt Donald Trump. We'll cover that here as well. Also, Donald Trump gave that interview with Meet the Press, which should be reframe, perhaps meet American Propaganda 1984 Orwellian style. What a embarrassing interview from just the questions that were asked. No, pushing back on Donald Trump's lies. But Donald Trump did talk about separating families, potentially withdrawing from nato, how gas prices and other prices are potentially going to rise as a result of his tariffs and more.


We'll talk about all of this. So might has Touch podcast. I am Ben Misel is joined by Brett and Jordy, and of course should have that programming note at the beginning that after the show ends, soon as it ends, go to patreon.com/midas touch. We have that secret zoom link for all of our patrons. Can't wait to see you at our secret meeting. No questions off limits. Excited to see you there. Brett Jordy, how are you guys? Well, I'm really excited for the Patreon today after this, and if you're listening to this on audio, it's already happened. You could rewatch it by going to patreon.com/midas.


Touch and check that out for the next time. We're gonna be doing this just about every week now to make sure that we're able to all just be in touch as part of this community during these times. We think it's super important over here. Everything's going well, Ben. Looking good, by the way. Look at Ben over here. Ben, man, with a new setup looking fresh. HD Ben hd. Ben, this is, this is the first time I think a lot of people calling hd Ben. A lot of people seen you in HD the first time. So for those on audio, I upgraded my laptop and I upgraded my camera. Now, we still don't have the staff and team at Midas Touch Network to do it for me, so I did it myself. So I don't fully know where to look, but let's be real. I don't really know where to look anyway, and so I'm trying to look at, I'm trying to look at the camera, but you know, it's a whole different setup for me, so I'm gonna figure that out.


So bear with me. Jordan, you're doing great. Big, how are you? You are doing great, big bro. I can't wait to get into the show today. So I guess, why don't we just, why don't we just get started. Ben, where do you wanna lead us off? Okay. When I saw Donald Trump posting these advertisements for a fragrance that he sells@gettrumpfragrances.com, this follows Donald Trump selling Trump guitars and selling NFTs and sneakers assassination additions. I think you throw literally any item at the end of that selling Trump, and you could just name anything and like there's an 80% chance that you're gonna be right that he's selling. Well, If you notice the business model, If you want to call it that, is the same for all of these.


So he never actually creates the product first. So what it appears to me, this is again, my opinion from analyzing what I'm at least observing. I could be wrong, but I think it's accurate. It seems that he's posting AI images of the product that actually don't exist. And when you go to the frequently asked question section of all of these different products, which all have different.com names, they all basically say the same thing. That the product that you see in the photos is for illustrative purposes only. It's not the product you're going to get. So the $100,000 Trump watch, for example, which seems to have parts made in China, it, it's not even made.


So they sell it, they take in all of these orders, they kind of hoard the money, and then they decide how they're gonna manufacture it later. They're frequently asked questions. It's a concept. It's a concept of a product. It's a concept of a product. But look, to your point, Jordy concepts of products are different than concepts of healthcare. This is always when people are like, oh, you hate Donald Trump. Look, if Donald Trump wanted to go out there and he was in Mar-a-Lago and he was not running government, and he wanted to sell little trinkets, right? Sell this and sell that, go, go for it. Like I, I hope you're not scamming people.


I hope it's within the confines of the law, but good. That's what you wanna do, do it. Concepts of a made up Trump watch or perfume, Jordy, to your point, are different than concepts of a healthcare plan where If you remove people from the Affordable Care Act, Obamacare, If you take away people's social security, If you take away people's Medicare, that means human beings are dying. We saw what concepts of a plan meant when Donald Trump was in charge during Covid. For him, it meant, oh, like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. Let's just ignore it. Let's pretend it's not here, and then we'll just start blaming people for it and not take any responsibility while millions of people die, and then rely on a whole propaganda apparatus to push it.


So Jordy, to your point, it's Grif. It's ridiculous. But also, this is an area of law that I teach at USC Law when I teach in the spring semester. I took off fall semester because me and my wife just had our first baby girl. He met it, but I'm back in action in spring in front of a class of over 100 students at USC, and we teach name, image, and likeness, law and intellectual property as part of the subject matter that I teach. So I consider myself to be somewhat of a subject matter expert in this type of litigation. You can't steal people's name, image, and likeness and use it for commercial purposes.


It's different than if you're reporting on the news that's newsworthy. The moment you start selling products, all of those exceptions don't apply. And now you are commercializing something, using someone's face to advertise your product. There's countless examples of lawsuits that were filed where people's name, image, and likeness were misappropriated. The cause of action, the legal claim is called misappropriation of name, image, and likeness. Sometimes it's referred to as a violation of someone's right of publicity that you have a right not to have someone publicize your image, your likeness, for the purpose of exploiting it for commercial ventures.


But you know, there was a case recently of the rapper ti and his wife, whose name is, her name is Tiny Harris. So ti created this band called OMG Girls back in 2009. A company then started releasing OMG dolls that seemed to use the image of tis band. He sued, he got a verdict for $71 million, and there had to be a lot of evidence. Uced, though, with a related, is that how the company created these OMG dolls? Here? You don't even have to deal with that. Trump is using Dr. Jill Biden's image to sell perfumes and to sell colognes.


You can't do that. It is unlawful in a civil sense. You could file a civil lawsuit for monetary damages, not a criminal thing. It's a civil thing. The statute of limitations on the low end is about two years. So she's got about a two year period. If she wants to sue him for this, what would the damages be? How much money is Donald Trump making from this stuff? Is he gonna be making five, 10, $20 million? Then I think she'd be entitled to punitive damages of three to five, maybe even as much as 10 times the underlying damages. So to me, he's just handed her a potential lawsuit if for a hundred million dollars, now you're probably saying, well, Ben, Dr.


Jill Biden's not going to sue him. She believes that the office of the First Lady is August. It should, it's respectful, it's dignified. 'cause it should be. So would she kind of go and, and bring things to this level? I don't know. She probably won't. But also, you may have to ask, when Donald Trump degrades the office this way, who else can you deter him from this conduct? I mean, you've seen when Eugene Carroll at least sued him, it did have a deterrent effect. When Donald Trump was slapped with gag orders, it did have a deterrent effect. He does back down when he is hit with these things.


So how do you stop a bully? I think you have to slap a hundred million dollar lawsuit on the bully. It's the only thing he reacts to. One more point, and then I'll toss it to you, Brett and Jordy. You know, Donald Trump's been found liable for sexual assault. Okay? Donald Trump is on tape bragging about sexually assaulting women. So when Donald Trump posts this photo next to the wife of President Biden and uses language like, can't resist a fragrance, your enemies can't resist and make some sexualized implication there, which by the way, Fox then parroted over and over again on all of the Fox shows in the morning.


They were basically saying, oh, it seems like Dr. Jill Biden is into power. Seems like, you know, she was into Donald Trump. He knows what he was doing that needs to be deterred and stopped. It's, it's frankly disgusting and despicable. And who wants, I mean, could you just ima the fact that this is normalized by corporate media, it's why I wanted to do this as our first story. And it's not to point out, oh, drum sewing griffy crap. It's just this is a stain on the United States of America and it deserves to be covered with, with seriousness and in the appropriate legal context, Jordy Brett.


Yeah, you know, and I'm not saying necessarily that the First Lady, Jill Biden should go ahead with a lawsuit like this, but I would like to see many more instances of kind of Democrats and just people in general not backing down to this guy. I, I think far too often, especially right now, you get the sense in a lot of ways that there are a lot of kind of politicians out there who were kind of like, they were like made nervous by the election. When you look at the results, yes, Trump won, and the electoral, you know, divide was pretty decent. But when you look at the popular vote, when you actually look at how many votes in each state, it's not like it was, it wasn't this mandate. It wasn't this blowout. Like they try to make it seem, and when you look at the gains that the Democrats made in the house, it tells a whole kind of different story even than the national race that was out there.


And so I, I think these sort of postmortems of, oh, like the Democrat brand is dead, like, like, we need to run away from all these policies. I think that is wrong. I think there are improvements to be made for sure, but I think this whole idea that like now we have to wave the white flag surrender, now we have to just, let's do what Donald Trump says and, and make Donald Trump happy. That concerns me a little bit because I think a healthy democracy does need an opposition to somebody who is so anti our democracy like Donald Trump. And it seems like every day when I open up social media, I see another post from somebody who I, I thought I respected or liked or whatever.


And you see something like, you know what, Elon Musk is very right. I actually agree with Elon Musk very much with this, you know, Donald Trump is very right about, it's like you don't have to bend over backwards to try to appease these people. They are not going to like you. They are not going to work with you. The whole thing is a con and it's about time that we all call this out and continue to use the power that you have that is a check on the executive branch, rather than just folding right off the bat. Absolutely. I spoke with Democratic Congress. Sorry, Jordy. No, I I would absolutely, I mean, he's just such a small, pathetic man. I'd like to think that Melania said no when he asked, Hey, can, can, can I do a photo of you and we could promote my cologne? And then Milani says, no. And so Trump decides, you know what I'm going to, I'm gonna go and do.


She should absolutely sue. I I'd love to see it because ultimately it, it's what you said, Brett. I, and I'm not putting this all on, on Dr. Jill Biden here. I'm not. But, but it, it's that essence, Brett, of people just rolling over and just letting Donald Trump be Donald Trump, right? Like, why and why time and time again, are we just letting this person get away with this type of abhorrent behavior? It's pathetic. It needs to stop. And it will only stop when you stand up to the bully. Ben Jordy, you mentioned Melania. What was she doing on Fox over this weekend? Well, Fox asked Melania, so what are you gonna do as the First lady? What initiatives you did be best before? What's your new initiative? I mean, B Best was like total bs, but Fox was like trying to do the propaganda for her, right?


And she was like, and again, I'm, I'm not playing Melania clips and I'm, I made a policy here on my videos. I'm not playing Donald Trump's. I have to talk about the news. I'm just not playing their audio and video. Neither am I gonna be playing Melania's audio and video. But her response is, well, I've created these very beautiful Christmas ornaments called the Merry Christmas America Collection and the Merry Christmas America collection for $90. You can buy the Merry Christmas America USA star. The USA Star is an Exclusive limited edition ornament. Purchasers have the option of receiving a digital collectible as well.


That's a photo of it. Instead of the real thing. If you would just like a photo of the ornament, oh, Ben, what the, what the hell man, are you kidding me right now? Like I thought you said you weren't playing clips of Melania, but that was clearly you thought, thought was in the, I thought she was in the room with us, with my new camera, with the new mic. It's like, you do look incredible. I amazing. Yeah, it's really next level impressions right there. But so then one of the Fox, one of the Fox hosts then says, well, Melania is actually donating all of the proceeds to a charity for children in need. Okay, no shit.


Whatcha are you talking about? It doesn't say anything of that on this. And normally If you were going to do that, you would list the charity it was going to go to. And why wouldn't she say that publicly? Why wouldn't the first thing you say is this money is going to charity. But then Fox does that and puts out that propaganda for her. Speaking of Melania though, I was just going back in history 'cause we've talked about Bashar Alad and I was thinking about can we talk, can we talk about the Fox propaganda though right now? 'cause they really, it's, and we're speaking of Assad, so I think this all kind of plays in, it's really ramped up to just the craziest level. So the other day, Fox sends out a push notification.


This was, I'm paraphrasing it ever so slightly, but the push, push notification sent out by the Fox News app was something along the lines of Trump shows dominance with ha with Macron handshake showing America is back. And you're like, what do we do? What are we doing here? Like in North Korea, if they ran that headline, I think even they would be like a little much guys really, that's like, we we're probably pushing the limits of what the people might believe. But that was an actual headline from an organization that purports to be a news organization. But you could see how that being beamed out to millions of people's phones at the same time being put on headlines.


While the antithesis of that is also being rolled out, attacking attack, attack, attack funded with billions and billions and billions of dollars. You could see how this propaganda works and how it permeates and how they try to make these dynamics of strength verse weakness. Look, Donald Trump tugged on this guy's hand. Hard America is back. Look, we are so back right now, folks, that's dominance, that's manliness, man. The whole thing is totally pathetic and it's so obvious If you are kind of, if you're just looking for it. But I think if you're really just embedded in this world, maybe I'm, I'm trying to give some people the benefit of the doubt here. Maybe you don't see how obvious it is. I, I don't know. But it's so hamfisted to me that I don't know how you don't see that and go, all right, guy, like, give me gi gi gimme a break here guys.


Well, Brett, to your point, just so people know the exact context of that, right? President Macron of France invited Donald Trump to the reopening of the Notre Dame Cathedral, which was previously burned down. So this was a big event. Macron was smart. What he realized was, how do I get Donald Trump to meet with President Zelensky and send a message to Putin when Putin's looking very weak right now when Putin's big ally in Syria is being overthrown. So Macron was the one actually exercising strength and international leadership, and he realized we have this grandiose historical cathedral.


Let me invite Donald. So he gets a photo op and that Donald can look and act tough and act like a big shot right there. In the meantime, Macron then brings in Zelinsky and in a brilliant move, this is brilliant, it's really Macron's brilliant. He brings Zelinsky and Trump together, while Trump is, you know, thinking about his big handshake, which he looked ridiculous on. And by the way, Macron was ready for it and squeezing Trump really tight. And you could look at Trump's face in some of these photos. Again, I don't wanna show more Trump's stuff, but he, he leveraged Trump's desire for publicity and to see big, but to bring Zelinsky in for geopolitical purposes.


And so, you know, I wrote an article on midas plus.com about, and I called it the tiny or micro stick policy. I said, we used to have Teddy Roosevelt, the 1902 and thereafter, America's policy was, speak softly carry a big stick. You don't have to be loud and obnoxious, but you can back up ultimately what you do with power. I said, Trump's got a micro stick. It's like a tiny stick policy. It's act loud and obnoxious, but your p but you have no real power. So it's interesting to see how Macron was utilizing that and how our enemies, like Putin is utilizing that, Putin's using it with nuclear blackmail. Re regarding the handshake.


The handshake was the most ridiculous thing imaginable. I mean, Trump like approaches the handshake from like a downward 90 degree angle from the elbow. And like, like jerks the hand up in the weirdest way. It, it looked very strange. And you're right, Brett, all of the push alerts from Fox were like the most powerful move ever. He dominated the handshake, biggest handshake ever. Meanwhile, what was really taking place was Zelinsky was engaged. Thank you for chopping out the face. Zelinsky was engaged in a real diplomatic effort by pulling over Zelinsky. That's what was actually happening. And that's actually what the strength there is.


I wanna talk about all of that. I wanna talk about more of exposing Fox's propaganda. Then I want to talk about what's going on in Syria. Let's pivot to Trump's meet the press moment. Let's talk about President Biden 227,000 new jobs created again this month. I mean, president Biden will be handing off an economy that is the envy of the world. 16.1 million new jobs created. Let's talk about that and more. But let's take our first quick break. Before doing that, let me just remind you patreon.com/midas touch. I'm excited to chat with you on our Exclusive Zoom meeting in front of my new camera.


If I know where to look, I look right there. Let's take our, let's take our first quick break of the show


With big wireless providers. What you see is never what you get somewhere between the store and your first month's bill, the price you thought you were paying, it magically skyrockets. With MIT mobile, you'll never have to worry about gotchas ever again. When MIT Mobile says $15 a month, when you purchase a three month plan, they mean it. Think about all the bad experiences you've had with mobile providers in the past. Complicated Bills upcharges that you never thought were going to be there. Say bye-bye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping, monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you with premium wireless plans starting at 15 bucks a month. And all plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. So to get this new customer offer here at the Midas Touch Network and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mint mobile.com/midas. That's mint mobile.com/midas. Make sure you spell it right. M-E-I-D-A-S. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month@mintmobile.com slash midas. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 GB on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply C Mint mobile's for detail.


Isn't it funny how the people we love the most are often the hardest to shop for? You know what I mean? Luckily there's one gift that everyone on your list and my list is sure to enjoy. It's an Aura Digital picture frame name number one by wire cutter aura frames make it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. And when you give an Aura Frame as a gift, you can personalize and preload it with a thoughtful message and photos. Using the Aura app perfection, making it an ideal present for long distance loved ones. It's a gift so special, they'll use it every day. I know when I'm on that hunt for the perfect gift, the Aura Frame, it's personal, it's something that can be with the person I'm giving a gift to forever. It is really, really special. So save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com and get $35 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using the promo code Midas, that checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. This deal is Exclusive to listeners of the Midas Touch Podcast. So get yours now in time for the holidays, terms and conditions apply one more time. That's Aura Frames A URA frames.com. And then use the promo code Midas at checkout.


Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool biotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have before drinks, I notice a difference The next day, for example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends. The next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, Z Biotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to z biotics.com/midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, biotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So If you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/midas and use that code Midas. It's MEI ds at checkout for 15% off.


Shout out to our pro-democracy sponsors. Y'all links in description of both YouTube and audio. Click the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji, where to next. All those sponsors are so great. You saw the contrast though, with the new camera, with the first one and then the other ads. So support all of our sponsors. You know, you know what it's like, it's like when you watch like a show, it's like when you watch Korber Enthusiasm season one. Yes. And then you go to like Kirby Enthusiasm season. Like when they have the HD n it's all, and you're like, wow, it really looks a whole lot different now. It's a moment. This is a defining moment for, for Ben Right here. Defining, defining, defining. But now you gotta make sure like they're gonna see everything on you Now. Man, that's the thing with this. I was nervous for him with a camera. Like it, it's a really high definition camera.


I'd be nervous for myself. Let me rephrase that. I'd be nervous. Like it would like bring out every pore, every wrinkle. You look great big bro. Oh well I appreciate that. Jordy. I was gonna say, I, I won't turn this into my trials and tribulations of trying to set up this camera last night, but let's just say there was probably four hours of me winding trying to, all I know is I woke up to hundreds of texts as if there was an emergency. I woke up to hundreds of texts and I go through it and it's been having a mental breakdown in iMessage. Like, like, like I, I'm not gonna show, you know, show you all my texts, but like, I like it was just, it just went on and on and on and on and on and on and on.


And every text were like pictures of the setup and like Ben Ben freaking out. 'cause he thought he like, it was like over and he couldn't do it. Couldn't do any more videos. Like Ben had an exercise. Yeah, my wife got me around 12:20 AM and she was like, all right, you really have to go to sleep. Like, I don't know what you, I'm like, I'm like just 10 50 more minutes. I think the tripod. Anyway, I digress. The funny thing is, all you have to do is plug in a USB cable and put it on a tripod. I get it. You have to Get a tripod. You have to big brain bread over here knows how to do everything Easy for you, Brett. Yeah, you have to, you have to install some. Anyway, it's all, it was not easy. Don't worry stuff. Alright now. Alright, let, let's get, let's not bury the jobs report though, the way corporate media will wanna bury it.


President Biden has to tell his own news now that's like, great. So President Biden posted today's report, jobs report. This is on Friday shows the economy created 227,000 jobs in November as Boeing people returned to work with record wage gains and hurricane recovery. Further progressed. America's comeback continues since I took office. The economy has created more than 16 million jobs with jobs created every single month. Over the last four years, we've had the lowest average unemployment of any administration in 50 years. This has been a hard fought recovery, but we are making progress for working families.


There hasn't been a single month with a net loss jobs report since President Biden's taken over. Here's the thing though, and here's what I understand. There are, you know, the, the minimum wage, for example, has not been raised for decades while CEO o salaries have increased a thousand, 3000, 5,000, 10000%. While CEOs and billionaires know how to dodge their taxes while the people pay their taxes. People see this disparity while private equity buys up homes, reduces the supply of the housing market by commoditizing it and makes it so it's like impossible to buy a home If you just have a regular job and then makes it very difficult for your kids and your grandkids to get good paying jobs to buy their own homes.


Yes, these numbers are great, but people are pissed Now. President Biden's policies were to deal with systemic issues. And when you deal with systemic issues, they don't heal overnight, right? Like infrastructure act, inflation reduction of bottom up, middle out economics that takes many years to occur the same way Reagan's trickle down, which benefited the billionaires. The impacts are they felt right away, but also are now still being felt to this day. A restructuring of wealth, a massive wealth grab for the billionaires hoarding all of the wealth.


It wasn't enough for them to just be billionaires. They have take it all and people are pissed. But people need to know how to vent that peacefully and how to vent that and where to vent that anger. What Donald Trump and the MAGA said is it's the trans who are doing it, trans people. It's the migrants, it's the communists, the Marxists secret. Cabals are behind it. And maga, when they tapped into George Soros, they kind of made it both anti-Semitic and the billionaires. And notice what Trump would do in all of those ads and all of the emails.


He would say the billionaires are the ones giving Kamala Harris the money. Remember all that reporting that we did? The billionaires are supporting, she's raising money off the billionaires, which she really wasn't. Don't get me wrong. There were some billionaires who supported her, I'm sure, but overwhelmingly the billionaires supported Donald Trump because they wanted to pay no taxes and they wanna get basically social welfare for billionaires rather than taking care of we, the people of taking care of you. So people were pissed. So vice President Kamala Harris saying, let's go forward, let's turn the page, hope there's a bright future. People didn't even know what that meant, I think is the kind of analysis she ran Obama's 2008 campaign in 2024.


When people are saying, I'm pissed, who should I be pissed at? And Trump is saying, George Soros, migrants, you should be pissed at trans people. They're all taking your jobs, they're eating your pets, they're coming for you. And people were like, okay, got it. I gotta blame, I gotta blame some people. While the reality is the ring master of all of this are people like Trump and Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos and all, not just them, all these billionaires and people who have amassed massive amounts of wealth, who have been spiking the football and gloating about it and like laughing in our faces post the election, which we see that with these, they've all emerged, right?


And they're cocky as you know what they're ha ha look what we did. His entire cabinet are billionaires who he's putting on entirely, but nine, 12 people in cabinet and senior 14 billionaires, 14 billionaires, Donald Trump, 14, essentially the entire cabinet are billionaires. And while Elon Musk says things like, you know, I don't support unions because he, they they have a Lord versus peasant dynamic. And I thought we weren't playing clips of Elon anything with Lord and peasant dynamics. I I cannot, I can, what do you the Lord versus peasant dynamics you're saying, are in unions fighting for living wages for people versus, I don't know, the actual Lord v peasant dynamic of you having 350 or $500 billion, whatever it is.


I don't know. I think the Lord v peasant dynamic is people in Mar-a-Lago laughing at people because they're not paying taxes while the people are paying more actual taxes, then billionaires are paying. I think that's the situation that's going on. So I think what Democrats have to harness right now, but for in, in a peaceful way, is you have to harness the frustrations and the anger and you have to let people know what's up. I mean, the parallels here to these dictators across the world, I mean, I think can't be overlooked. I mean, you know, when when I saw Donald Trump posting that people were making statutes golden statutes of him, or fake golden statutes.


I'm thinking it's the same time where Bashar AADs statutes are being torn down by just pissed off people and some bad people there too, some rebels. But as President Biden said, there is an opportunity If you can root out ISIS in Syria to try to redefine the future of a Bashar ade free system. I mean, can I, can I just say once you start building statues of yourself as like a living president, I I think it's game over for you at that point. I've, I've never seen the story end well where the statues are up of the dictator and everything just goes swimmingly for that guy. I just, my whole life I've seen images of people tearing down these statues after the dictators flee or the dictators are like decapitated.


It just does not end well for the people with the statues. I mean, we go back to, you know, whether it's like Gaddafi or now Assad or Saddam Hussein. I mean you could go back the list of the autocrats overseas who have put up statues and I'm just gonna say the success rate, not, not, not a great club to be in at the end of the day is all I'm gonna say. Look, America is not about that though. That's the frustrating thing. Like what, what we used to mock that behavior, right? There used to be movies and granted, you know, Sasha Barones from the uk, but, you know, but, but it's similar to the South Park style mocking of dictators when, when Sasha Barone was in the movie The Dictator, and you would see that, you'd be like, that's ridiculous.


That's embarrassing. That's just some goofy stuff. But like that's actually Trump. I mean, take a look at just this photo of Bashar SA that was found in his palace right here. This is what he was looked like when he was younger. Doesn't this remind you he was born with a golden spoon in his mouth? Doesn't that remind you of Trump? Like literally, while Donald Trump was dodging the draft in Vietnam, here's the photo of Trump. It's like the same like photo right there. I mean, doesn't that give you that small stick energy right there? I mean, and Donald Trump is literally somebody who has a golden toilet bowl. Okay? His toilet is probably fake gold, but his toilet is gold.


He lives in a gold luxury apartment. He lives in a country club and he brags about his wealth. You know, one of the other parallels between Basar Alad that I started kind of picking up on, I said, you know, IIII was reading some articles about how Vogue did this propaganda piece for the Asad family in 2011. Jeez. And they featured Asal Asad, Bashar ADE's wife, you see her right there. And they called the article a rose in the desert and they said, Asma Assad is a glamorous young and very chic. The freshest and most magnetic of first lady. She's breezy, conspiratorial and fun.


Her accent is English but not plummy despite what must be a killer iq. She sometimes uses urban shorthand. Then they show the photos of Bashar Alad and her and the kid together. This is crazy. And and they show, they show that was in their, that was in their edition. And then I think about this, the Vogue cover from 2005 with Melania Trump on it. Donald Trump's new bride, the ring, the dress, the wedding, the jet, the party. Why are you selling $99 Christmas ornaments? If If you have that, that's not enough.


That's not enough. You've got the private jets, you've got any car, you have to now go after the people who for whatever reason believe in you because they're watching Fox propaganda. And you have to take from those people $99 when you have that amount of wealth. And then you see these members of Congress and I, I hope we have this clip, Brett, it's a, it's of one of these MAGA republicans today talking about cutting social security and, and just saying, well that's gotta be, or or Medicare. Like that's off the chopping blocks as well. Like ha ha ha ha ha.


Like I guess that's what's gonna go next. Do we have that clip right? Do you know what I'm talking about or did I not? Of course. And so we've got to write this ship and it's gonna mean cuts, it's gonna mean cuts to the 24% of the discretionary spending that we have. And it's also going to mean looking long term at the front end of some programs like Social security, Medicare, not taking anyone off of what they paid into so far, but there is some waste, abuse and fraud in Medicare that we can, we can take those numbers back and add to our general coffers and our treasury and on the front end on social security. I think there's a way when people are, are living longer, they're retiring later that on the front end we can move that retirement age back a little bit.


Hmm. Let me get your take on It's the craziest stuff. The first thing that you go after while billionaires are amassing the craziest amount of wealth where you are all prepared to give the wildest more tax cuts to these billionaires. Your first thing that you do as Republicans is go after people's healthcare is you go after people's social security without even a sense of feeling. Like what? So here's the thing folks, Republicans were out there saying over and over again, the trans people are coming to look at you in the bathroom.


They're coming for your high school sports teams. They're coming to beat you in sports or the migrants. They're eating your cats, they're eating your dogs, they're coming for your pets. Even ducks, they're eating ducks off the street republic. None of that's happening. Republicans are coming for your family. Not only are they coming for your books, they're coming for you Health, they're taking away your healthcare, they're ripping it away from you. They're coming for your retirement, they're coming for your social security, they are coming for you.


Not hypothetically, not jokingly, not sarcastically. They're doing it and they're saying it to your faces right now. So get freaking angry, get freaking pissed, but get pissed at the right freaking people get pissed at the people who are doing it to you, who are scamming you and looking at you and laughing at you and mocking you in Mar-a-Lago. That's what's going on. We still have a lot more show. Let's go. Wanna remind people patreon.com/midas touch meet us for our zoom after show meeting Exclusive to our patrons, no questions off limit.


Excited to see you all there and answer your questions right after the show. Let's take our last quick break.


We've all been there scrambling for that last minute gift that doesn't feel like a last minute afterthought. Well here's your solution. Trade Coffee with trade. You can send a personalized coffee subscription directly to someone's inbox within minutes. It's fast, easy, and guaranteed to impress honestly no other gift gives them something to look forward to every single morning. And I know personally because I look forward to my Trade Coffee every single morning. And here's the best part, A trade subscription is not just coffee, it's an experience. Every month they'll get freshly roasted coffee perfectly matched to their tastes from one of the top small batch roasters in the entire country. It's like gifting them a personal tour of the best coffee shops across the US without ever leaving home from light and bright to dark and bold trade as options for every coffee lover. Now let me tell you about my own experience with trade. I've tried roasters like equator, coffee and steady state from trade and the quality is unbelievable. The beans are roasted just days before they arrive to my door. So much fresher than anything I would grab at the store. And the variety, it is like a new adventure every shipment. Plus the convenience is unbeatable. No more overspending at the coffee shop, settling for something less than amazing or worrying that you forgot to add coffee to your last grocery list. And let's talk about gifting. A trade subscription is the perfect, practical, yet personal gift. It's the gift that keeps on giving literally every day when they brew their coffee they will think of you. Whether they're a casual coffee drinker or a full on coffee enthusiast like me, trade makes it simple to gift something they'll love. And you know, as the resident coffee geek here at Midas, I would not give my stamp of approval to just any coffee subscription service ready to cross that last gift off your list. Trade is offering their best savings of the year on gift subscriptions right now. Head to drink trade.com/midas to send a personalized coffee subscription in minutes. That's drink trade.com/me IDAs, don't miss out.


Autumn leaves are so beautiful until they're clogging your gutters. And I know you're probably busy like me this season, so getting up on a ladder and cleaning your gutters can be very difficult. And I'm a low maintenance kind of homeowner. So I want to try to find solutions that protect my home and that don't require that much work for me while I'm focused on our pro-democracy media network. So look, I made an investment in something called Leaf filter 'cause it's really an investment in protecting my home. And in your case, your own home. I mean clogged gutters, they're not just a nuisance. They can cause extensive problems and do it yourself solutions may work for the time being, but ultimately cost more money in the long run. So what Leaf Filter does is it uses this patented technology to keep out everything but water, no holes, no gaps or large openings for debris to get through. Every installation comes with a free inspection estimate and lifetime guarantee. The lifetime guarantee was really important for me. A leaf filter trusted Pro will clean out, realign and seal your gutters. Be before, before installing leaf filter. And over 1 million homeowners have trusted leaf filters. So protect your home and never clean out gutters again with Leaf filter. It's America's number one gutter protection system. Schedule your free inspection and get up to 30% off your entire purchase@lefilter.com slash midas. That's a free inspection and up to 30% off at LEAF filter.com/midas. See representative for warranty details. Promotion is 20% off, plus a 10% senior military discount. One discount per household. Again, le filter.com/midas.


Let's go. I've heard nothing but great things both about Trade and Lee filter from the Midas Mighty. So certainly check it out. Links your in description of YouTube and audio. Click 'em. Use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji Ben now Sorry Brett, sorry. Go. Good, go. I, oh I was just gonna say Jordy, do you think I would be a good auctioneer? You really interrupted Brett. Some great dialogue. I was gonna say Jordy, do you think I would be a great auctioneer? And I was gonna go, do We have one, one either blah blah blah blah blah. Five Six. Do you know why I'm saying this other than you think I may be losing my mind right now? I Ben, I think you'd be great at anything you put your mind to. 1, 1, 2, 3.


I got 6, 6, 7, 7, 7, 7. Did I miss something? Last segment. What's going on? We're We're gonna have some auctioneers who are listening to this episode being like, oh that's not how he did it. The reason that is really season auctioneer IRS commissioner pick Was A auctioneer and he, his whole shtick when he was in Congress, like his whole shtick, like he had like one move. It's like the basketball player who could only go right and then do like the one move like his whole move. And people are like, oh this guy's so funny is that he would like, like when he would like go and give a speech on the floor, he'd be like One Donald. You know, people would like ho that was amazing. They're like, all right.


It gets old after the first time you do that buddy. But Billy Longs all shtick. This is the guy Donald Trump is bringing in to lead the IRS. The one thing Trump has to fire the existing guy who was selected on a bipartisan basis whose term isn't over until 2027. But Trump's bringing in this guy Billy Long, former magar Republican congressman. I guess Trump's gonna fire this guy. Daniel Ful or Ol Fel I think is his name. Who is the current IRS head? The IRS has made major improvements right now under President Biden. 'cause Biden has worked to bring efficiency to agency.


And can I tell you something crazy about Wurfel for a second? What? Because I just looked him up. Daniel Wurfel graduated from John F. Kennedy High School in Plainview, New York. Stop it. He went to our high school, he went to our high school. This is a kind of crazy fact right out of all the high schools, I swear I'm reading it right now. Graduated from John F. Kennedy High School in Plainview on Long Island in 1989. So obviously older than the three of us over here, but that's pretty wi out of all the schools in the country. When I looked the guy up, he went to Plainview, JFK, which is where we grew. That's pretty good. And you guys overlapped in like school, like going to the public schools in, in Plainview? Not when did he say, when did he graduate? Brett, you talking, you talk about he overlapped.


Did he say They Ben like overlapped? That was in like first grade when he was in high school. I'm just saying they overlapped. I was like, I was like, did I hear Brett say the dates wrong? Ben's connection from together. J Ben Ben was a toddler. To be clear, close. Well the point, the point that I'm making in a long, very circuitous and bizarre and weird way is that President Biden picked people who improve the agencies whose goal was to do better. So one of the things that the IRS was doing is it found the tax sheets, the billionaires who weren't paying their taxes, it collected the money. That's why the deficit under Biden was far less than under Donald Trump.


Trump added $8.5 trillion of debt to our country. The most ever 25, 30% of all debt was caused by Donald Trump. One of the ways President Biden managed things efficiently is we clawed back money from billionaires who weren't paying their fair share of taxes. Also, he created an online system for you to file taxes online that there's a whole IRS filing online system, which didn't exist before. Call times If you have issues to call the IRS went down to like as efficient as possible. Before, If you called the IRS, you would never even get in touch with somebody and people were pissed. They hated the system. But then what did the Republicans do? They created a boogeyman.


Ooh Biden's having 88,000 IRS agents who are knocking down your door. Okay, that's not anything that's happening at all. There were 88,000 new people being hired I think over the course of like two decades to replace people who were resigning or leaving or aged out retiring over time. And Biden was created an efficient IRS Trump creates people who break the systems on purpose. Like Billy Long says, he wants to destroy the IRS and he wants to repeal the concept of income taxes with a 23% regressive sales tax, which would benefit billionaires and screw over the 99% massively because the billionaires get to avoid all of their, you know, get to avoid paying all of their taxes.


When Donald Trump finds the person to be the postmaster general, he picks the guy DeJoy who wants to destroy the post office. Like the guy's life is like, let's destroy the post office. When Trump finds the FBI director cash patellas, let's pick the guy who said that the FBI should be abolished. Let's make him the FBI director. Right? When it comes to the defense secretary, Pete Heif, let's pick a Fox Weekend news host who has no experience leading in the military. It'd be one thing if the guy was a Fox News host, but was like a general or like another high rank. Maybe it'd be a four star. Be a one star, A two star. How about you lead a military company?


SEF hasn't led any military company. He ran, led two nonprofits after he left of veterans groups that pushed him out because of his personal behavior. He's someone who's been accused of sexual assault, he denies the allegations, but it's a pretty detailed police report. Someone whose mommy wrote a letter to him saying that he's an abuser of women on or around the same time he was accused of sexually assaulting a woman whose mommy's now on TV calling senators on behalf of her son saying, can you please Let my son get the nuclear codes? Can you please do it Penelope? I'm Penelope and I'm Penelope and I'm going on all the news shows for my son.


It's like, really? Where that kind of embarrassing, I gave the joke in my last one. I'm like, my mom went to my third grade art teacher to get my work hung up. And that embarrassed me wasn't for the nuclear codes. I mean, we have Penelope Heif going on, Donald, he's a good boy. He's a really good boy. You made the right decision. And these are the people who lecture us on DEI as Brett says, DEI really stands for did it earn it? And that's MAGA didn't earn it. And it's all these MAGA people, Brett, that IRS story, that was, I feel like that was one of the kind of the earlier stories in the Biden administration where they tried to make improvements to the IRS and turn it into this.


IRS agents are coming to your doors and they're gonna knock down your doors with weapons. They're sending in an army that that is a very clear instance of exactly what we're talking about here and kind of a big focus that we've had. It's that these culture wars are created and they are, quite frankly, bullshit. They're, they're, they're really made up things. And I don't wanna, I don't want anybody to like take that as like, oh, you don't care about this group's rights or that's group's rights. I just mean they exploit these things in order to control people, in order to turn people against each other who otherwise would be working together for a common cause. And in this case, the common cause is to actually be able to advance in our society, to have economic opportunity to be able to live the American dream.


That's what everybody wants here except for the billionaires who are in charge. And so, while Donald Trump puts all these billionaires in charge, while Donald Trump wants to strip away the actual parts of the IRS that are actually designed to help people, I listen, I understand there's no love lost with the IRS, right? Nobody is like, yay, I'm gonna pay taxes to the government. This is gonna be awesome. I I can't wait to pay taxes. I get that. But these are actually improvements that were designed to claw back more money from tax cheats from millionaires and billionaires who were cheating on their taxes. And in order to actually help you, to help normal people out there pay their taxes, fi figure out how to do it, the process, do it more efficiently, this is actually to improve the process for regular people.


Well, you know, the billionaires don't like that. So they, how, how do they gut this agency without telling people that we're taking away the things that are actually making your life easier. We're taking away the things. So instead of having to wait on the phone for hours in order to Get a hold of somebody at the IRS to help you with your taxes, you get through in just a couple minutes and you could help and you could go about your day, go about your life, go to your son's baseball game, whatever it is, right? How do we do that? Well, we have to invent this story that there are these IRS agents that are gonna be knocking down your doors and they're coming for you. It's always, they are coming for you. And it's this divide right now, which I think is one of the greatest divides in our country that we are seeing.


And I think it's more present than ever, especially in light of many of the recent events that we've seen, that there is such, this divide right now by the people who are wealthy and are getting wealthier and wealthier and wealthier by the day. I mean, just obscene numbers, like to go from, you know, being worth a hundred million dollars to over $300 million. Some, you know, some people gaining that kind of wealth in the span of like a month, right? While there are people who are struggling, that's the kind of thing that Americans look at and they go, what the heck is going on? Like, this is fundamentally unfair system. And so what do they do? Distract, distract, distract. Oh, look at this. Look at these people using the bathroom. Aren't you mad about that?


You should be very mad about that. Get angry about that. They redirect the anger in these places. And that's something that is really the cause of all this division. And it's why there is so much funding put towards things like Fox and right wing radio and all these various things because they need to stoke that division. So while you are looking over here, they could redirect you there while they're picking your pocket with the other hand, and they're putting forth the most radical agenda on the planet that seeks to strip away your social security, that seeks to strip away your Medicare that tries as hard as possible to prevent you from getting the healthcare you need. It, it, it's, this is across the board and it's a strategy that is deliberate and it is happening every single day in this country.


And we all just need to be aware of it. And that awareness, I think, is one of the most terrifying things imaginable to the ultra wealthy, which is why they work so hard to control the flows of information. It's why you have Elon Musk spending $44 billion to control the in flow of information on Twitter, a worldwide platform that people have considered a town square. Why spend it? He's losing all this money. Isn't that an issue? Right? Look, he's losing. No, he doesn't care at all. He's made far more money than that. Even just in his other investments over the past month, he's made more than that. His wealth has increased more than that. He doesn't care because he gets to control the most valuable resource that we have right now in the world, which is information and what people are hearing.


And he gets to with his platform, amplify and deam amplify certain things in order to push certain agendas, in order to further divide people and do that head fake for people. Don't look at this, look at this. This isn't the real story. That's the fake news. That's the real news is here on X this is the real things that we're telling you about. And you know, that just, that's why we need to keep calling 'em out. It's why independent platforms, you know, are so important. Because when you have this corporate money, when you have these billionaire investor, when you have all that stuff, you inevitably get beholden to the same interests, right? I mean, that, and that's what we see with all these networks. That's what we see with the foxes of the world. That's what we see as these newspapers get taken over by these billionaire owners.


As someone like Jeff Bezos tries to curry favor with Donald Trump, they're all a part of the same team, okay? And, and you ain't on it. We're in on it. I'm just telling, I'm telling you that right now. And so the, the sooner we kind of realize that, you know, the, the sooner we're gonna be able to have actual substantial progress in the country, I'd say it like this, Brett, in a war, what is one of the tactics that's often used? Deception, sleight of hand, fake outs, right? And one of the things I think that we're seeing right now, though, to your point, is a variation where there's a culture war, which is a smoke screen.


Think for a class war, right? The culture war is a smoke screen for I think a class war. And it's an asymmetrical warfare because the people who are being beaten down by the billionaires kind of don't even, they, they feel angry, but the culture war aspect is having their anger all over the place and they're not sure where to be angry. So yeah, you're telling me it's trans people. You're telling me it's migrants. You're telling me it's George Soros, you're telling me it's this group or that a communist or a secret cabal of people.


Oh my God, is this the, is this the Q anon cabal? I gotta go down the rabbit hole. No, no, it's the billionaires Occam's razor. Let's be clear who's happening. The people who hang out at Mar-a-Lago are the ones doing this to you, and they are distracting you with culture war stuff while they wage war on your bank accounts, on your pocket books, while they're picking your pocket, they're out there saying, oh, you know, focus on this. See? Is it, isn't this wild? Could you believe it? There's a trans woman on the volleyball team, the volleyball team. Don't you care about the San Jose state volleyball, which is not even national?


Does this make you angry? What about the bathrooms? Nancy Mace bring Nancy Mace on tv. Let Nancy Mace have her bullhorn and go, I am outraged that I have to go into a bathroom with a transgender congresswoman. This, I, I am worried about that. And meanwhile, two years before, three years before Nancy Mace was saying positive things about L-G-B-T-Q community, what are they doing literally with the bullhorn? They're saying, look over here. Look over here. And then with the other hand, a swoop. They're taking your money, they're taking away your healthcare. They're taking, they're, they're taking away your Medicare, they're taking away your, your, your kid and your future grandkids opportunities.


That's what they're doing. And so I think it's important as this platform develops that we make it clear where this is happening. We combat their culture war with the truth and with the facts. And we talk about what's really happening. It's why we start this episode talking about Donald Trump grifting by selling his people perfume and cologne and misappropriating name, image, and likeness, and how we link that with what's going on in Syria, how we link that, what's going on in the halls of Congress and how we link that ultimately to how you are being impacted personally.


So let's keep growing Midas mighty. We will be starting our zoom. We have a little bit of buffer of time right now, so why don't we let people sign up for Patreon right now. So sign up now, patreon.com/midas touch sign up. We'll start it in like, say 10 minutes. So we'll start it officially. That makes sense, Brett and Jordy at, yeah, perfect. Six 15 Pacific, nine 15 Eastern. That gives you some time to, If you want a little bite to eat, you wanna like Get a cup of soda or, or something healthier or water or whatever. I don't know what I'm even saying anymore. If you wanna do that, well go, go, go, go, go and do that. And we, I'm just describing things that I'm doing and we will, and Ben, Ben has been saying his cravings right now.


Okay, well, we, we, we will see it. We will see you shortly. Look Midas mighty, hang in there. We're in this together. We're gonna win with Joy. We're gonna win with facts. We're gonna win with strength when the time comes, but we're gonna win with this community and you're a major part of it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Jordy. Take it away. Shout out to the minuses mother. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day.


What are you waiting for? Follow us now.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.