
I am ready for my life to change a, b, C tonight. American Idol Returns. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's word. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins We Going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season Premier tonight, eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, Just start speaking another language with Bael right now. Up to 55% off your BAB subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B A-B-B-E-L do com slash spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Donald Trump's joint session speech was not only the worst speech I think I've ever seen in Congress, but it also gave all of the people, all of the groups suing Donald Trump a treasure trove of evidence to use against Donald Trump and Elon Musk. Let me explain. During one portion of the speech, Donald Trump praised Elon Musk and specifically referred to Elon Musk as the head of Doge, which Donald Trump says was a department that he and Elon Musk created. Now, this directly contradicts the declarations and affidavits that were submitted to federal courts, which said that Doge is not a new department or agency and that Elon Musk is not its head, it's not its leader.


I want you to watch what Donald Trump just said. He's gonna potentially cause a lot of lawyers that work at the DOJ to be very nervous tonight that they may lose their bar licenses and he also provided a gift to the people who are suing him, suing Musk to get accountability here, play this clip And I have created the brand new Department of Government Efficiency G, perhaps you've heard of it perhaps, which is headed by Elon Musk who is in the gallery tonight.


All right, so now let's just take a look at some of the affidavits, some of the declarations that were submitted on behalf of Doge in the various court proceedings. Take a look at this one, for example, and there have been declarations like this in numerous cases. Anna Bauer says the following, in a new filing, a Trump administration official says that Elon Musk is not the administrator in charge of Doge. He's a senior advisor to the president per the declaration. And you take a look at this declaration right here and it says the following, this is written by somebody named Joshua Fisher who may be a little nervous.


Tonight after submitting this declaration, it says, I am the director of the Office of Administration. I have personal knowledge of Mr. Musk's employment status within the federal government. Mr. Musk is an employee of the White House. He holds the position as a non-career special government employee, SGE. In that job, Musk is a senior advisor to the president. It says it's not uncommon to have that position. Then it goes on to say the US Doge service is a component of the executive office of the president. The US Doge service temporary organization is within US Doge service. Both are separate from the White House office.


Mr. Musk is an employee of the White House office. He is not an employee of the US Doge service or US Doge Service temporary organization. Mr. Musk is not the US Doge service administrator. Huh? Because Donald Trump right there seemed to say that Elon Musk is the head of Doge, which is its own department, not something that already existed. Let's take a look at some of the other court cases where we can find various representations that were made to the courts that again seem to contradict what you just heard there from Donald Trump. Like here's a case before Judge Chong.


It's a three hour preliminary injunction hearing, which took place last week involving a case against Elon Musk and Doge for violating the appointments clause. And this federal judge grew frustrated when government's lawyer was unable to answer question about do's chain of command and Musk's role. I'm sure what Donald Trump just said at the joint session is going to be shown to this judge quite immediately. Here's the conversation or the questions from the judge and the government lawyer judge who was the head of Doge before Amy Gleason, because one of the things that the Trump administration did is basically pick this like random person who worked at UDS, the United States Digital Services, and her name was Amy Gleason and said that she is actually the head of Doge to try to use her as a coverup for Elon Musk who's really running the show.


As you heard Donald Trump just said. So this judge, like who's Amy Gleason? You're saying Amy Gleason, who's this person who's the head of Doge before Gleason Government Counsel? I can't answer that. I don't know, judge. I mean that seems like a pretty knowable fact. You don't know who was running it before? Amy Gleason government counsel. I'm sure it's knowable. I just don't know it. I'm very conscious of being accurate with the court. I just, I can't make a representation, your Honor. Judge, have you asked anybody? Government lawyer? I have not asked actually. Strike that. I have asked previously, but I wasn't able to get the answer. Judge, are you saying there was an administrator before Ms.


Gleason or that there was nobody until this new person Gleason was put in government counsel? I'm not saying either because I just don't know. Judge, is there a piece of paper counsel, like an appointment paper? Is there one that says Elon Musk's, senior advisor to the president, not the head of Doge government lawyer. Sorry. Now you're talking about Elon Musk, not the Doge administrator. Judge. Listen, counsel, the plaintiffs who are suing Trump and and Doge are saying that Musk is the head of Doge. You are saying Musk isn't the head of Doge, but we can't tell you who was which admittedly is highly suspicious.


So I'm not at this point saying that you're not being candid, but this whole operation raises question. There's an affidavit saying he's a senior advisor of the president, but there's a strange disconnect where he has referred to himself in public as affiliated with Doge and not as a senior advisor to the president until recently after these lawsuits were filed, his position apparently has changed. Having some backup documentation for that would be useful. This is also from that same encounter with the judge. The judge goes, so why do we get a declaration from these people? But there's no documentation or anything there to which the government lawyer said, look, look judge, it's just important that everyone understands the context here.


Since January 20th, we received approximately 80 lawsuits and our staff at the Justice Department's federal programs branch has been cut in half. We have about half the number of staff we had in November, and we are working on expedited schedules. The judge is like saying, so I'm just trying to understand this, like are you saying that you don't have the staff? This is what the judge goes. So you're saying the Justice Department isn't taking this case seriously, that you're not staff sufficiently to which the lawyer goes, it's the opposite. I've had, I've been working day and night since being, since January 20th. We're working really hard and the judge is like, I understand that, but come on.


Like, like, come on here. So let me just show you. I mean, and by the way, now Donald Trump clearly said Elon Musk is, is the head of Doge. I mean, you heard him say that.


Ever walk into a store and just stare at the wall of wine like it's some kind of cryptic puzzle. Yeah, same. That's why I stopped wasting time guessing and started getting my wine from Naked Wines. We're the best independent wine makers deliver right to my door. This podcast is sponsored by Naked Wines. It's 2025. Do you still shop for wine like it's 2005? Well, time to upgrade Naked Wines connects you directly to world class independent wine makers, so you can get award-winning bottles delivered straight to your door without the massive retail markup. I recently enjoyed a bottle of the matte parish Napa Valley Cabernet, and let me tell you, it was incredible. I love open a bottle, putting my phone away and actually enjoying the moment with friends and family. Here's how it works. Naked Wines cuts out the middleman letting wine makers pass the savings onto you. So you get top tier wine at up to 60% off store prices, no gimmicks, no memberships, just amazing wine. And If you need to pause or cancel, it's super easy. Now is the time to join the Naked Wines community. Head to Naked Wines dot com slash midas, click enter voucher and put in my code Midas. That's M-E-I-D-A-S for both the code and password to get six bottles of wine for just 39 99 with shipping included. That's $100 off your first six bottles. That's Naked Wines dot com slash midas and use code Midas for both the code and password and get six bottles for just 39 99. Cheers.


I wanna play this clip for you as well. This is Caroline Levitt at a press conference. When the reporter goes, who's the Doge administrator? And she goes, I'm not going to reveal the name of that individual from this podium. That's what you said first a few weeks back play this clip. Hey, thanks Caroline. I wanted to ask about a federal judge yesterday was saying that they didn't know who the Doge administrator was and was asking the, the lawyer for the administration who it was, and the lawyer responded. I don't know the answer to that. Can you tell us who the administrator of Doge is? Again, I've been asked and answered this question. Elon Musk is overseeing Doge. There are career administrator, there are no, Elon Musk is a special government employee, which I've also been asked and have answered that question as well.


The administrator, there are career officials at Doge. There are political appointees at Doge. I'm not going to reveal the name of that individual from this podium. I'm happy to follow up and provide that to you, but we've been incredibly transparent about the way that Doge is working. John Doge. So then she said it was Amy Gleason and then they just made up that it was this Amy Gleason person. And so she goes, I told you who it was. It's it's, it's Amy Gleason. Everybody knows that. Everybody knows that. Aren't there bigger things in the world who the Doge administrator is here? She is saying that, Did You announce her position to the rest of Doge Staff? We, we everybody knew and we said who she was to all of you, because you are hounds in the media who are so obsessed with this for some reason.


So in the effort of transparency, we told you who that person is. There are so many bigger things in the world than who the Doge administrator is, but for some reason everybody in the press court is so obsessed with this that you were incessantly asking. So we thought, okay, we will be transparent. So now you know who it is. Any further questions? And then here she is saying she's been the Doge administrator for quite some time and then the reporter's like, but it seems like the Doge staff just found out yesterday you're a play this club. Exactly. Did Amy Gleason start her job as Doge administrator? So Amy Gleason has been the Doge administrator for quite some time, I believe several weeks, maybe a month. I'm not actually sure of the specific timeline.


She's a career official. She's doing her job as the administrator of this organization. I know everybody's very interested in, in her name and who she is and what she does. There's a lot of people who work for the federal government. They're just trying to do their jobs and you know, that's what she's doing. Told us yesterday that they found out about her being the administration administrator yesterday. Why is that? You have to ask them. They're clearly unaware. I don't know. Did you make Rachel, did you Rachel Announce her position to the rest of judge Staff? We, no, we, everybody knew and we said who she was to all of you, because you are hounds in the media who are so obsessed with this for some reason.


Now. See, one of the other big things as well is if this is a new department that was created, as Donald Trump said, it's a new department. A new department requires congress because we were supposed to be a democracy, not an authoritarian regime. And so this is why the whole kind of con, the fraud that the Trump administration was pushing was to say that Doge wasn't a new thing. They were saying you have the United States Digital Service UDS, which just, which was already in existence that, but by the way, what they were basically doing was just like helping with the websites.


They were like, I little like, almost like it support, like it wasn't gut government agencies and nothing to do with that. So what the, what the Trump administration, the regime tried to say is that oh, UDS is Doge. So Doge just rebranded was a rebrand of UDS. It wasn't like they created a new department and Elon Musk is not its head. 'cause If you had to do that, then Elon Musk has to sit for depositions and he's gotta answer for what's going on, which they wanna hide. That's why they're saying, oh, he's a special advisor to avoid FOIA requests freedom of information requests. 'cause he doesn't wanna have to answer for it. And if it's a new department, Congress had to create it.


So by Donald Trump saying what you heard at the outset, it's basically a stunning admission. Also not, not that stunning that the whole operation is unlawful. I bet you lawyers start using that right away and they're gonna go to court with it. It's what I would do. It's the first thing I would do. Take that right away to the judge. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com. All 100%. U usa. Union Made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be let Point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.