
Running a business comes with a lot of what ifs, but luckily there's a simple answer to them. Shopify. It's the commerce platform behind millions of businesses, including Thrive Cosmetics and Momofuku. And it'll help you with everything you need from website design and marketing to boosting sales and expanding operations. Shopify can get the job done and make your dream a reality. Turn those what ifs into Sign Up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. Pt, what do you know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills and case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel. See progressive's other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com. Today, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. PET injury is on additional coverage and subject to policy terms.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck's, GPT, what do you know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


No deals. Donald strikes again, there's a reason why we call this the rug pull presidency or the Ponzi scheme presidency because as he gets less popular by the day, he resorts to more fraud. But what would you expect? The guy is a fraud. He was found liable for fraud. He's a felon, he's a sexual abuser. He's behaving consistent with his despicable low character. Donald Trump seeing his poll numbers like this historically unpopular 39% approval in the Washington Post. A BC Ipsos poll, the lowest 100 day score in 80 years, the CNN poll had his approval at 41% the lowest as well in decades.


Pretty much dating back to the beginning of CNN even doing these polls. So what's Donald Trump gonna do? He's a Ponzi schemer. He gets desperate. He's a fraud. So what's he gonna do? He's gotta defraud his base even more in the American people. So now what he's saying is, look, I think we're making so much money from the tariffs. He says, I don't even think we're gonna need taxes. I think we could pretty much eliminate or lower taxes for everyone because folks, we've got the external revenue service and that's working so you're not gonna have to pay taxes anymore. That's how Donald Trump strings along his base. Previously, his investors, when he would bankrupt companies, he's doing it again.


I'll show you what Donald Trump said when he landed after that disastrous trip he took in Rome where he was wearing the blue suit. He was the only person violating the dress code at Pope Francis' funeral. He was like sleeping and he looked like gross there. And all of the attendees were like repulsed and disgusted by him flies back to the US And here he is, one of his first interviews when he gets back saying, I think we're gonna be able to do a complete tax cut because these tariffs are bringing in so much money. We're rich like we're winning right now. No, we're not Donald, but watch a fraud in action. Play this clip And we're gonna make a lot of money and we're gonna cut taxes for the people of this country.


It'll take a little while be before we do that, but we're gonna be cutting taxes and as possible we'll do a complete tax cut because I think the tariffs will be enough to cut all of the income tax. Now we have a lot of debt that's been left to us, you know, unfortunately over many years we'll take care of that. But the tariffs, when if people only understood the tariffs, we're gonna be giving people a of this country a tremendous tax cut. And we're gonna start with people making less than $200,000 a year. Any Movement. Now part of Donald Trump's fraud is stringing people along with fake deadlines. He did it in his businesses when he bankrupted casinos and other businesses that he would run.


He does it again. I want you just to think back to his first term in office. What would he say about his healthcare plan two weeks away? Just due, wait, it's coming in two weeks. I promise it would never arrive in two weeks. And that's what he would say about all of his plans. It's a big beautiful plan. Just gimme two more weeks. Remember when 60 Minutes did that interview with Donald Trump, by the way, during his first term, and he literally had a blank binder filled with blank pieces of paper so he can point out what his healthcare plan looked like. But then the interviewer Leslie Stall opened it up and then saw that it was all blank pages. That's one of the reasons that Donald Trump hates 60 minutes and he's really focused on attacking them.


So here a reporter asked Donald Trump about his discussions as part of his peace plan in Ukraine. Remember Trump promised that in 24 hours he would bring peace to Ukraine. He says he knew Zelinsky well, he knows Putin, it would be easy to do a peace deal. He said, in fact, it should take less than 24 hours. As soon as he was elected, he said it would happen. Obviously they're nowhere near a peace deal. Trump's made things actually significantly worse. And so Donald Trump though, tells this reporter, gimme two weeks, I'll get this peace deal done in two weeks. And the reporter to this reporter's credit goes, give me a date. Two weeks. To what? Here, watch this.


Keep saying two weeks about President Putin. What is two weeks? Give us what is the actual date? What is the timeline? Well, two weeks. Two weeks or less. And if it's a little more at the time, I say, but you know, they're losing a lot of people. We have. That's part of the rug pull, that's part of the Ponzi scheme, right? You drag people along. The problem is the same way with Covid. When he goes like a miracle, it's all gonna go away. It doesn't. And then the problems compound. And then there's destruction that takes place when it could actually be avoided If you just address the actual issue versus lie about it. Like someone who's like responsible would deal with the situations.


Not Donald Trump. Here's what we know folks, which is getting under-reported, but you know, now we've been talking about it here on the Midas Touch Network for weeks, it's freight volume and it's trucking volume. The ships right now are all that we're supposed to go to. The United States are stuck in the ports in China, like Shanghai. They're not leaving the trades going from China to other areas, not to the United States. When you take a look at the ports in the United States, west coast, like Long Beach and others, they're basically empty. So what this means is that in the next two or three weeks, we're gonna run out of products on the shelves.


So the damage has effectively been done already. Even if Trump were to now try to reverse course or come up with some deal, which he's not able to do anyway, what are we day 16 no deals. When they said 90 deals in 90 days, the damage has been inflicted. And so it's gonna start to happen. Then corporate news is gonna be like, oh my God, where did this come from? If you're following freight and trucking volumes, you know what's happening right now. And that's why these big company CEOs like Walmart and Target and Home Depot and then the airline industry and the car industry, they're all saying, Donald, you have to stop this. You're about to cause a depression.


And Trump's not stopping it. He's just defrauding us all. So the reporter asked Donald Trump, when he lands any movement on China, Donald Trump says a little bit, they obviously wanna make a deal here, play this clip, $2 A year. Any reason on China, because they're a little bit, look a little bit, they wanna make a deal. Obviously right now they're not doing business with us. You know, people talk about going, going cold Turkey with China, meaning just forget about it. And we were losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China and now they're not doing any business with us. You know, because, not because of them, because of me, because of 145%. You can't do business, but something's gonna happen that's gonna be positive.


And again, more lies right there. And I think, look, Donald Trump's MAGA mush brain audience, that 35% of Americans who are maga, they'll never be convinced otherwise trying to even appeal to them. You know, I think, you know, they're a lost cause, but that's about 35%, maybe slightly less of the country Independents understand what's happening. Now, of course Democrats do, and people who are not politically engaged and weren't like MAs like they're looking at this like, what the heck is going on? I mean, take a look just at a poll among Independences for April, Fox has Donald Trump's approval at 26% among independents, New York Times it's 29%.


CNN, 31% U gov, 30% CBS, 36% A, B, C, Washington Post Ipsos, 33%. So he's underwater in all of these categories. Let, let me just show you this as well, how Donald Trump uses the two weeks thing as like fraud. This is from April 4th. What I wanna show you right now, when Donald Trump was, or April 3rd, when Donald Trump was on Air Force One, and remember he said in two weeks he said he was gonna roll out the Trump gold card that he was gonna sell for $5 million. He said to Russian oligarchs and Chinese oligarchs and all these billionaires would buy citizenship in the United States.


Remember what he said? Two weeks away, two weeks away, play this clip. 5 million for $5 million. This could be used. That was the first of the cards. And that, you know what that card is? Gold Card card. Gold card. It's the gold card. The Trump card, gold card. Who's the first buyer? Me. I'm the first. Who's the second? I don't know, but I'm the first buyer. It'll be out in about less than two weeks, probably. Pretty exciting, right? You ready for some questions? Anybody want to buy one? Everything that Donald Trump says though is two weeks away this, two weeks away.


That, but as I've said before, I think perhaps even worse than Donald Trump, are those who aid and abbet him. You know, people like Scott Besant, treasury secretary, who's basically become Bernie Madoff at this point. Scent starts the weeks by teasing conversations with China, manipulates the market, the markets go up temporarily on Scent News that there were these discussions. And Bessant, I think, realizes he can manipulate the markets by injecting, I think, false information into the markets, in my opinion, about productive trade negotiations, which aren't happening. So he was asked over the weekend, you know, Scott, tell us about Trump's strategy to announce tariffs, then dial some back.


Why do you think this is good strategy? And Bessant goes, we're doing strategic uncertainty. He says, this is all part of the plan. Strategic unc, they're calling Donald Trump's malicious recklessness, strategic uncertainty because they think we're all stupid. Strategic uncertainty. No, Donald Trump is just taking a wrecking ball to the economy. Play this clip. President Trump's strategy really has been to announce these tariffs and dial some back, pause them, make exceptions. Explain why you see this as a good negotiating strategy. I, well, in game theory, it's called strategic uncertainty. So you're, you're not gonna tell the the person on the other side of the negotiation where you're gonna end up.


And nobody's better at creating this leverage than President Trump. You know, he's shown these, the high tariffs and it's a here's the stick, the, this is where the tariffs can go and the carrot is come to us. Take off your tariffs. Take off your non tariff trade barriers, the stop manipulating your currency, stop subsidizing labor and capital and then we can talk. But I tell you, Martha, that we've had several of these Asian countries that come in and said, oh, well, we'll stop doing this, this, and this. And I look at these lists and I think, how did we get here? How did we get here? Because this trading system has been so unfair.


And as President Trump says, I don't blame the countries, I blame the previous administrations that let him get away with it. So then Scott Scent was asked over the weekend, so, so Scott Donald Trump claimed in an interview with Time Magazine that he's already made 200 deals. He says, what? What are these deals? There hasn't been a single deal announced, Scott. So what are these 200 deals that Trump claims that he made? And Scott Bessant, as I've said, he's like Bernie Madoff at this point. Bessant goes, oh, oh, oh, sub deals he's done the sub deals. The sub deals. What the heck are you talking? What's a sub deal? They did a deal. You didn't do a deal sub deals.


Everybody here play this, collect The time. Interview with President Trump. He said that he has made 200 deals on tariffs, 200 deals. Who has he made deals with? Is there actually any deal at this point? I believe that he is referring to sub deals within the negotiations we're doing. And you mar the if, if they're 180. But Those aren't actual deals, Mar, if they're 180 countries, there are 18 important trading partners. Let's put China to to the side because that's a special negotiation. There's 17 important trading partners, And we have a process in place over the next 90 days to negotiate with them.


Some of those are moving along very well, especially the with the Asian countries. And finally, as Donald Trump was ranting and raving like a lunatic yesterday and this morning, what was he focused on? What was he talking about? Columbus Day? I'm bringing Columbus Day back from the ashes. He said Democrats tried to destroy Christopher Columbus, they tore down his statues and put up nothing but woke this, woke that. Do you see Donald Trump's Ponzi scheme moves? Do you see the fraud that he does? You see his tactics, right? Think about like the way spoiled little petulant brats. No offense to them, how they behave and they react, you know, if they're confronted and seen to be lying, right?


You try to change the topic, you go back to familiar ground. Yeah, but you're woke. But you're woke. Oh, oh. I promise you this time I'm gonna give everybody toxic. Everyone's gonna be rich. Oh no, you're doing the woke. Christopher Columbus. Let me do a culture war. I know you all hate me now. So let me do culture wars ever. Should we talk about trans volleyball players? How about I do that trick? It's ridiculous. I just want you to be able to see it, to understand these moves that he and his regime of fraud make. Because it's ridiculous. Regardless of what political party you are, you should not stand for this, and it should be obvious. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers.


And thank you so much for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest Prodemocracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store dot Midas touch com.