
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your bael subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The New year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, Guaranteed Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's S goals with LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


It's only been one week, and Donald Trump is ruining people's lives. He's ruining the lives of his biggest supporters, people who entrusted him. I'm not just talking about voters in red states. I'm also talking about voters across the country who got grif by his meme coin scam. By the way, his meme coin is absolutely crashing. Melania, his meme coin is crashing. Let me just talk to you about different ways. Donald Trump has destroyed the lives of people who voted for him and who entrusted him. So remember last week, he released this meme coin and had shot up, and he was gonna make all this money, but then his meme coin crashed and Melania's meme coin crashed.


I mean, crash crashed. Here's a story that we're hearing right here. Someone, a 31-year-old female just found out that their husband, a MAGA guy, 34-year-old male, lost $600,000 in Donald Trump's stock and his memes. How can I get him to stop before he loses everything? And it talks about how Donald Trump took his grandparents' inheritance around a million dollars, put it all into Trump related stuff. It started to crash. He then started borrowing and borrowing even more money, going into even more debt. And eventually this lady left her husband, she goes on to say they're in a hotel.


The husband won't talk to her since her post went absolutely viral. The total losses her husband's incurred is about $700,000. And says that he refuses to talk to her, but is happy to speak to his fans. I mean, this definitely does not sound like someone who is, well, I'll just leave it at that. I wanna share this with you as well. Those people in Red states who voted for Donald Trump, those who were in Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia. Well, you know when that next hurricane hits you, well, you are on your own.


Donald Trump took a trip to North Carolina where he was supposed to tour some of the devastation that was caused by the hurricanes there. But when there, Donald Trump said that he basically wants to eliminate fema. And he was very, well, I wouldn't say he was very specific, but he basically threatened the states as well. He was like, well, look, when something happens to Florida or North Carolina, the states can deal with it themselves. Just let the states handle it. There's no role for the federal government in dealing with this. Well, we hope Floridians enjoy all the FEMA they got from Milton because it will be their last.


There's a reason why Ron DeSantis, or the governors in all states, including red states, why they declare an emergency situation. Because then the federal government's supposed to step in never before in American history where we like, we're not going to give this state emergency aid 'cause it's a red state or a blue state. First of, let's be clear too, the blue states, by and large, are the ones funding the entire federal government in the United States. Most of the red states, most of 'em, not all, most of them take, take, take, take, take and rely on federal government aid, but then turn their backs on the federal government and then threaten us here in Los Angeles and threaten the blue states elsewhere.


Just so you can hear, and I don't show a lot of Trump clips, but I think it's important because this is a message directed at all these people who have suffered and will suffer in red states with Donald Trump saying that the whole concept of FEMA isn't good. He goes, we're gonna have to revisit the whole concept and just let the states take care of it. So all of you, Floridians and Georgians, and people from Louisiana and elsewhere voted for Trump. This is what you get. Let's play it. Probably less fema 'cause FEMA just hasn't done the job. And we're looking at the whole concept of fema. I like Franklin, the concept when North Carolina gets hit, the governor takes care of it. When Florida gets hit, the governor takes care of it, meaning the state takes care of it.


To have a group of people come in from an area that don't even know where they're going in order to solve immediately a problem. It's something that never worked for me, but this is probably one of the best examples of it not working. And there's been some others like in Louisiana, et cetera. So we're gonna be doing something on FEMA that I think most people agree. I'd like to see the states take care of disasters, let the state take care of the tornadoes and the hurricanes and all of the other things that happen. And I think you're gonna find it a lot less expensive. You'll do it for less than half and you're gonna get a lot quicker response. So that seems to be the recommendation, but we'll be making that recommendation over the next couple of weeks.


We're gonna go to,


Let's be real. Doing laundry kind of sucks, but you know, it doesn't smelling amazing. That's why I'm obsessed with laundry sauce, the world's best smelling laundry pods. No more clothes that smells stale and gross. Now I step out in Australian sandalwood. Let me tell you, people notice compliments on my laundry. Never thought that would happen. And it's not just about the scent. These pods are four times concentrated with serious cleaning power. They tackle stains or vibe fabrics and leave everything smelling like a high end cologne. Oh, and if you're into fresh, clean vibes, their new Oregon mint scent is a game changer. I literally just started a load of wash right before I recorded this with that one. It's so convenient and such high quality. What else can you ask for? But well, actually, how about this? If you put your new luxury laundry obsession on autopilot, you save an extra 15 to 20% off every order when you subscribe. And you could start right now with your first one, because right now you get 20% off your entire order@laundrysauce.com with code Midas 20. That's laundry sauce.com. Code Midas 20 M-E-I-D-A-S two zero. And after you order, tell them we sent you smell good, look good, feel good with laundry sauce.


Also, one of the things we're learning about as well is that Donald Trump's various policies cutting Medicare, Medicaid, which they say they're not going to do, but they are. This is going to impact most also the red states where there are more people on these programs. I don't like F around and find out content because I, I feel bad for people. I don't want them to have to find out that the leopards are eating their faces, but the leopards are eating your faces. Here's a story that we're learning as well about a MAGA supporter who is being absolutely mocked by his fellow workers after voting for Trump, by other MAGA voters.


Let me be very clear. So this is what we are learning about a Hispanic Trump voter getting turned against at work. This isn't specifically electrical, but just a story of what I heard at work today. As we all know, Trump won the election. The union plumbers at my job actually wore Trump 2024 shirts the day he won to work. One of these plumbers is Hispanic. They looked like one big happy family that day. Today at work, I heard his foreman calling him the most racist names and speaking to him in mock Spanish. They're arguing back and forth a bit before his white foreman said something along the lines of, shut the F up, go back to work.


You Hispanic slur. Can't wait till your ass gets deported. The guy said, I have a feeling that guy might be regretting his choice. And by the way, we're now learning about workplace raids in Newark, potential raids in schools, elementary schools in Chicago and elsewhere. Donald Trump sending the United States military to the border to have these GI Joe PR stunts and also lying about the fact that border crossings are up. In fact, when President Biden left office, border crossings were basically at an all time low based on the cooperation with Mexico.


And look, Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans tried to kill, they did kill the bipartisan border deal stopping President Biden from implementing a bipartisan piece of legislation that would have been helpful so that Trump can say, look at the chaos, look at the emergency, look at the things that I want to, what, what we need to do immediately. And that's what Donald Trump is doing. But folks, maybe it wasn't about the egg prices, because as Justin Wolfer points out, those folks who are obsessively posting about egg prices over the past few years have gone strangely quiet as egg prices now hit an all time Hi.


Yeah, strangely quiet all of a sudden. But the reality is, is that this is what Trump is going to do now when Donald Trump implements tariffs on Canada, Mexico and starts these trade wars combined with the fact that we're learning, for example, in Bakersfield, which is a red spot in a blue state of California. But Bakersfield, very right wing, very maga, we're learning that the workers in Bakersfield aren't showing up to the farms there. It's citruses in there and the grow pistachios there and other things that are very important to the economy not showing up there.


We've shared stories about Nebraska, the meat industry there, the workers aren't showing up there. And this story is repeating over and over again. There are labor shortages going on right now. And the issue is, is that Americans aren't doing those jobs. And the people who work at these farms, And you know, we've heard the stories of the MAGA farmer in Florida, the tomato grower, for example, who was sharing the story. Americans don't want the jobs, the Americans aren't taking the jobs. Okay? Instead, the Americans are a lot of them taking these red states on federal government assistance, which they then say is socialist.


And they wanna eliminate the programs that are gonna screw themselves. But the Americans aren't working the tomato farms. The Americans aren't picking the grapes or working on the, on the citrus farms. They're not working and doing any of those things. And now you're deporting your own workforce and labor force rather than creating a pathway to citizenship for those who are contributing to our economy. That's what you're doing. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals attacking DACA and saying that DACA is unconstitutional. You know, and I, you've heard these stories of like nurses who work in the state of Texas, for example, who've paid taxes their entire life, unlike Donald Trump who hasn't.


And now they're being told they have to like leave the state or else, I mean, this, this is what's going on in now Trump's America right now. And for anyone who put their money in the meme coins, the stocks, whatever, the lepar in your face now, I, I just, you know, I just don't get it. But you know, the, I'll leave you with this too. There is this, and I want you to recognize it. There's a psychological phenomenon of people who are in groups that humiliate them, some to cults. Sometimes they go deeper in the rabbit hole. The more they get humiliated because they can't bring themselves to admit to others how devastating it was.


They've, they've created this persona. They've told the public that they're maga or they're this and they're that. So for them to all of a sudden say, wow, I got screwed. The leopard ate in my face. I'm finding out this is terrible, is hard for them because they know the damage that they've caused their families for all of these years saying that they're with this guy who conned them. It's the hardest part about getting out of cults or groups is have, is feeling that you're gonna be publicly shamed for it. So for those out there who are watching this, who may have a family member who's in the find out stage or in the leopard ate their face stage, I'll just leave you with this one thought, which is maybe try it again.


Try to try. It's hard, it's hard. Try to give them a soft landing out of it And let them know that what they did is gonna be very hard to forgive. But that, you know, you need to, you need to admit it and you need to stand up against it before you cause more people pain and hurt. More people consider it. Maybe, maybe hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.