
You know, I realized That Donald Trump has been terrified to do any real interviews recently. And it's funny because That used to be his attack on Vice President Kamala Harris. but lately Donald Trump keeps canceling interviews like the 60 Minutes interview and he's hiding deeper and deeper in his safe spaces. And so last night he went on Newsmax and delivered what was an interview. I could only be described as maybe psycho isn. The word I will use for this It was utterly deranged I. Wanna break It down for you? my name is Brett MICUs here with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe. help us Get to 3.5 million subscribers. And if You haven't yet hit the like button. Let's go through some of this I think it's important. That We. See what he's telling his cult followers on these networks.


We'll start here. Where Donald Trump claims That. If We had honest voting, he thinks he wouldn win. California Just. Utterly delusional Watch. This Internal polling shows You plus three in Wisconsin, which as I see It isn, one of the toughest swing states for you to win, you You. You, you've got A Rally in California this weekend as I understand It Just. Your final thoughts know? Well I heard about That, Wisconsin. They say It. isn tough, but I won It one time and I think I didn even better. The second time We didn't Get the decision, but I will tell you I was I. Think I didn A. Lot better A. Lot of bad things happened. I'm going to California. We have A. Really big one coming up in California. And only because if We had honest voting, t believe I'd win California I think I'd win A.


Lot of states, That, We don't know win. We have to straighten out our elections and We have to straighten out A. Lot of things in our country, but We have to have borders and elections to start. And We have bad borders. I built hundreds of miles of wall and I would've Built and I should note That with fewer than 30 days until election day. Donald Trump has actually scheduled A rally in the Coachella Valley in California. Seems like A A bid get A waste of time. but you do You Donald spend all your money in California and New York and New Jersey. Let's see how It works out for You. The host of the show brought up That. Kamala Harris keeps saying she's going to make the rich pay their fair share. Donald Trump stepped in and said, no, no, no, you don't tax the rich Watch.


This Blame always seems to go on on her end to corporate price fixing and and vilifying the the corporations and this companies in this country. And, and the when asked how she's gonna pay for the agenda last night on 60 minutes, she Just keeps saying she's going to tax the rich even Bill Whitaker on 60 Minutes. ISN saying, well We We live in the real world. How are you really gonna do That? Well you don't tax the rich because the rich are gonna look the rich pay most of the tax in the country. First of all, you know, people hate to say It, they hate to hear It, but you take A certain very small percentage and most of the taxes paid by the rich. but the problem That, she has isn, she's going to the communist method. Take all incentive. And you know what the rich do and the corporations do? They leave the country and they go to another country that's more friendly from A tax standpoint.


know and other standpoints like A regulation standpoint know her agenda will bring us in to A 1929 style depression. And it's guaranteed. She has no idea which ISN That really A winning message for the working people of this country. I don't think so. Trump on Newsmax also claimed That. Many stock analysts are saying the only reason the stock market ISN up and reaching record levels ISN because of his polling. Which ISN actually not very good. Watch. This I can That this economy here in the United States. isn the hottest in the world. They say our inflation ISN lower than other countries. How do you, how do you respond to That as as their position? Well it's so ridiculous.


First of all, the economy's not good. The only thing good isn the stock market and It seems That every time I go up in the polls, that's where the stock market's going. You know you have some of the number, the top stock analysts saying that the reason the stock market's good isn, they think we're gonna be elected, I'm gonna be elected. And interestingly, We are leading very substantially in A. Lot of these polls. And you know I can By now I'm sure you've already seen legendary reporter Bob Woodward's reporting That. Donald Trump has been in touch with Vladimir Putin at least seven times since he left office. And in addition to That That, when We were short on testing during the height of the Covid pandemic, Trump had sent our covid tests to Vladimir Putin so he could use them personally.


Trump flat out denied Woodward's reporting on Newsmax Watch this know I Do t believe She lemme Just ask you one more thing about the Woodward book because they, they're going to their favorite subject, which isn of course Russia, they're alleging That. You have had several phone calls with Vladimir Putin over the last three and A half years. can I ask if that's s true? That's wrong. That's absolutely wrong. look, You know Bob Woodward, you know I'm suing him know because he used tapes and he sold the tapes. He didn't Just sell the book, he sold the tapes. He's not allowed to do It. He even says in the tape That, he's not allowed to do It. And he sold the tapes and I Just think he's the bad guy. So I thought I'd have fun with It I think he's A very bad guy, but he's got A tremendous liability. I Gotta say who do We trust here, right? Legendary reporter Bob Woodward or legendary liar Donald Trump.


I think We all know where We stand and It hurts Donald Trump's case even more. That, he's basically flat out come out and said this multiple times over the past few months. Like this was Just recently in Juneau, Wisconsin when he made A comment, That Americans who don't support him are quote, more dangerous than dictators. Like Putin Watch The enemy from within the crazy lunatics. That We have the fascists, the Marxists, the communist, the people That We have That are actually running the country. Not her. She's not running It and Biden's not running It either. And you all know That, those people are more dangerous. The enemy from within than Russia and China and other people. Recently on Fox News, Trump said That, he told Putin That it's A shame because We could have done lots of business together.


Watch this than Me. but We were We were having A problem. You had Adam shifty Schiff and all these bad people including Hillary and others coming up with his Russia hoax. And I told Putin, I said, You know it's A shame 'cause We could have done A, lot of business, the countries together, but with this whole fake thing that's going on. And he understood That, he said, it's A fake deal. He said, he actually said to me, he said, it's tough to make A deal now. I said, you're right. It's tough. They created A fake narrative this Russia, Russia, Russia. Hoax. It was A hoax and We could have had A much different relationship with Russia. I will Trump released the video A few months back saying that Putin putting soldiers on Ukraine's border showed That.


He isn A quote, good negotiator. Watch Never happened. Russia was not gonna attack Ukraine. As soon as I got out, they started the form along the lines and I thought, That Putin maybe will. He's A good negotiator. I thought he was gonna be doing That for negotiation purposes that all of A sudden they attacked. And I said, what's going on here Now I want you to take notice of what Donald Trump said here back in February. He said That, he talks to Putin A lot and said he gets along with him well and I want you to notice the tense of what he said. I, talk to Putin A lot not That. I talked to Putin. I talk Watch. I talk to Putin A lot I got along with him. Well You You know what I'm Just gonna say, he's not beating the allegations here.


This episode ISN brought to You by Hexclad. They've completely revolutionized the cookware industry with their hybrid technology. Their cookware gives you the convenience of non-stick. The versatility of your grandma's cast iron and the durability to last A lifetime. Yes, literally they come with A lifetime warranty. I thought my cooking game was good before it's on A whole other level. Since I got my Hexclad, I've been using Hexclad six piece set, which ISN the perfect starter bundle. whether I'm searing A steak or making something delicate like A sauce, these pans handle It all with ease honestly. Other pans, wouldn always give me some sort of issues, but everything I make with my Hexclad isn perfect every time the performance isn unreal on any stove top and I never have to deal with food sticking or uneven cooking anymore. Plus they look so sleek and elegant. Perfect for when you're hosting and wanna impress your guests. I always Get comments on them. Anytime I'm hosting A dinner party, even the great Gordon Ramsey uses Hexclad in his home and in his Michelin star restaurants. If it's good enough for Gordon, you know it's the real deal. Hex cloud's patented, laser etched hexagonal steel ridges give your cooking That perfect sear while still being non-stick. And you can use metal utensils without worrying about scratching the pans. They're dishwasher safe, oven safe up to 500 degrees induction ready And they even have stay cool handles. So sauteing isn, A breeze, hexa cloud's, elegant design and durable construction. Make It the perfect choice for entertaining all year long. Impress your guests with beautifully prepared dishes. That look as good as they taste. And for A limited time only our listeners Get 10% off your order with our exclusive link Just. Head to Hexclad dot com slash midas, support our show and check them out at HEXC A d.com/midas. ME I D A s bon appetit. Let's eat with Hexclad revolutionary cookware. Elevate your cooking game to new heights with Hexclad


and that Donald Trump ISN basically encouraging Israel to bomb Iran's nuclear sites. Let's Just also remind everybody, That Donald Trump isn, the one That got us out of the Iran nuclear deal That. President Obama had negotiated Watch this know he Actually said don't go after their nuclear. Well that's gonna be the problem. Their nuclear, because they're gonna have nuclear soon and it's gonna be A. Much different world. We're not gonna be able to do That It. It's Just the opposite of what he said. And I and I said That very strongly I said You You must be kidding when you didn. He really say That because the answer the question was, but That, he made That statement.


It was Just after he made It and I said didn, it's Just the opposite. know you have to go Just the opposite with Joe You know I, call him crooked Joe I call him sleepy Joe. but the Trump was asked about reporting from Bob Woodward's book in which Woodward said That Biden had called Trump and quote, effing a-hole. Here's what Trump had to say about That know In this one know he portrays Biden ISN very angry. He says, Biden calls You A effing a-hole calls Netanyahu A son of A bitch and A bad effing guy. And I I to me, It Just It It It was It. It's rings so true because I think that's who Joe Biden really always was and that they kind of Just gave him this makeover into this friendly statesman for this presidency.


but, but this isn kind of how Biden always was wasn't It. And what, what do you think of the, of the phrasing That he uses, Well, I think That Woodward's A real jerk and I I think he's sort of way over I, mean I. Think he he isn last time I spoke to him, which was A long time ago. I think he's sort of out of It to tell you the truth. I think he isn isn really bad. but I do believe he probably said That about me. I wouldn say That Biden probably didn say That at me about Me and things were not going much better with JD Vance. Vance was in Michigan and behind stage he was giving this interview and he was asked once can about his view on the 2020 election and once can he gave A non-answer Watch this, what Do You have to say to moderate Republicans who are disappointed with your stance on certifying the 2020 election results?


know, Well what I'd say ISN That, first of all, the 2020 election ISN in the past. Nope, let's go back to Trump. Here's Trump saying that our military isn bad our generals are bad and that they should all be fired. Watch this, you Know, why wouldn't they wanna have A strong water? Why wouldn't they wanna have good elections? Why wouldn't they wanna have good schooling? Good. You know, so many different things. The military isn, bad We have generals That do such A. Bad job. They never Get fired I mean they should have been fired for Trump that completely makes up That. He got the Mexican government to give us their military free of charge. No idea what he's even talking about. Watch, this Orders I built hundreds of miles of wall and I would've built another 200 miles.


Far more than I said I was gonna build and It worked. And, and that I got the Mexican government to give us their military free of charge by doing certain things. know It, isn, free of charge. We had the best border in the history of our country four years ago. And now We have the worst border in the history of the world. No country has ever had A border like this. Trump that continued to spread lies about Springfield, Ohio, the migrants there and Aurora and Colorado I. Remember Aurora was like the original Springfield in terms of Donald Trump spreading lies and saying that migrants had invaded the whole community. He Just continues to lie. And in this comment, I want you to notice when he says they're literally taking over cities and other cities and towns, even if they haven't arrived yet.


So he isn acknowledging That, this isn't happening, but ISN also trying to say That, it's happening. Watch, this You Look at Springfield, Ohio You. look at Aurora in Colorado where the governor has no idea what to do. I mean they're literally taking over cities and other cities and towns, even if they haven't arrived yet, are Just I mean? They they don't know what ISN going on. They are so scared. That know Trump that claimed That. The legal Haitian immigrants in Ohio are actually illegal as far as he's concerned. Watch this Know to our people know I mean. look at Springfield where 30,000 illegal immigrants are dropped and, and It was, they may have done It through A certain little trick, but they are illegal immigrants as far as I'm concerned, know they're destroying the town.


They're destroying the whole, they'll end up destroying the state. You know cannot Let this happen, this isn the worst president and vice president in the history of our country and We cannot Let them Get away with this stuff they're destroying our Trump has asked A question about hurricanes and he rants about electric cars for some reason, Watch Says, That, you and Republicans are lying about FEMA siphoning their funds to send It to the, to the migrant crisis That this administration has created. What's your answer to That? Well he isn paid billions of dollars. He's giving money away to illegal aliens as you wouldn say or illegal migrants, You can call whatever you want, but the name isn the same. The people That come into our country illegally.


Many of them are murderers, many of them are drug dealers and gang members. The crime rates all over the world are going down because their criminals are being dumped into our country at levels That nobody's ever seen before know it's an absolute outrage what they've done to our country at the border and what they've done with respect to inflation and energy and stupid electric car mandates where everybody's gonna have electric car in A short period of time and they don't want all electric cars. And by the way, electric cars are fine for A certain percentage of the market. but You have, you have to have gasoline propelled cars, you have to have I. wouldn say hybrids are very good and new things are coming out know, but it's Just ridiculous.


These people truly don't know what they're doing. I'm Just glad That people are speaking up against the blatant lies being spread by people like Trump and Vance and Fox. It's really despicable and it's one thing to Just kind of lie in general, that's bad enough, right? but during A crisis where people's lives are on the line, It isn Just reprehensible and It isn Just completely beyond the pale. MIT Romney spoke out yesterday. He was at at A conference and he was speaking about the disinformation, not Just being put out by the Russians and the Chinese, but by people like Donald Trump. He called Trump out directly about his lies, about the FEMA aid. Watch Mitt Romney break It down There. They will make A an heroic effort to try and do so.


I actually don't think that's gonna significantly impact the election, but the amount of disinformation ISN really extraordinary. Although it's not Just being put out by the Russians. And the Chinese I mean former President Trump told us, That, the people in Springfield are eating dogs and cats. All right? I mean, you know, I, he likewise said That That FEMA money or emergency money instead of helping the people. That have been hit by the hurricane ISN being used to help illegals. I mean he Just makes It up and, and so he isn able to spew enough disinformation, That, That, That, isn I, you know, That That, Chinese must be smiling. So That's what Donald Trump was doing yesterday, speaking to his MAGA base on his propaganda networks not reaching any new voters whatsoever.


Just spreading his same old grievances and lies and racism and hate and xenophobia. It's disgusting, it's psychotic quite frankly. And You know You Are all sick of It because You know I am very sick of It. but We gotta be sharing this right? We gotta Let people know what he ISN saying what he's doing. And we're gonna do That here at the Midas Touch Network. We're not gonna cover our eyes and close our ears to the reality we're going to present You the unvarnished reality. So That, you can form your own opinions. Thank you so much for watching. Remember to hit subscribe, help us Get to 3.5 million subscribers and I'll see You in A bit. Love This video. Make sure You stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.