
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CPG dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the Dream knit collection by going to burri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply


Another morning of panicking and ranting and raving by Donald Trump. Here's what he just posted. Our court system is not letting me do the job I was elected to do. Activist judges must let the Trump administration deport murderers and other criminals who have come into our country illegally without delay. Exclamation point. It should be noted, Donald, that your attorney General Pam Bondy yesterday gave a press conference where she said that she wanted the worst of the worst murderers and criminals to be prosecuted and put in American jails. But Donald, there's something called due process in our country, and you're deporting and disappearing people without criminal history to concentration camps and Trump appointed judges in multiple states now have joined with judges appointed by Democratic administrations, and they've all held, every single one of them held that there's something called due process in the United States of America.


You present the evidence, you prove your case. If you prove people are guilty, they can go to jail and they could be deported. That's our system, Donald. You don't like our system. Go to Russia. We know that's where you want to go anyway. With posts like this. We know that's where you wanna be. You hate the free press. You hate our constitution. Donald Trump winding this morning about 60 minutes again and about CVS and Trump trying to shake down Paramount and trying to block the merger between Paramount and Skydance by attacking them through this $20 billion ridiculous lawsuit that Trump filed against 60 Minutes. 'cause he didn't like the way they did. An interview with former Vice President Kamala Harris in October of 2024 before the November election that Donald Trump was too afraid to sit for himself.


Trump writes the election interfering 60 minutes interview with Kamala Harris. Just pause there for a second, Donald. It's May 7th. 2025. Americans are suffering right now. Okay? Main Street is suffering. Your trade war against the world has created massive uncertainty. People are being laid off. People are seeing the impacts in our economy. While you're pretending everything is great, and on May 7th, 2025, you're waking up. This is what you're posting about. This is what you think leadership is like. Could we just talk about right and wrong for a second? People, we don't need to talk about Democrat, Republican independence. What the hell is this? I don't know how anyone looks at this goes.


Oh, the election interfering. Oh, he makes a good point. What are you even doing? No deals. Donald. The election interfering 60 minutes interview with Kamala Harris, which aired on CBS just before election day and deep into early voting, turned out to be much worse than expected. Wha wha wha wha wa wa did 60 Minutes and its corporate parents apply to get an Emmy for an illegally falsified interview for did other fake outlets nominate them for this dubious honor? These antics are why the American people have no trust in the press. The hell are you even writing about? You promised there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours.


A lie you promised you would bring peace to Gaza in 24 hours a lie. And now Israel is saying that they plan to fully occupy it forever and remove everybody from Gaza. That's what they're saying they're going to do. In addition, a war just broke out between India and Pakistan and you are posting this. Oh, and you're also again promoting your meme coins, the Trump meme coins, where the top 22 holders of your meme coins get to meet with you for an exclusive dinner in Washington DC on May 22nd, 2025. And now we know that the Abu Dhabi fund, by the way, Trump's going to the Middle East next week.


The Abu Dhabi funds using $2 billion in Trump crypto for transactions. So the transaction fee will ignore to the benefit of Donald Trump and his family personally. We have Donald Trump building resorts in Qatar right now. Donald Trump building resorts in Oman with Saudi Arabia right now. I mean, the corruption is right in front of our faces. And look, should we talk about the insanity of Donald Trump posting AI images of himself as the Pope and offending the Catholic community right before they go into their conflict? Should we talk about that? Yes. It's deeply offensive and despicable Donald Trump wanting to open up reopen Alcatraz. Yes, but let's not forget about the billions and tens of billions of dollars in corruption right before our face with Donald Trump and his crime family.


Well then Donald Trump post Lawrence Jones is doing a great job on Fox and Friends. What? What do you, you just watch TV all day. You watch TI mean, again, imagine if you had someone who worked at your company, a boss, whoever at a company at a midsize, big size, small size company, nonprofit, whatever, who behaved this way. You would say, this is absolutely despicable. Well, are we any closer to having peace in Ukraine? A statement from JD Vance this morning, quote, there is a big gulf between where Ukrainians and Russians are US vice President Vance says, we think Russians are asking for too much. Vance also says, it is probably impossible to mediate this without at least some direct negotiation between Russia and Ukraine.


Well, I'm glad on May 7th, 2025, after making a fundamental promise of your campaign that you were going to bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. You go, eh, it's probably impossible. Without direct negotiations, you mean between Russia, which wants to exterminate Ukraine, which invaded Ukraine and Ukraine, which has agreed and wants there to be a ceasefire without any conditions at all. Europe realizes what a loser Donald Trump is. The world realizes what a loser Donald Trump is. And as Donald Trump makes the world weaker, Europe, Canada, Australia, other places are saying, okay, we got this.


We we know. Okay, Donald, you want to post about 60 minutes and how that makes you upset. Would 60 Minutes mean to you, Donald? Okay, w we're gonna pursue intelligent fiscal policy. We're gonna handle central banking the way it should be handled. We're going to build alliances the way they should be built. The European Commission will announce on Thursday details of its plan for countermeasures against us. Tariffs should negotiations with Washington fail. European trade. Commissioner Maro Veco said on Wednesday. Also, you remember yesterday how Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant announced that he would be meeting with Chinese trade representatives in Switzerland in the coming days.


Manipulates the market, moves the market. It's, it's the China play. Like our markets right now are moving on. The idea that the Trump administration is going to remove the tariffs on China, that's where we are. That we are going to that, that the markets, while former President Biden pursued smart, intelligent, fiscal policy created 16.2 million jobs in our economy, record low unemployment, 40,000 infrastructure projects going up. And they were, they were brutal to former President Biden. They treat Donald Trump removing the problems he created as somehow being a win. And on that basis, the market is being manipulated based on the ideas that there may be some sort of a deal with China in the horizon to remove the tariffs.


Not some comprehensive trade deal, but just to undo the damage that Donald Trump has done in this embargo.


The weather is heating up and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend that you check out Miracle Mades. Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Now, using those silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle made sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands. And feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne sleep clean with Miracle. Upgrade your sleep as the weather heats up. Go to try miracle.com/ Midas Plus to try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get free three piece towel set and save. An extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/ Midas Plus and use the code Midas Plus to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/ Midas Plus to Treat Yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode During this episode.


So, so now, treasury Secretary Scott Besant is saying, is he trying to downplay the expectations after he moved the market? Now he downplays the expectations. He goes, just the beginning of conversations. We'll, we'll see where it goes. Okay, well now use car prices are going up. Reflecting broad inflationary impacts from tariffs up 4.9% year over year in April, the biggest jump since August of 2022. So inflation is back. You know that even though Donald Trump's claiming, oh, like a miracle, it all went away. We know that it's here. And then the cruelty of his policies are seeping into a lot of other things as well. Take for example, this bulletin that Cornell University put out.


Approximately 40,000 children born every year have some type of heart condition, but that isn't a large enough number to incentivize the private sector, medical device companies to invest for that reason. The only option for federal funding. And one of the issues here is based on the Trump stop work order for federal government, the project's future is uncertain. So on a lab bench in the basement of Wheel Hall, a tiny device silently plumps fluid through a series of tubes and vessels that mimic the human heart, it has the potential to save lives. Lives of tens of thousands of babies with heart defects.


But the oligarch say, screw that. I always wanna highlight those little pieces in a given day too. 'cause with all of the Trump chaos, let's not forget the cruelty is the point. Speaking of cruelty being the point JD Vance yesterday at this press conference that he was having with Donald Trump, while India attacked Pakistan and they were, they were at war with each other. JD Vance joked about deporting tourists who attend the 2026 World Cup. He warned people that if you stay a little bit later than you should, after you attend the World Cup, that dog killer Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome, will throw you into concentration camps.


Ha ha. So funny. I'm sure people who have legitimate fears about coming into the United States, because the United States is literally disappearing human beings to concentration camps in El Salvador and showing ISIS style videos about it. I'm sure that's going to encourage tourism. You moron, you guys, these, these jd, these people are, are cruel and they are morons. It's just just that simple. The US and February made just $4.3 billion in new binding funding commitments to state and local governments. A 57.5% decline from the same month a year earlier.


We also learned that more than a half of the top holders of Donald Trump's mean coin who are jockeying for that dinner with Donald Trump that he was posting about today, have used foreign exchanges that say they ban US users suggesting that Many of the purchasers are based outside of the US speaking by the way of what else is going on outside of the US Denmark, inviting American scientists to continue their research in their country. We're seeing this all throughout Europe. We're seeing this in Australia. We're seeing this in China. We're seeing this in Asia. We're seeing them saying, look, US scientists will offer you funds and stipends come over here, brain drain.


Let's get rid of the best and brightest from the United States. Come to Denmark, come to Europe, come to France, and they're offering incentives to do that. Come to Canada, and we're seeing our scientists do that. They go, why would we go here where we're gonna be attacked by the Trump regime for doing scientific research? Are we gonna get thrown in jail? Is he gonna throw the DOJ at us? Is he gonna shut us down? No. We need to be able to do our job, do our profession, be scientists in a place that actually supports science. I wanna leave you with this story because it's so incredibly bizarre, but it's one of these things that are not getting reported enough. Let's just go into the reporting inside Sweden itself in Stockholm, and take a look at what their local paper is reporting.


This is front page news right now in Sweden. I know we have a lot of supporters from Sweden who are part of the Midas mighty. The US Embassy in Sweden sent a contract to Stockholm's Urban Planning Office demanding the elimination of equality, diversity, and inclusion policies and demanded they sign it. It's completely bizarre. A Stockholm urban planning counselor, Jean Skog said it's, but the most bizarre thing. So the United States through its embassy is acting like it controls Stockholm, that it controls Sweden, and it is telling the people of Sweden, you can't have diversity, equity and inclusion in Sweden, our embassy, you heard that, right?


The US Embassy sending contracts to government officials in Sweden and foreign countries saying, you must agree to remove your DEI, if you want what the United States Embassy to be here. And the people are outraged there, and I think the United States is now gonna be doing this in other nations as well. Well, I think they have before it. It's wild stuff that that's what they're doing. This is the Trump regime. It's buffoonish, it's clownish. No offense to clowns, but it's another day in the Trump regime. Tell me what you think. Leave comments below what's up to all of our Sweden fans. Good. Great to, great to have you watch. I got a, I got a lot of messages about this one from the Midas mighty in Sweden. We hit subscribe.


Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.