
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry with LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Connect to the world with special Turkish airlines fairs. Book your flight before November 30th and take advantage of great deals. Fly to the most exciting destinations with the award-winning airline that flies to more countries than any other terms and conditions. apply for more details. Visit Turkish airlines.com. Turkish Airlines. Widen your world


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows to reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


You know the expression, sometimes you f around and you find out. So now Joe Rogan podcast listeners are taking to the Joe Rogan message board on Reddit and they're posting, wow, you mean Donald Trump really meant that he's imposing these tariffs which are going to raise the prices on our goods and are going to lead to inflation, really? That that that's what he's planning on doing. So here's what's going down right now in the Joe Rogan message Board on Reddit. This is a post from someone named Hayden, and the subreddit title is called Education for the Nation. Hayden writes, you've gotta admit, a majority of the country voting for a man because of the price of goods are too high.


Only for him to increase prices on his first day in office has to be regarded as one of the greatest social experiments of all time. Now, you go to the Rogan message board, and again, Joe Rogan hosted Donald Trump on the podcast. Didn't ask him about any of these things for the three hours. It was basically just, you know, Rogan promoting Donald Trump for all three hours and for Rogan, who always talks about like Jeffrey Epstein and child sex trafficking stuff and all of that stuff, which appeals to his listeners. You're not gonna ask Donald Trump about his friendship with Epstein. You're not gonna confront Donald Trump with what a tariff actually is.


You're not gonna talk to Donald Trump about his views toward January 6th and insurrection not gonna cover that, but okay, what do I know? Here's what's on. Here's what's on the subreddit message board. Even the Soviets warrant this brainwashed, one listener writes, bro, I didn't know what his actual argument was going to be. So he's raising prices to stop the drugs and illegals, and then someone goes, yeah, the awful amounts of drugs and immigration from Canada, right? Donald Trump said his plan is that he's going to impose blanket 25% tariffs on Canada as well as Mexico and additional 10% tariffs on goods from China, which in reality is just a tax on American companies who import this stuff, which in turn is just passed on to the consumer in the form of prices being raised on consumer goods and essentially the level of the tariff plus an additional margin.


Then someone a a a Joe Rogan listener goes, which makes no sense, tariffs aren't going to stop the sale of illegal drugs. One of the things Donald Trump says is, look, we're doing this until Mexico stops selling fentanyl. By the way, about 90% of the fentanyl inside the United States comes from Americans. Americans 99.9% of the fentanyl market in America, it's Americans. That's where the demand comes from, and the supply also comes from 88 90% Americans who are the ones bringing these in. So like for example, JD Vance talking about his mother's opioid addiction, I think she got her drugs where she was working as a nurse.


That's what got her addicted to these things. So anyway, so other people on the Rogan Message Board are saying, how do tariffs stop drugs being smuggled across the border? Another Rogan listener says, that's the fun part, they don't, so the goods become more expensive than the drugs cocaine. No thanks. I'll take a banana. And then somebody goes. So the first day is gonna involve mass deportations and tariffs. Curious how this will play out to which someone responds, Joe referring to Rogan Joe will be fine and cheaper taxes. Good luck for the rest of y'all.


And then they give a kind of a fake quote from Joe Rogan where it goes, I just love all this freedom. That's a mega rich paranoid podcaster. Joe Rogan speaking. Someone else writes, economic collapse, record unemployment, billionaires win. We lose again.


Alright, let's get real. Who decided that wearing stiff uncomfortable pants was the key to looking good? Seriously, every year I dread holiday events because looking sharp always came with a side of discomfort, but not anymore. This year I'm giving myself the gift of comfort and style with public recs Day Maker pants. These pants are a game changer. They feel like your favorite sweats, but look like tailored dress pants. I'm talking super stretchy, breathable fabric with an elastic waistband. Whether I'm lounging during a holiday movie marathon demolishing leftovers, or let's be honest, surviving that awkward holiday party day maker pants have me covered. Give the gift of comfort to yourself or someone you love this holiday season with Public Recs Day Maker Pants, and for a limited time, you can get 20% off your entire order with code midas@publicrec.com. That's 20% off when you use promo code Midas MEIDAS at public rec.com. I've been wearing public recs day maker pants nonstop since they showed up at my door, and let me tell you, they are everything they promised to be. I took them on a recent trip and not only were they ridiculously comfortable, but they also kept me looking sharp enough for both travel days and dinners out. I've had friends ask, where'd you get those pants? And when I tell them they're as comfy as sweats, they are blown away. The best part, public rec lets you pick your exact size, none of that small, medium, large nonsense. I got my perfect fit. And now I'm wondering why all pants are not made this way. Plus, with 10 colors to choose from, like navy, stone, gray and dark olive, there's something for every style. These pants are made from a proprietary blend of performance materials so they're breathable, stretchy, and hold their shape no matter what. And while the day maker pants are the star of the show, public rec has a ton of other wardrobe essentials, polos, hoodies, shorts, you name it, you could basically redo your whole closet with this brand. I mean I'm currently wearing my public rec shirt and pants, I really can't get enough of it. Stop suffering in regular pants and give the gift of comfort this holiday season for a limited time only our listeners get 20% off. When you use Code Midas at checkout, that's 20% off with the code Midas MEIDAS at public rec.com. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them, please support our show and tell them we sent you say goodbye to pants that put up a fight. Because when comfort meets style, you have found public wreck.


One of the things that you know, I, I've been hearing a lot, and you may be hearing this too, is that really one of the things that liberals didn't have the term liberals, leftists, whatever you wanna say, this is what people frame. It's not how I frame the arguments. They go, they need their own Joe Rogan. Well, you can't just manufacture that. You have to be authentic with what your messaging is. And Rogan kind of pedals in a lot of these conspiracies. And what's important is that we still lead with our values. We make it and, and you see from the people who are posting who listen to Rogan, that if you can message to them exactly what they're talking about, you know, Rogan kind of pushes them in this conspiracy theory direction, which you know, for some people, you know, is a rabbit hole that they journey down due to.


They think they're doing their research and they think they're onto these big revelations, but sometimes Occam's razor, the simplest explanation is the truth, which is here we have billionaires who hang out at Mar-a-Lago, who are trying to further entrench their wealth and they are using their billions of dollars to basically convince people to vote against their own interests. And by the time people realize they voted against their interest, it's too late. So it's our job to make sure it's not too late. This is what another Rogan listener says.


They're turning the billionaires and this is how you, this is how you message it too. I wanna share with you what people are saying, how they're talking about this. Now they are turning the US economy into a poop and scoop scheme. I wonder how long they'll be able to get away with that illegal immigration and drugs coming in distraction before the less savvy among us actually catch on. The dumbest thing is many people claim to vote for him because of inflation, but higher wealth concentration among the affluent drives up costs for everyone else. While rising costs makes it harder for lower income households to accumulate wealth, worsening in equality, this shit is playing out all over the world too.


It's like global billionaires declared war on the lower class and the lower classes said, okay, just as long as I get to hate on immigrants and tranny, someone else goes, that's exactly what it is. Find a scapegoat, shift the blame. If it wasn't obvious after the cat and dog thing, then there's truly nothing you can do with some of these brainwashed people. Someone goes, and this is an interesting observation. Yeah, I'm starting to realize you can fool half the people all the time. The other half can be fooled some of the time, but that first half is conditioned to being fooled all the goddamn time.


It subconsciously makes them angry too, which is then fed back into fooling them even more to which someone responds. Yeah, that cognitive dissonance leads to anger eventually. The mental gymnastics they do, just to protect someone that gives zero shits about them is sad. Other people who listen to Rogan are saying, how do tariffs stop drugs being smuggled across the border? That's the fun part. They don't respond to another Rogan listener. So the goods become more expensive than the drugs, you know? And, and, and by the way, I could go on reading more and more of this stuff, by the way, this comes at the same time as the leader of Mexico.


They're newly sworn in President Claudia Scheinbaum says that if Donald Trump imposes these 25% tariffs on Mexico, there will be retaliatory tariffs that Mexico imposes on the United States. That creates a trade war scenario and nobody benefits from that at all. One of the things that Scheinbaum said as well, I'll do a whole nother video on this, is that actually border crossings right now are pretty low based on Biden's executive orders after Republicans refuse to engage in negotiations on a bipartisan border deal, or they killed the border deal at Donald Trump's request.


So because they wouldn't pass the laws, Biden implemented executive orders. Border crossings have been going down now for about the last six to nine months. They're, they're basically lower than they were when Trump was in office right now. So then Mag is all used that to Say. you see, Donald Trump did it. He did it. That's why border crossings are down right now, and it's just, they, they, they, they feed into that illogic. Now, I I, I'll show you this too as well. This is Ukrainian boxing legend and brother of Kiev's, mayor Klitschko responding to Joe Rogan here because one of the things that Rogan has been saying, as well as he's been attacking Ukraine with Russian propaganda talking points and basically saying that Russia is justified for using intercontinental ballistic missiles on Ukraine.


You know, and, and when I watch Klitschko too, and it's probably one of the overall messages I want to convey in this video is that a lot of what goes on in the right wing ecosystem are men who bully and punch down and try to act like that's alpha and and that's just not how I was raised. And it's interesting that when you see someone like a Klitschko who's fighting for his country, you know, who's like a real life Ukrainian version of like a GI Joe, and you take a klitschko and you compare 'em to these like rightwing podcasters who pretend to be alpha and say all of these horrible things about women.


I think it's important that we reflect on that and go, that's not alpha and we have to address it. And we have to, I think, elevate authentic voices that already exist out there. We can't manufacture, oh, we need to create this. No, no, no. We have to find authentic voices and and uplift them. And we have to talk about one of the things that's actually happening, which is that there is a concerted effort by oligarchical billionaires to create this or to foster these laboratories of oligarchy and autocracy and thrust that upon us. We gotta push back. Here's Klitschko, let's play it.


Joel Rogan, I listened to your latest podcast. I'm sending you this video to let you know that it is agree. You talk about this, American weapons being sent to Ukraine, which you believe will lead to the third World War. So let me tell you that you are repeating Russian propaganda. Putin's Russia is in trouble, so they want to scare you and people like you. His war was supposed to last three days. It has lasted three years thanks to the heroism and sacrifice of us Ukrainians. So you're using the only weapon that Putin really intends to use propaganda, and this weapon really weakens our democracies.


Putin's Russia wants to destroy Ukraine quietly. They want America to stay quiet. Not great, but quiet. A great America is not an America that abundance, countries that defend freedom with their lives. In short, you see, I have quite a few points of difference. If you invite me on your podcast, we could discuss them like free men. There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.