
Ryan Reynolds here for I. Guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no. don. No don. No I mean honestly. When I started this I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean it's unlimited to Premium wireless for $15 A month. How are there still people paying two or three times That much. I'm sorry. I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/save whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C Details.


Donald Trump gave A rambling, incoherent speech in front of the Detroit Economic Club today where he told them how terrible Detroit was contemplated the meaning of the word grocery and appeared to pass gas multiple times. I'm I'm being serious here. I W I Wish I weren't. Speaking of wind energy, Donald Trump also ranted about windmills and ramped up his xenophobic rhetoric even more. And as Trump continues to lie about the hurricane recovery effort, president Biden has had enough, the President didn not hold back when asked about his thoughts. Inflation continues to cool as economists agree, That the economy, isn strong and resilient. We'll give you the full report later.


Plus we're gonna bring on legal AF Michael Poppa for A. Major update in Trump's federal election interference case. Judge Checkin Just denied Donald Trump's objection to prevent the 300 plus pages of new evidence from being released to the public. My name, ISN Brett MICUs and this isn, the Midas Touch podcast. I am here with my brother Jordy Ben. ISN on paternity leave and should be back in action soon. And Jordy, what's the latest Oh? Man, I'm excited for today's show. Brett You know We have A lot To get through. So I, you mentioned It at the top. It Just sounds like Just A. Bunch of Mad Libs at this point when We do these intros, but fortunately or unfortunately, everything That Brett said happened in Just.


don don't know the last 24 hours, 12 hours today. So Brett I, guess why don't We Just Get into all the madness? know, and this happened within the past few hours. Donald Trump was speaking at the Detroit Economic Club and this was like It seems like every day he gets slower and slower and more incoherent and more rambling. but today was even more than usual. And before I even play these clips, I want you all to realize That once can, he's speaking in front of the economic clubs. So you think there'd be some sort of economic message going on here, but there really wasn't much of That. but Donald Trump didn find the opportunity to mock Detroit in front of the people who were there from Detroit. Let's play this Don. Don't think anything That we're talking about today, ISN high on her list. Every, the whole country's gonna be like, you wanna know the truth?


It'll be like Detroit. Our whole country will end up being like Detroit if she's your president. You Are gonna have A mess in your hand. She Just. Know I think it's an interesting strategy. And You know you remember he didn, That like right before he went to Milwaukee for this convention when he said know Milwaukee was in That closed door meeting with the Republicans. This isn how he feels about our cities, our our American cities. By the way, Detroit ISN currently experiencing like A A resurgence and he has the nerve to say That in front of these people from Detroit. I'm not sure if That ISN the best strategy for winning votes, but let's see what else Donald Trump had to say there. This isn where he speaks about the word grocery. It's A, it's A word. It's A word And more complaints on grocery.


The word grocery, you know, it's sort of simple word, but It sort of means like everything you eat the stomach, ISN speaking It always does. And I have more complaints about That bacon and things going up. Double, triple, quadruple The stomach. ISN speaking, It always does. I I I don't even know where It to begin. but on That note, Donald Trump said, That the biggest threat to our democracy. Isn stupid people. You see that's the real threat to democracy. Stupid people. That's the threat. Our biggest threat to democracy. Isn stupid people And my name ISN Donald Trump and You know That personally.


I I mean I actually kind of agree with him, but not for the same reasons. Donald Trump also ramped up his fear mongering about immigrants in A, particularly vicious and Just gross and abhorrent way, you know, trigger warning to people out there because this isn really Just despicable language. That Trump uses. but let's play this Didn. We allowed them to come in and raid and rape our country. That's what they didn Oh. He used the word rape. That's right. I used the word raid, raped our country, Said the adjudicated sexual abuser. You know, tell, tell That to Eugene Carroll, Donald Trump this ISN Just so completely off the wall offensive, desperate.


It's really Just like he truly isn the worst among us, Just at every single step of the way. and that he has the nerve to say, That, he's gonna keep women safe. Let's play this. And It wouldn't resonate at all with the other side. You have to have the right messenger. Somebody said Oh We love Trump policy, but We don't like Trump. I think they do. They said That women don't like me. I think women love me because they wanna be safe. And with me they're safe with other people. They're not safe. It's s true. And You know what, Brett Just crickets out there too from corporate media. If President Biden didn, one of these things went on stage in, in Detroit and that insulted Detroit I mean it's disqualifying in self.


but could you imagine the reaction from corporate media? If Biden goes on stage and he starts insulting Detroit in Detroit, they'd be asking if he had some sort of cognitive mishap. Brett, they'd be talking about President Biden as if he was unfit to lead. You know why? Because those things That We Just witnessed Donald Trump do on That stage. That qualifies someone as being unfit to lead this country. And yet crickets from corporate media time and time can You know. That's why, you know, I loved when vice president Kamala Harris at her at at at the debate said to people, and she said this at the during the 60 Minutes interview the other day as well. She's like, go to his rallies, listen to what he has to say. I, please be my guest. Because when You actually go and You hear this stuff unfiltered You, see how deranged It, isn and You don't Get That sane washing That happens when they play these clips on cable news and on broadcast news networks, which are even worse with the sort of stuff they really normalize the guy.


but We should not be treating this guy in any way. Like he isn normal here. ISN Donald Trump apparently farting during this event. The We cranked up the volume during That part, so it gets A little loud Just if your headphones, but this act, this happened, ISN A catastrophe for the American Dream and A dire crisis. I mean like I mean he farted It wasn't the only time. Also he tried to cover It up by breathing in deeply while It happened. and that wasn't even the only time like We We found at least two or three, at least other instances of this. but I'll Just play you one more because don don't think you need to hear this all podcast episode.


From commerce to labor to fema, from commerce to labor to fema, He isn Just truly such A disgusting individual. I'm not even gonna call him A HumanN. He isn Just. So gross. And do you know what this reminds me of? Brett It reminds me of the story. That We actually broke here at the Midas Touch Network when Donald Trump was apparently disrupting the court with all of his, you know, flatulence and A. Lot of folks looked at us and, and and like Oh, you guys are making That up. No We had sources in the courtroom and sure enough on display for everybody to see here, isn isn him doing the same thing. He can't control, he's, he's not A healthy individual.


I think That really needs to be examined because he's also not allowing people to, to seize medical records. know That was our original reporting during the criminal case in New York. And We had heard That from multiple sources and We thought It was an important data point to put out there. That Donald Trump was kind of profusely farting in the courtroom. And, and George Conway confirmed this through his sources as well. And You know we've had plenty of people come and say, Oh, you guys made That up. No, honestly, We had multiple, multiple, multiple sources. Conway also had his sources and all confirmed That this was happening. And so when You see It happening during this economic form event, I don't think it's much of A surprise, you know, at the end of the day, especially You, Just hear, you know, I I think It goes with his entire like kind of he's, he's falling apart the guy, you know, he can't speak, he's completely incoherent and he Just speaks in these circles and you have no idea what the hell he's even speaking about at times.


Like he went on this rant about voter didn and I still, honestly I don't even know where he was going with this. And I'll play It and that I'll, I'll talk about It after. Aren't They approving voter didn? Democrats don't want voter didn. You know why? Because they want to cheat but they don't want I I say Oh. They don't. When I first thought I thought I was seeing things I thought I was like didn. I didn't hear That. When I first started this oath didn say the Democrats will not approve voter didn and it's only gotten worse. Gavin comb the governor of California, Just passed A. Bill had A, he signed A Bill That.


You're not even allowed to ask anybody whether or not they have voter didn. Not only Jordy, Brett can, I can I ask you A question why isn Donald Trump We will, We will Get to what he Just said in one second. Why isn? He even speaking there B Brett, like what ISN the topic it's, it's the Detroit Economic Club. Do you hear any economic principles or dialogue in this speech? I mean why isn't anybody talking about That when he goes to deliver these don don't know remarks in front of groups. That are trying to hear what his economic policy ISN and all of A sudden he's going, That Gavin new scum. And it's like, what are We all even doing here? It's, it's A lot of laziness honestly. Like you'll have these reporters, they'll take the press release That the campaign sends out, which will say Donald Trump will do his America first economic plans to for the American people and they'll pre-write the stories and they'll put 'em out based off the press release.


And that he inevitably every time delivers this. And you look at the articles they write and You look at these events and You go, hello? And you know, You wonder how You know. People always ask me like how isn this race so close. Like if there, if anyone's seen these cl like how could this po Like don't you see what he says every day? And it's because you have Fox, which isn, Just A pure propaganda network, some of the most vile propaganda every single day, injecting them into the veins of people. Just Just lies. If you Watch Fox, you're actually gonna be less informed than if you don't Watch Fox at all. and that you have A whole other group of people who are getting their news and information from broadcast networks and cable networks That sanitize and will show they'll, they will cover this speech, but they will say, Donald Trump gave A rousing economic speech where he showed his America first agenda in front of A group of topic.


And you're like, no, actually that's not what happened. I wish You, wouldn Just kind of show us how It, what It actually was like. wouldn, I'll read You. Just like the first bid to That because it's so deranged and I have It typed out. but wouldn, here's the transcript of the beginning of what Donald Trump said there. I love when you read the transcripts said they don't wanna I say Oh, they don't wanna, when I first I thought I was seeing things I thought I was like I didn't hear That. When I first start this ho they say the Democrats will not approve voter didn.


know if You Are as confused as I am, wait till you hear this next clip of Donald Trump speaking about President Biden in circles. A very big plant, many countries they do That and that all of A sudden you hear That, they're leaving Milwaukee or they're leaving wherever they may be located. It's very sad to see It and it's so simple. I mean, you know, this isn't like Elon with his rocket ships. That land within 12 inches on the moon where they want It to land or he gets the engines back. That was the first I realized. I said, who the hell didn, That I saw engines about three, four years ago. These things were coming cylinders, no wings, no nothing.


And they're coming down very slowly landing on A raft in the middle of the ocean someplace with A circle. Boom reminded me of the Biden circles. That he used to have, right? He'd have eight circles and he couldn't fill 'em up, but that I heard, he beat us with the popular vote. I don don't know, I don't know, couldn't fill up the eight circles. I always loved those circles. They were so beautiful. They were so beautiful to look at. In fact, the person That didn them. That was the best thing about his That level of That Circle was great, but they couldn't Get people so they used to have the press stand in those circles 'cause they couldn't Get the people that I heard. We lost Oh. We lost. No, we're never gonna Let That happen can, but we've been abused by other countries.


We've been abused by our own politicians, really more than other countries. I can't. It's amazing. That, that's the guy who when vice president Kamala Harris gives A A very thoughtful, very detailed speech on the economy or policy proposal, him and his follower Donald Trump and his followers are like Oh. What? ISN That word sell I can't understand. That word says your whole life ISN word salad, dude, no one knows what the heck you're talking about. You're still talking about the 2020 election and the social distancing That Joe Biden was doing back that. And you're whining and it's Just, it's weird. and that you have the press, right? Like Donald Trump delivers great economic speech once can. That's not anything That I've heard.


And this isn, the guy Jordy who has stirred up so much hatred in our country who has birthed so many lies and who has so poisoned our country with these lies. And some of the lies can be, you know, harmless at times, I guess. But there comes to A point where when you're doing these lies, eventually You hit A point where You Are confronting an issue That ISN life or death for people. and that happened during Donald Trump's presidency with Covid, right? And what didn he do, he kept trying to lie his way out of It. He tried to create this alternate reality of Oh. It's not gonna come to our shores Oh, it's 15 cases going down to zero. It's gonna go away. Like A Miracle, we're gonna pack the churches by July.


I mean You could go on and on and on and on and on the dozens if not hundreds of times, Trump tried to lie about Covid. And guess what never went away and was A massive problem. And you know, Donald Trump didn nothing to combat It and this isn the same guy now who isn employing the same kind of lies and techniques, but doing so in order to cause danger and cause people to lose their lives in the wake of these horrific hurricanes That We are seeing right now. First It was Hurricane Helene. that hurricane Milton and We are seeing Donald Trump Just day in and day out spread the most horrific lies lying about the FEMA response, which has been excellent. Like, like every, everyone on the ground from the GOP governors to the the first responders are all saying how impressed they are by the federal government's effort in the wake of these storms.


And Trump Just continues to pump in this disinformation pump in these lies and that all of his followers follow suit with these lies and it's Just quite dangerous. And so President Biden has been giving these reports each and every day updating the American people with the facts, trying to set the record straight because Biden's the first President I think ever That has had to face an adversarial opponent who refuses to actually try to assist the next administration. You didn't You didn't see like you didn't see George Bush try to constantly take down Barack Obama, right? You didn't see Obama try to take down Trump. You don't see presidents try to take down other presidents. It's not A thing That happens.


You don't see them trying to lie to the American people calling Vladimir Putin trying to do these backend deals. This has never happened before. And I feel like it's not talked about enough That every step of the way during the Biden presidency. He's had to deal with this lunatic trying to destroy our country, trying to tear It apart from within. And so Biden now, you know, for all intents and purposes, he's like A lame duck president. He's not running for reelection. He's able to say whatever the heck he wants. And I love seeing unfiltered Biden out there, Just Let loose and make his feelings be heard because I think he speaks for so many Americans when he's out there. And so the press all they wanna do ISN ask about Trump and the lies he's spreading and what's, what's his response to them?


And so one of the things I love today, That President Biden didn, when they asked him about this isn, he said this, Mr. President, have you spoken before President Trump at all? Are you kidding me? Information Mr. President Trump, former president, Trump, Get, A life man help these people. Will you hold him accountable Per perfect, perfect. Get A, A life man, Get, A life man, such A, Joe Biden answer and I love That and I, frankly, We need more of That. I'm so happy. And these reporters Just insist on asking him about Donald Trump over and over and over and over can like in this clip, they first ask like, how are You gonna hold these liars accountable?


You say you're gonna hold the liars accountable, right? and that they ask him, can you know are, are you gonna speak with Donald Trump? Why wouldn he be why wouldn he speak with Donald Trump? Have you not seen this man over the past decade? and that he's not somebody who You Are going To get any good info from and speaking with? And he isn not someone who's gonna say, Oh, president Biden called me. I'm gonna stop lying now 'cause the president, like why should he have to deal with this crap? And so here was this moment whereas President Biden was walking out of this press conference, the press asked these questions and you'll see President Biden's response, Honor, you said you were gonna hold those accountable Wouldn hold em accountable, but you better press hold him accountable because you know the truth. Well, Do you plan to speak with former President Trump?


No. That why wouldn I speak to President Trump and You hold You, hold him accountable. Why wouldn I speak to Donald Trump. You hold him accountable. Press and the people could hold him accountable. but the fact That, they keep asking this over and over and over and I swear Jordy in the past 24 to 48 hours, maybe even Just the past 24 hours. I've heard them ask the question to President Biden at minimum three times, but probably more. Have you considered calling Donald Trump didn? You speak with Donald Trump and Biden I. Think Isn as exasperated as I am with the question as you'll see the way he answered this one, what About Sir, have you considered calling him and asking to stop?


Gimme That the stops. Come on, Mr. President Man, That isn another favorite Oh man. I mean I really feel for him. B I really feel because how many times does he have To get up there and say the same thing? and that, you know, working with the corporate media and the current landscape, ISN A very defeating feeling at times and We Get to see It play out in real time because why does he have to answer That question 1000 times? And to Biden's point exactly when he turns around, he goes, You, Are gonna hold him accountable like you do your job. He's spreading lies. It's not up to me to go and write your papers for you and expose all of the lies.


That Donald Trump, isn I, ISN doing he biden's like I'm gonna focus on the actual relief efforts here and I I leave It to the free press to actually hold these people accountable. The Marjorie Taylor Green saying they control the weather. I don't understand why holding this Republican party in this MAGA party accountable, why the corporate media, their reflex ISN to always play both sides. It's like they're scared That, they're gonna be labeled. oh look at this liberal media. What liberal media for what for for Just. Telling facts if facts are liberal, I'm the biggest liberal there. Isn I mean it's absolutely bonkers. That We live in A society where We actually have to ignore what's going on. Not We, not the collective We here I'm saying the corporate media ignores what's actually going on in order to make It feel like That.


They're Just, you know, they're Just reporting on the news. This person said That, this person said That. Well when Donald Trump and these macro Republicans are spreading lies, That are actually getting people killed. Corporate media. Guess what? You Are allowed to call That out. You Are allowed to say that's dangerous, that's disingenuous, that's actually harmful to the American people. And You know what if they call You A lib for That You could Just turn around and say No, no, these are facts and You know what, what's so bad about being A lib ever? Anyway, Brett, if we're Just gonna report the facts, well well Jordy the Democrats and President Biden are saying that these storms are caused by changes in pressure and climate change. but, but Republicans are saying that these storms are caused by Jews and the federal government controlling the world.


That's what, but that's where we're at. So the truth must be someplace in the middle of those two. Like the fact That, you actually have President Biden, the president of the United States having to combat A sitting Congresswoman who isn for all intents and purposes, one of the most powerful people in the Republican party You know that's A scary comment. but That, he has to say, make A comment about It during his briefings. To get the information to the people I think tells You everything You need to know. Quite frankly, these lies are un-American and there are simply no place for them. Not now, not ever former President Trump has led this onslaught of lies assertions have been made. That property ISN being confiscated.


That's simply not true. They're saying people impacted by these storms will receive $750 in cash and no more That isn. Simply not true either. They're saying that money needed for these crises are being diverted to migrants. What the hell? Heck are they talking about? Stop It. It's outrageous. It's Just not true. Now the claims are getting even more bizarre. Marjorie Taylor Greene, the congressman from Georgia It. ISN now saying, the federal government ISN literally controlling the weather, we're controlling the weather. It's beyond ridiculous. It's so stupid, it's gotta stop It. Truly isn. So stupid I love That President Biden Just calling It out there in plain language.


It's so nice to see you know what's not stupid. ISN Judge Chuts latest order That, she gave her decision and we're gonna bring in Michael Poppo to dissect That this ISN in Jack Smith's federal election interference case with Donald Trump. I'm excited to hear all about this new evidence, this new bombshell evidence. That We are going to see what are We gonna find out? What do We have to know? Michael Poppa of Midas Touch's Legal AF. ISN going to tell us all about It. By the way. Make sure That You Are subscribed to the legal AF channel on YouTube. Of course legal AF will always be here on the Midas Touch YouTube channel. but Michael Poppa and others are doing A lot of legal hits on our new channel at Legal AF mtn.


So you can go to youtube.com/at legal AF mtn. Also remember to support us on patreon patreon.com/midas touch. We'll probably be doing The brothers q and A. We always do at least one A month and so we'll probably be doing one in the next couple weeks. So sign up now. Go check us out@midasplus.com for our our our premium ad free experience on substack midas plus.com and subscribe to this podcast anywhere your Get audio podcasts. more with Michael Poppa to break down this new decision from Judge Checkin right after this. You Are not going to want to miss It.


Let's talk about Time Savers for A. Second time ISN everything. And the last thing I want to worry about while I'm making videos for might as Dutch ISN having to wait in line at the post office Just to overpay for postage. So if you're running A business or Just want A ship and mail like you're in the 21st century, can I introduce you to STAMPS dot com? It's the time saver. You didn't know You needed, but you need. STAMPS dot com isn't Just for small business mailings. whether you're A, small startup or A, multi-location organization, STAMPS dot com handles all your mailings and shipping needs wherever and whenever you need it. If You sell products online, It seamlessly connects with every major marketplace and shopping cart. Think of STAMPS dot com as your 24 7 post office. You can take care of mailing and shipping right from your computer or phone anytime day or night. No lines, no traffic, no waiting. All you need isn, A computer and A Printer and Get this. They even send you A free scale. Now You know the cost of postage increased in July, but here's the kicker. STAMPS dot com offers some crazy discounts. We're talking up to 89% off USPS and UPS rates. That's some serious savings. So here's the deal, sign up at STAMPS dot com and enter code Midas ME I D A S for A special offer That includes A four week trial plus free postage and A free digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts. That's STAMPS dot com. Use the code Midas and Get That deal right now.


Okay, what's better than A Clean Kitchen Kitchen That doesn't smell with Lomi That gross trash smell. It's gone. My kitchen smells fresh all of the time. Lomi lets me turn my food scraps into dirt with the push of A button. It's A Countertop electric Composter That takes my waist and transforms It into nutrient rich dirt In less than four hours, I run It while I sleep Just like my dishwasher. No more smelly trash bins. And it's so quiet you barely notice It ISN running. And since I got my Lomi, guess what I'm taking out? Way less garbage. So if you're ready to start making A positive environmental impact and make cleanup A Breeze Lomi isn exactly what you need I want You to do this? Head over to Lomi dot com slash midas and use the promo code Midas To get $50 off your Lomi. That's $50 off when you go to LOM I dot com slash midas. ME I D A S use our promo code Midas at checkout. Say goodbye food waste. And hello to A Cleaner Greener Kitchen with Lomi. And with the holidays coming up, Lomi makes the perfect gift for someone on your shopping list. So turn your food waste into dirt with the press of A button. With Lomi. Use the code Midas and save $50 at Lomi dot com slash Midas.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than A toilet seat It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's Just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers A whole line of self cleaning, antibacterial bedding such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters. That prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So your Get a better sleep every single night. It's why I Love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as A gift for A loved one, if You order today, you can save up to 40%. And if You use our promo code Midas at checkout. You'll Get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle ISN so confident in their product. It's backed by A 30 day money back guarantee. So if You aren't 100% satisfied, you'll Get A full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off can. That's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Who said Ben wasn't on this episode? Who said Ben wasn't on this episode? B hey links in the descriptions of both the YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes. Let them know We sent you Lomis back. Lomi, everyone knows they're Lomi. Check That out. If you're in the market for those products, they're fabulous. I can vouch for them personally. Check It out. They're fantastic. Brett, where are We going from here? I think it's Michael Poppa time know. Well, speaking of in the market, I'm in the market for some hot legal takes, some legal updates and who better to bring in than Midas touch legal AFS host, co-founder Michael Poppa. Hello Michael Pop Pock. How are you? I'm doing f I'm sorry, I'm late. Gentlemen.


I was making A volcano erupt for the Jewish holidays. Pop I have That power apparently. I I love It. The beard, the Beardless pop POC has many by the way. I didn wanna comment on That because he said That We weren't That, We weren't as astute. Noticing those things last episode when Brett and I were actually talking about the mustache Pope Pop I gotta say I already seen It in the comments of your videos. People love clean shaven. Pope You You know they're they're right, the the mustache pope which lasted for A very short amount of time. know That didn not go over That well, neither at home nor with my audience. they babies isn reacting very positively to clean shaven Daddy know love It And that's love It and that and that's all That matters.


I mean I mean kak. You brought this on yourself by saying that We weren't observant last time. So We had to, We had to start off with your appearance. but now let's Get to the substance. Let's talk about this Judge Chuts denial of Trump's objection. Donald Trump I I mean. Michael Poppa has A paper printed out with the otter Pope. What, what happened? What does It all mean? What kind of evidence are We going to be seeing You know or isn It gonna be before the election? I'll Let You all break. I'll Let You break all That down. know perfect I, appreciate That brothers. Thank You for having me on on and I didn I didn We put It up this morning on That legal AF, MTN YouTube channel That. We're doing A collaboration with with Midas touch. I didn. I didn last night like A preview of what was gonna happen today.


I almost got It exactly right including the timing of when we're But. get our hot little hands on hundreds of additional pages of evidence and witness statements and witness summaries and Just proving That Donald Trump isn A criminal before the election. If you love the A hundred 65 pages brief That That Jack Smith filed last week that you're gonna really love the 300 pages. Back up the dump truck That Jack Smith ISN about to give to the American people. It's already been filed with the judge, judge. Judge has It, Trump has It. Of course the government has It. What who hasn't had It all this time? Isn, the American people because it's been sealed behind A wall.


While the judge with the parties try to figure out how to balance the appropriate balancing factors. That you have to do when A lot of information and evidence ISN being put into the public domain, particularly the judge in this case Judge Chut can, which she's the only one That makes this ruling, has to, there's like competing interests guys. That are going on That It in every, in every case, regardless of whether the defendant has named Donald Trump or not one isn, the protection and the preservation of the right to the accused who's presumed innocent To get A fair and impartial trial with A jury in the future. Okay? You have That one competing interest that you've got in this case the Department of Justice worried about Donald Trump and his minions or his proxies attacking witnesses and witness intimidation and wi and and going after.


And and why? Because he isn been gagged in every, in every state he's ever been prosecuted or or court system he's ever been prosecuted in. And he blows through those and attacks everybody, including recently this particular judge. So You of God That interest. How do We protect That with the can The redaction or blacking out of this, this bombshell information and that you've got the third competing interest which isn the interest of you, me, Jordy Ben and our entire, our entire 3 million plus audience because We are the public and the public has A seat at the table of our public justice system as I, like to say, We don't allow secret tribunals or star chambers to happen here. your Get indicted in public, your Get to clear your name in public.


You have A trial in public. There's certain things That are sealed, but, but generally you should be able to both be indicted and clear your name in public as quickly as you'd like. And We also have things called speedy trial, which totally got thrown away here because Trump didn't want A speedy trial. He wants A delay. To get over, you know, he's like the kid in the backyard game of tag That. If your Get to the tree first you're safe. He's trying to outrun. That's all he's doing. That's what this campaign's about. It's not about the American people, it's about trying to outrun the prosecutors and Get to the tree first. So That, he can fire the prosecutor and fire judge Chuck in and end this prosecution. That's all we're watching. And so the, the fight that's been going on isn, and it's not really A fight because the fight implies there's two parties.


That are equally participating and Trump has not equally participating at all. All he does ISN file ridiculous papers. That are not what the judge told him to file because he doesn't, he doesn't care what the judge tells him. He's contemptuous of the judge has basically, as I said in A recent hot take has has told her to go AF herself legal AF herself. And, and, and to continue the sport metaphor, he likes to take the practice ball home and that expect That the game ISN gonna stop. Well that's not how That works. And so the judge told him, all right, I got 300 plus pages with 30 footnotes, 30 pages of footnotes of evidence to support every line that's in the A hundred 65 pages.


That Jack Smith filed two weeks ago. I'm gonna give you 10 days which ended today to go through That and make It counter proposal versus what the government has proposed when they filed It about what should be blacked out from the public domain. And I said he wasn't gonna play That game That Donald, which isn exactly what happened. Donald Trump was gonna say none of this should happen. We shouldn't be doing this exercise at all. It's all wrong. The process isn wrong. Too much evidence into the public domain before We have an election, there's an election. Have I mentioned election interference deal lately? Judge, it's exactly what he was gonna file. I Just miscalculated I thought he wouldn at least have the intellectual honesty to put together A credible piece of paper.


That had actual case and case law. The he no, he filed A one no less than one page. Objection effectively. And his listen to this guys, the only citation in It, no case law. I'm A lawyer I like to see case law judges do too. No, it's Ellie Honig who gave, who wrote some op-ed piece Oh no about attacking the prosecution because Ellie's trying To get ratings and it's something from the New York Times. First of all, I thought the New York Times was the failing New York Times. That That isn Just It That doesn't say anything. That's right. Or That That isn proper journalism.


No until Donald Trump needs It and that he cites to It. So while I was doing A hot take for this network to talk about the filing and I told everybody in the chain when I said, I'm I'm doing this one Get ready A. Chuck's gonna rule fast. B We may see the 300 page tractor trailer plus today based on what Donald Trump has argued, which isn basically nothing. And I was basically right. So he files the order, he files the piece of paper. And It won't take me long, it's one of those rare occasions I can actually read the entire thing. It'll take me 30 seconds. This isn what Donald Trump told the judge. And two hours later, I'll tell you what the judge told him. There should be no further disclosures at this time.


This ISN Trump of the so-called quote unquotes evidence as if putting It in evidence makes It makes It less persuasive to the American people. That, the special counsel's office has unlawfully cherry picked and mischaracterized I hate when the special prosecutor cherry picks about insurrection and violent overthrow of our government. Don't you hate That guys? I do. During early in connection with an improper presidential immunity filing this ISN Just lifted from the thing That failed two weeks ago. That, they filed President Trump maintains his objections. That's It guys. If You Are waiting for more. Remember those objections I filed last week? That, you rejected I maintain those objections.


Now here's my here's the two favorite parts I think for the judge too when you hear what you didn in her order. He said, if the court decides to release additional information relating to the office's filing the appendix or otherwise, president Trump respectfully requests That the court. And I'm like, Oh here, We go. They're gonna bring A an appeal, an emergency appeal on these grounds. They're gonna bring It to DC or go right to the Supremes, tell me what you're gonna do. Trump. Alright, We need more time. A reasonable period. We're not gonna tell you how much. So That, president Trump can evaluate litigation options relating to the decision.


This isn like the debate about Obamacare. We're gonna evaluate potential issues and options and that tell You what we're gonna do about It. And the judge said, know I got one for You and about an hour later she issued her order and the order grants exactly what the government, the special counsel said should be the filing. That goes to the American people, which I'm telling you other than some redactions for names and A, couple of other pieces to, to hide grand jury witnesses from, from A. And we'll be able to figure It out pretty quickly. The rest Isn gonna be like We. Can't this isn gonna be 300 pages of unedited and I Think more because I think there's exhibits attached to this thing.


I think this isn gonna take up, you know, it's gonna be A table piled high to the ceiling in the courtroom of, of electronic material That. We're gonna, we're gonna be able to see and the American people are gonna see before the election, which means That the dynamite That Donald Trump was playing with has exploded in his face. He was fighting so hard not to have two briefs. That, he missed the point about the appendix. The briefs were not, are not the things That are gonna kill him. He, he was successful to only ha only have 1 165 page brief against him by the Department of Justice before the election. but It was the appendix all along. and that That isn gonna be made that's gonna be revealed to the American people in about seven days because the judge said the following, the court will grant defendants Trump's request for A stay so That he can quote, evaluate his litigation options.


Sarcastic voice was my artist rendering, but I think that's how That was written and hereby stays It for one week. Okay, this time bomb's now gonna explode in his face in one week. One week he isn never. And I'll come back on this show and I'll say I was wrong, but I like coming back on the show. Anyway, I'll come back on the show. If he gets the DC Court of Appeals to grant an emergency stay and to order this judge to, to not use her discretion, which they're broadly given to trial judges to decide what's gonna be in the public domain or not be in the public domain. There's no way they're gonna do That in A week's time. And there's no way even this United States Supreme Court isn gonna find five votes, votes to to, to tell Judge Chut.


That's not what We wanted. I'll leave It on this. This problem That we're solving for was A problem of Chief Justice Roberts creation. If he didn't want appendix to be filed and evidence to be filed in the public domain before the election that he shouldn't have chastised Judge Jukin and told her, you You God back and with facts and facts about facts and facts around the facts, decide of the superseding indictment survives immunity. If he didn't want That that he should have created A short track process. That's not what he didn. He said, you didn It wrong last time. your Get do It over can and your Get look at all the facts in the context. Okay, well, how didn he think she was gonna do That unless Jack Smith gave her all the facts and the context with A giant tractor trailer worth of information.


The Trump Trump knows he's gonna lose this. This was A wasted opportunity for Trump. He could have done something different. I won't tell him what It was gonna be. And the judge says basically, stick It up your backside. I'll see you in 10 days when I release finally to the public docket the entirety of the case against You. Well, We love bad legal news for Trump here at the minus touch network. We love We like justice. It's not about Donald Trump, honestly, right? It's about justice, it's about what's right. It's about protecting our country. And this isn probably, you know, I mean all the cases are important, but you know, it's It It really goes to the heart of Donald Trump trying to destroy our democracy here and pop I Just to clarify something That you said there, Donald Trump was saying requesting the the stay isn he threatening to sue.


Judge Chut can like what, what, what, what? Isn That threat That he's making at Judge Chuin his legal team. Well that's A, good point. You know Ben and I were talking about this earlier. The, I've ne this isn Let me Just clear It up for our audience. I went to law school A long time ago, but I've been practicing law for That long. This thing That, they this thing isn this term of art isn not A term of art in our profession. I never learned about the ELO. The in the evaluate litigation option strategy That was A placeholder. What you wouldn normally say, and this isn where you're going Brett and why I agree with you. What you wouldn traditionally say isn That We wouldn like an extra period of time. So That We can take this issue up on appeal and seek A stay from your bosses at the DC Court of Appeals are are above I wouldn sort of understand That know, but that you drop A footnote, you'd have to give the grounds and the basis and cite A couple of cases.


They didn't wanna, they they, they filed this early I would've filed It on time, not early. They filed It early and they use That phrase, which comes off as A failed threat. Like what are the litigation options? They've been notorious for suing judges. They sued judge an Goran in the Manhattan. D the the New York attorney general civil fraud case sued him directly. They've sued basically under certain provisions of New York law. Article 78. They've sued Judge Marshan, the criminal court judge who's about to sentence him for after the election for for 34 counts of felony conviction in the Stormy Daniels matter.


He It don't put It past him and I think that's why they left their, they left themselves some optionality and the judge was like, bring It I don You. know what you're talking about with litigation options, but bring It and, and You know it's always this veiled threat. Know against judges against f B I doing their job against our justice system to try to destabilize all of It and to make him, you know, to make him the, the hero in his own story when he isn really the heel to use A World Wrestling Federation concept. That, he's That he knows well from being good friends with the McMahon family, he wants to be the heel That everybody loves and adores and cheers for.


but that's, that's A threat. And and that's why I think the judge put It back in A in A, in A. Bring It exclamation mark back at him if he thinks he's intimidating Judge Chut that he isn that he really has A left planet Earth. It's A completely bonkers. Just Just Wild. but so great to hear your analysis Mr. Michael Poppa, thank you always for coming on the show. We always love having you here pop to give us the facts and nothing but the facts and your analysis. And for those who want to hear more of Michael Poppa's analysis, make sure to go to That new legal AF YouTube channel. It's youtube.com/at legal AF MTN.


We're gonna include A link in the description to this episode. So you can go there, click It, subscribe. It's easy because Pop Pop's doing these all day. So you'll Get updates like That, the second A filing happens somehow. Poppo, he's like ai, this guy Just, he's right and out he isn he's got and, And, and Just as A little teaser. 'cause You know, We like to tease sometimes on this show. Among The brothers, We have A new collaboration with court court accountability. Ooh, A, great public service group, they're gonna be regularly appearing. Alex Aronson, Mike Sachs, Lisa Walsh, Oh, they have amazing investigative research team at true North that's affiliated with them. That, you're gonna seeing four and five hot takes every week on, on It, bringing in some new voices and from the Midas universe like the Marvel universe, we're bringing over all those uncapped superheroes, That you like for regular hot tech like Karen Freeman, Nilo, Dina Dah, and others.


so it, it's really, it's really where all the cool kids are hanging out these days. Sorry, there You go. The channel Isn Just exploding right now ISN as Michael Poppo wouldn say A Rocket ship on the way to 200,000 followers in like A couple weeks. Pretty fantastic stuff. Make sure to go and subscribe and add the Legal AF podcast as well. Michael Poppa, thank you so much for joining us today. We're gonna be back We have A lot more to talk about here. I wanna give You guys some economic updates, some good news there. Maybe discuss A little polling, maybe Donald Trump's rally in Pennsylvania. We'll see what We got time for. but more on That when we're back from this break. Don't you go anywhere.


Lumen isn, the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's A device. That measures your metabolism through your breath and on the app, It lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love It. All You have to do ISN You. Breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs that Lumen gives you A personalized nutrition plan for That Day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into It before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give You tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism isn your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food You eat into fuel. That keeps you going because your metabolism ISN at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to A bunch of benefits. I includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives You recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal ships so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. look I Love Lumen and You know You will too. So if You want Take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen L-U-M-E-N. Do me slash midas To get 15% off your lumen. That ISN, L-U-M-E-N Do me slash midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time. Go to lumen.me/midas LUN do me slash Midas and Get 15% off your purchase. Thank You Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Let's face It after night with drinks. I, don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey I, gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having A Great night or A Great. Next day That ISN until I found pre-cool ZBiotics pre-cool probiotic drink isn. The world's first genetically engineered probiotic It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle A rough mornings after drinking. Here's how It works. When you drink alcohol gets converted into A toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just. Remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks I. Notice A difference the next day. For example, after A fun night out with friends at like A local bar or wherever We go, I could still Get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried It at A dinner party with some friends the next morning. I felt great, ready to tackle the day. ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what It was actually like. Now That, I've tried It I Get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology. ZBiotics ISN continuing to create probiotics That tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and Get 15% off your first order when you use code Midas at checkout. ZBiotics ISN backed with A 100% money back guarantee. So if You Are unsatisfied for any reason they'll refund your money, no questions asked, remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use That code Midas. It's ME I DS at checkout for 15% off. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors. Shout out Lumen. Shout out ZBiotics links are in the description of both the YouTube and the audio. So click the links, use the discount cones. Fabulous products like I said, I use them both can vouch for 'em, definitely check It out I love Michael Pop pock Brett know those legal updates are the best. Love Michael Pop love, love legal AF, love the whole legal AF team. Obviously Karen, it's like the arc, like when new subscribers to the channel don't realize That Pop POC was really like s true as true of A day one as You could Get with the channel two. So it's Just so great to see him now with his own channel out there. That's almost That, 200,000 subscribers. It's Just the coolest thing. He's such A great guy. It's, it's truly amazing.


And You know what else? Isn amazing isn watching some of these Trump events and seeing very few people in them. And you know, I I, it's funny because people have been following like the polls so closely, especially people who are so focused in on, on politics and you know, you'll Get some polls. That are great and that you'll Get some polls. That aren't so good. Like there was this Quinnipiac poll yesterday. That wasn't so good for Kamala Harris, but that there were like 10 other polls. That were great for her and that some polls That were okay. And people always focus on like the one bad one and that they lose their mind for like the entire isn It A focus. Brent, my question to you, isn It A focusing on the one bad one or Isn It also A focusing on the most recent one. Like, like this one dropped but this one dropped two hours before and now this one dropped, dropped three hours later in the afternoon.


So it all, there's certainly A re bias around the hair on fire bias and You Are and you're kind of best to, you know, take A step back, go out. but you know, we'll, we'll we'll Get into some of these polls in A little bit. but you know, I, I'm feeling like optimistic about things. You know, cautiously optimistic You know I. Think everyone Just Scarred since 2016, quite frankly, but I think You know. I'm feeling cautiously optimistic because I see A difference in the way the campaigns are behaving. I see the messaging. That Donald Trump, ISN putting out I. See the messaging? That, Kamala Harris, ISN putting out I. See Kamala Harris holding events with people. That are uplifting, That are joyful. She's speaking about issues. She's shaking hands, she's doing everything That you should be doing. She's going on all these interviews all the time. Donald Trump, isn rambling and coherently in front of these crowds who really aren't, you know, getable voters at this point.


And the undecided voters who do go to his event end up wanting to vote for Kamala Harris. This Washington Post report didn A whole thing on on That the other day. but I was watching like the rally yesterday and I like could not believe It I needed like A. Lot of proof before t believe this and that I saw Donald Trump on stage in red Pennsylvania and the entire back section was completely empty. And on this clip you could hear him speaking. And for the audio listeners, You, see the entire back section, like mostly empty, hundreds of seats. Ation, she wouldn't do That over can either. Maybe the worst of all. And something That A lot of people don't hear about because look at all the fake news that's A, lot of fake news.


Like this was what was going on. and that of course, like he has to go on his, don I'll save you the clips, but he, he goes on and he goes, look, not an empty seat in the house, not an empty seat in the house. Like dude, We see like all the empty seats in the house. And the press confirmed because people were asking, so didn they section off those seats like say for security reasons or, or any No, they didn't section 'em off. They Just, they, they were empty, they couldn't fill 'em up. And It was Just kind. Sorry, what were you saying? Jor? No, no. The cope That, these MAGA supporters, their, their reflex isn Just to make an excuse without any You know the information or, or anything. So their first thing was Oh. He's not on stage. Well you very clearly, you know, he hear him on stage Oh, they wrote That section off for security.


No, That was debunked by many reporters there saying that It It It wasn't, so you're left with Just, you have to face the truth, which isn the guys' crowds are dwindling by the day because the message isn Just A message of hate, despair, and honestly hatred for the country. And that's not what people want. Brett don, sorry, we're, we're, we're speaking about the people who are saying that the federal government isn causing the hurricanes to help Kamala Harris win. So they, they, they are causing the hurricanes, they are controlling the weather. That's, that's, that's Marjorie Oh boy, Oh boy, Oh boy. but you know, vice president Harris, I I think they are being very meticulous about the way they do things.


And I mean Donald Trump has been campaigning now for like four years. Plus you could argue I, think That, he's been campaigning for like 10 years straight. But Kamala, Harris, I, think isn you know, tr at this moment, I'm gonna break this out at this moment. I'm gonna do these kind of events at this moment. I'm gonna do A press tour at this. And you see It kind of beat by beat happening in A way of and more traditional campaign and I think people are kind of forget what A traditional campaign looks like because they're so used to this Trump chaos. And so You see Vice President Harris out there, you see some this event with Obama and governor Josh Shapiro, like that's epic. You see the Tim Walls going all around, You see It, she's doing Univision tonight.


Like she's, she's going to all these places. She has A. Lot of this momentum, it's gonna create, continue to create A. Lot of excitement out there. And so when You look at like these polls and you look at the averages of the polls, which one of the reasons why You don't actually look at like any kind of individual ones. To get A sense of everything. You see That overall, like the polls have been pretty much stagnant. Like, you know, when when they're put in the averages over the last, you know, while like she's up on the averages here, like by like about three A, little more than three points or so, which ISN obviously feels still too close for comfort for A, lot of people. but there's A, lot of data underlying That, which I think isn even more important. And we've had on our show, Simon Rosenberg and Tom Bonier who do incredible work, Tom Bonier runs an organization called Target Smart, where they focus on the data of early voting and, and and stuff.


That comes in, You know Ben probably next week ISN gonna have Tom and Simon on and we'll discuss the latest data. but from everything we're hearing, the data has been incredible for vice president Kamala Harris and the Democrats in terms of actual ballots, That have been returned and Just, so everybody knows when people return ballots, they can't tell what your vote isn, but the the, they are able to figure out in the data what party affiliation You have or You could do. Modeling in some states where you don't know That to to kind of determine who's actually submitting the ballots, which gives you some sense of what direction the election ISN going. And really across the board right now in states where We see mail-in balloting being submitted, We see overwhelming advantages for the Democrats here.


And so if We, look in Pennsylvania, these are numbers as of yesterday, you see the vote by mail split, you see around 69.4% of the submitted votes have been for Democrats and Just 22.1% Republicans with Just 8.5% being, you know, non-affiliated and unaffiliated, which I wouldn argue quite frankly That, most of those are probably going to Vice President Harris. And what this ISN doing right now in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in other states isn, it's building A firewall for the Democrats building A blue firewall. And so there's basically You know A number, you know, in the few hundreds of thousands where the, the Democrats are able to buy election day, be ahead by A certain number of votes that's going to be very hard if not almost impossible for Republicans to make up.


And so the fact That right now That That Democrats are doing so well and are outpacing previous years and we're seeing all this excitement. I think bodes very, very well. That, we're still seeing That excitement, That We have seen in this post row era. I mean A even, even the other day we're still seeing this everywhere, right? There was the, the guy who won the mayor race, the borough in Alaska, don I, I'm drawing blank on his name right now, but he won in A district trumpet won by like 15 points he won in his in in his town. And so We keep seeing this like the data ISN right there and We keep seeing evidence That there isn overwhelming enthusiasm especially by female voters for the Democratic party in post row. and that seems to be persisting. And We could go through We, We can keep going through this.


That You know there have been polls for specific districts like the Pennsylvania seven district, which isn A like suburb A Philly suburbs has Kamala Harris up three and Bob Casey the Democrat up six over McCormick. And one of the things with this poll to note isn That, if this, if like these are the final results basically in the suburbs in Pennsylvania, it's, it's game over like vice President Harris wins Pennsylvania, like That said that there's this Pennsylvania, the 10th congressional district which ISN and more Republican district where Scott Perry, the Republican isn, the current incumbent and he's down in his race by like seven points. Vice President Harris there isn up five in this poll.


So once can You Are seeing this enthusiasm breakthrough and it's not Just in Pennsylvania you're seeing It in Michigan as well. When you tab tabulate the vote by mail data that's coming in in Michigan, which ISN A non-party registration state, but are able to do analysis based on modeling, they're finding That likely democratic supporters are outnumbering likely Republicans by over 462,000 battle requests. I mean that's pretty wild. And they're saying almost 40% of this advantage comes from voters with infrequent vote histories. And if I were those people with infrequent vote histories are people who were inspired To get in the race because of vice president Kamala Harris or inspired To get into the race post roe, things like That we're seeing overwhelming enthusiasm for the Democrats in all these races.


I mean these, these are bonkers numbers. Jordy, were you gonna say something? I? Was Just gonna say Brett? So you're saying that Trump attacking vote by mail in 2020, ISN still having Ram ISN still having ramifications to this day know because that's what all the data ISN clearly showing know and, and, and and telling Detroit That they suck as you didn today probably isn't gonna help things in Michigan either. And the like, these are the these this isn the data That interests me which isn, why I'm showing It to people like there's this poll That came out about Nikki Haley voters 2024 Nikki Haley voters from blueprint polling and It said 45% of them plan on voting for Trump. 36% of them plan on voting for vice president Kamala Harris. Wow 23% are unsure That 36%. If 36% of voters or anywhere even close to That of voters who voted for Nikki Haley vote for Kamala Harris once can like, like that's Unrecovered.


Like you can't recover this isn. Why? We were screaming from the rooftops, Brett screaming from the mountains when Nikki Haley kept when she even dropped out and the primaries kept getting A huge chunk of the vote. And yet what didn the corporate media Just continue to report on I don You know the person who was trying to primary Biden getting 4% and it's like well Nikki Haley's taking 20% from Trump isn, nobody gonna look at this. And she wasn't even in the race at That time. And so now when you're actually getting this data of Nikki Haley voters and who they're gonna vote for between A Donald Trump and A and A VP Harris I mean it's eyeopening and I love That You showed That. Brett That was A really smart one and I think one of the keys to this election, ISN gonna be through the suburbs and We see in this Reuters poll, That vice president Kamala Harris has reversed Trump's lead in the suburbs and among middle class voters by A big margin like the Ro Reuters has Harris up 47 to 41% among sub suburban voters.


Nine points better than Biden was per these new polls from Reuters Ipsos That came out yesterday. So I mean You add all this together. You add up the kind of the the difference in messaging in the campaigns. The fact That vice president Kamala Harris raised over A billion dollars, the fact That, she has something like over A million volunteers on the ground when the Republicans have like zero ground game whatsoever, you start to paint this picture of A campaign that's serious, that's putting in the work and A campaign that's Just like doing A weird bizarro thing. And also like You have you have Vice President Harris to introduced this policy this week to expand Medicare to include home care for seniors. She described this as for the sandwich generation of people who are both taking care of their parents and taking care of their children.


Like these are the kinds of ideas That I think are going to be resonating. People plus on top of That, You of God, some pretty good economic news and economic indicators That continue to improve with every single report. So You know it's every You know Jordy every time don do the podcast. Everyone in the comments. So ISN like Brett We need A NetSuite know your numbers segment We gotta hear the update. So I Just gotta give the people what they want. And so let's Let, let's, let's kick this off for some economic update. This ISN the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers minute. Alright, well here isn, the latest news and it's A great update honestly like A, really, really great update. Economists are are super happy about this inflation ISN cooled to its lowest level since February, 2021.


The data points to an economy seeing even cooler inflation as the job market remains sturdy and interest rates continue to ease. Inflation's now 2.4% year over year, that's down from 2.5% last month. that A large part of the current inflation That. We're seeing ISN mainly being driven by kind of A rising HHH rising home costs and rent costs. That's kind of one of the most significant drivers right now, but Meanwhile We have RA wages continuing to outpace inflation. The average hourly wage gain in the past year was 4% compared to 2.4% inflation. So on the whole Americans are earning more than prices are going up. So that's A good thing. And wages have grown faster than inflation for 17 months.


Now all really good indicators


and with NetSuite you'll always be on top of these economic indicators because your Get access to economic data and trends through their integrated analytics and I wanna put It in perspective for A second back in 2018. So this ISN pre pandemic under, under the Trump presidency inflation was at 2.9%. Today It ISN at 2.4%. And so I think that's important if We compare the two, what the inflation levels are. Also this ISN A probably A relevant statistic, the last six months That of the Trump presidency, inflation had risen to 3.2% in the past six months. Currently inflation has been at 1.6%. So about half Just exactly half of what It was during the Trump presidency. So I think this all shows you, you know, I, I, I, I mean your Get acknowledge That, the economy That was handed to President Biden was in shambles and there were A. Lot of mistakes made due to I mean that's putting It generously. but the handling of COV I and the economy and A, lot of printing of money That had occurred before President Biden took office and and supply chain issues and all this led to this problem. but like all leaders, you know you want A leader who addresses the problem, right? And and tries to fix You know the issues and we're gonna keep having leaders who come in who have different economic policies. I mean no matter what happens this election, You know I'm sure vice President Kamala Harris wouldn have her own policies. So no matter the result, you know with NetSuite, your business will always be ahead of the curve when It comes to changes with the government's economic policies. 'cause NetSuite allows You to quickly adapt to new policies through their agile system updates. And it's good to be on top of all of That. but these are really good indicators folks like people are, economists are super thrilled by these numbers and the Fed, you know, they say That the Fed must be very happy because they were able to lower interest rates and We still see this resilient economy and We see inflation coming down and that's A very, very big deal. And I think this isn like the the last report That we're gonna see on inflation before the election. So ending It in A positive direction. ISN also, you know, It, It, It It, it's gonna mean A lot You know for Americans. There's always still work to do. but that's the latest data right now and you know, I'll be back with more updates always. So, so stick around That was the NetSuite You know your numbers minute do you know your own numbers for your business? Download NetSuite's ultimate KP I checklist right now at NetSuite dot com slash midas.


Oh Jordy Jordy Jordy I. Wish these shows were longer 'cause I feel like We could go for A marathon with the amount of news That keeps coming out today and every single day. but you know, for now I think we'll we'll cut It here and we'll say thank you to everybody for watching this episode of the Midas Touch podcast. Thank you for sharing and liking and commenting and, and all That stuff. Remember to subscribe to us on YouTube. If you're watching You can do That right here and if you're listening, You can go to our YouTube channel and do That. And if you're not listening, go to our audio podcast and check That out as well. Add It, leave A five star review all of That. You can check us out at patreon.com/minus touch where We have exclusive content and and live Zoom q and as where you can meet us and chat with us.


It's A whole lot of fun. Check out midas plus.com. It's our new Substack ad free premium experience A. Lot of the written articles you see on midas news.com and beyond are on there and it's super fun. Ron Philip Kowski, our editor in chief has been doing these daily recaps of the day, which have been fantastic. I love his fantastic. His wraps up wrap up of the news have been fantastic. And check us out at store out midas touch.com for your your favorite pro democracy gear. Alright, Jerry, didn I Miss anything I Jordy gets upset if I missed things. So I got no you nailed It. ET You nailed It. If I could Just, if I could Just hit one thing and that we'll sign off. I I ISN That downloading of the and subscribing to the audio version of this podcast. So We released all the great stuff That you see on the YouTube channel.


We put A, lot of That content on the audio feeds as well. So if you're on the go and you need to catch up on the latest pro democracy news, please make sure you're subscribed to the Midas Touch Podcast. Leave That five star review. I saw A. Good comment. Someone's like I didn't realize on Apple I to scroll all the way down to leave That five star review in comment. So you should tell your listeners That You have to scroll down past the episodes and that that's where You hit It. So that's where you do It. Please do It. It helps us so much. Love y'all. Love y'all. This has been A fantastic episode. Be great work. And with That, shout out to the Midas mighty Theas can.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to Against All Enemies film.com or click the link below. but don't Just, Watch Against All Enemies. Tell your friends about It. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty, let's use our power. Well.