
This episode is brought to you by IMS Pet Food. When you choose ims dry dog or cat food, you can see a difference in your pet with your own eyes. Healthy energy in five days, healthy digestion in 10 days, and healthy skin, and coat in just 25 days. Satisfaction for you and them Guaranteed. Or your money back. Feed ims, dry dog or cat food and see a visible difference. Visit ims.com/difference to learn more.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. You know one of the perks about having four kids that you know about is actually getting a direct line to the big man up north. And this year he wants you to know the best gift that you can give someone is the gift of Mint Mobile S Unlimited Wireless for $15 a month. Now you don't even need to wrap it. Give it a try. At Mint Mobile dot com slash switch $45 Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited cement mobile.com for details.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


How do you feel Great on vacation. Like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


The stock market and the United States economy does not like Donald Trump. Look at this headline yesterday from Yahoo Finance Stock Market today, Dow s and p 500. Nasdaq clobbered as Federal Reserve Chairman. Powell signals fewer rate cuts in 2025, which he did as a result of Donald Trump's inflationary measures like bloody mass deportations and taring, our allies and trade adversaries alike. Now we also know that when Donald Trump showed up at the stock market in the past two weeks, he was asked a question by Jim Cramer, should American workers invest in the United States stock market?


Trump botch that question and said, I don't know, because there may be a dip, there may be a dip. You are the guy who went around during the election with your accordion hands and said, you are gonna just make everything a miracle. And it was all gonna be so much better despite the fact that President Biden brought the stock market up about 55 to 60% higher than when you Donald Trump were in office or approximately that amount. The Biden stock market far better than the Trump stock stock market. Just take a look at this headline from Yahoo Finance. Stocks were clobbered Wednesday after the Federal Reserve.


Despite slashing interest rates by 25 basis points signaled it would cut fewer times next year than previously projected all three major indexes, reverse gains following the decision to end with steep losses. The Dow Jones Industrial average was down about 2.6% or over 1000 points. Clinching its 10th straight down session. The longest losing streak since 1974, over 50 years ago in reaction to Donald Trump. Meanwhile, the s and p 500 fell roughly 3% at tech heavy NASDAQ composite slid more than 3.5%.


Quote, the slower pace of cuts for next year really reflects both the higher inflation readings we had this year and the expectation inflation will be higher. Federal chair Jerome Powell said, why do you think that they have those expectations because of Donald Trump's threats? Meanwhile, Americans across the country are now stockpiling on goods and Americans across the country believe prices will be higher under Donald Trump. You know, Americans, you didn't have to vote to inflict pain and suffering on yourself. But I don't know, that's just me. You take a look at the sector breakdown of percentage losses, consumer discretionary down 4.74% real estate down 3.9%.


Communication services down 3.16, financials down 3.03, infotech down 2.99. Materials, industrials, energy, utilities, healthcare, all down one by one. And as Carl Quinan posted, the DAO was on pace for the longest losing streak since October 4th, 1974. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says, it's been a hell of a week since Trump rang the opening bell at the stock exchange. I mean, some serious stuff folks. Donald Trump went around the Pied Piper of broken promises during his campaign. I'm gonna make it better. If you elect Kamala, there's gonna be a depression.


The biggest depression you've ever seen with Donald Trump. All that stuff is always projection and confession in my opinion. Just think about this. New York Times headline, US unemployment is worse since depression. You know when that headline was when Donald Trump was in office, that US unemployment was worse since the Great Depression. But what does Donald Trump do? He's got a social media platform where he's posting, I've got or, or he's having ads that post with his name, image, and likeness on him, an IRS loophole that could save your retirement. During Biden's recession, there was no recession. When Biden was in office, unemployment was down, record jobs were created.


The inflation was brought down because of the Inflation reduction Act, which Trump is gonna bring back up. GDP was highest of G of the G seven nations. Average pay was up 19%. There was a manufacturing boom in the United States. Go back and look at the interview I did with President Biden where we talked about facts. It wasn't a gotcha interview. We talked about what he did. He talked about what he did for red states and turning red state economy around. And by the way, you know, the Magos were always like drill, baby drill. There was more domestic oil drilling when Biden was in office than when Trump was in office and Biden cared about climate change.


Just showing you this graphic here as well, this goes over the GDP growth. The jobs created construction and manufacturing boom, $1 trillion in private sector manufacturing and clean energy investment announced. Can you take a look right here at the JP Morgan report? When JP Morgan is saying things like this, you know there's an issue when they're being snarky, like this daily economic briefing walking into a dark room full of furniture. And yes, already based on the stock market losses since Donald Trump went to the stock exchange, this is what Bull Runners reported yesterday.


Over 2 trillion has been wiped from the US stock market. One month of stock market gains has been erased. In a single day, the US stock market has lost over 2 trillion in valuation. Think about that. Meanwhile, you've got our billionaire oligarchy with Elon Musk and Vive Ramis Swami killing a continuing resolution to avoid a government shutdown further plunging our country into economic turmoil as Dean Baker goes. Pretty cool how a billionaire has decided to shut down the government. That's how we can tell the Republicans are really the party of the working people. Good times. It's pretty neat that an unelected billionaire like Elon Musk and Vive, Ron Mus Swami get to shut down our government.


It's very MAGA to leave this call to our favorite billionaires. Being sarcastic. Senator Bernie Sanders writes the US Congress this week came to an agreement to fund our government. Elon Musk, who became $200 billion richer since Trump was elected, objected our Republic Republicans beholden to the American people or President Musk. This is the oligarchy at work. And you see Elon Musk posting all of these photos, kill the bill, kill the bill, kill all of the bill. Now, just think about what Donald Trump's also said over the past two weeks or so. He went on meet the press. He told Kristen Welker, he will not guarantee lower prices.


Now, most economists expect that the prices on all kind of normal goods are gonna be significantly higher or, or higher as a result of Donald Trump's policies, right? I mean, Donald Trump's mass deport, I I did a whole video on this. Trump's threats of mass deportations would cause catastrophic harm in the construction industry, in farming, hospitality, and in other areas where migrant labor is really kind of relied upon that would cause significant job losses and a significant decline in the economy if they keep engaging in these government shutdowns and trying to, you know, screw the government that way, that's going to and just screw government employees, that's going to slow down the economy as well.


I mean, I just think about if like services are now shut off. I mean, look, you had Elon Musk and Donald Trump out there saying that they wanted to inflict economic hardship on the American people. They said that there will, we will feel pain is what they said. You gotta feel pain. And then they said things will get better after you experience the pain. The billionaires, they'll party at Mar-a-Lago. We all will suffer pain, they say, but that's for our own good. The billionaires are telling us that we need to suffer the pain 'cause that's a, a good, a good thing for us while they're on their private jets and while they're out there with golden toilet bowls and, and the like.


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits I includes, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal ships so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, LUME n.me/midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUE n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time, go to Lumen. Do me slash midas, LUEN Do me slash Midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Donald Trump has in, in addition to saying that he can't guarantee prices will go lower, he also says it's very hard. He said in his Time Magazine article interview very hard, very, very hard to bring prices down. Once they're up, he says he is not sure he can do it. It's very, very hard is what he says. Very hard. Your whole campaign was going around and making these types of promises. And then I think Americans are now finally who have Googled, okay, well what's a tariff? What's this, what's that? Are now saying, oh, wait a minute, you mean that this is gonna cause our products to be significantly higher? And you going after Canada and Mexico, our allies, and then also going after like, you know, China and all these other countries just gonna go after everybody, have everybody hate the United States and they'll all form trade deals together and cut the United States out and ultimately screw the United States.


And you think that's gonna be beneficial to we the people? I mean, just take a look at who they like, who, who's like one of the main leaders that MAGA Republicans look up to? Javier Malay, right? And Argentina. The poverty rate there is 53%, 53% and they look up to Javier Malay, the leader of our, the president of Argentina. It's ridiculous. But Donald Trump, congrats buddy. A 10 day losing streak of the Dow Jones. No one's done it. No one's done it since 1974. You brought back a 10 day losing streak the same way you had the worst unemployment since the Great Depression. In the same way you were the only president since Herbert Hoover to lose job.


But you, you, you alone do it. You alone do it. I've been mycells from the Midas Touch Network had subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


When President Trump needed someone to fix our military, he turned to Pete Hegseth, the man who literally wrote the book on it. Veteran Christian and Ivy League graduate Hegseth wrote the number one New York Times bestseller, the War on Warriors, revealing his career, his concerns, and his solutions. Available now in hardcover ebook and digital audio from Fox News Books.