
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills in case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel. See progressive's other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com today. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, PET injuries and additional coverage, and subject to policy terms.


The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


So when I ask what is odu? What comes to mind? Well, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say ODU is like a magic beans stock because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. But then again, you could look at ODU in terms of how its individual Software programs are a lot like building blocks. I mean, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is odu? Well, I guess ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a fertilizer magic beans, stock building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that OO is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@oo.com. That's od o.com.


Donald Trump is currently having a public meltdown. After Elon Musk started criticizing Donald Trump's disastrous budget, bill and Donald Trump has just made a stunning admission, although an admission that we all knew to be the case, that Doge was all a fraud from the outset. A way to protect Elon Musk's business interest. That's how Donald Trump is now attacking Elon Musk and threatening Elon Musk After Elon Musk came out strongly against the disastrous budget Bill. Here's what Donald Trump posted moments ago. As this war between Trump and Musk is really heating up, Trump writes, the easiest way to save money in our budget, billions and billions of dollars, is to terminate Elon's governmental subsidies and contracts.


I was always surprised that Biden didn't do it. Hmm, well, why didn't you do it, Donald, if that's what you thought was the right thing to do? Oh, wait, because he was running Doge. As Kyle Cheney posts in one post, Donald Trump eviscerates the entire basis for Doge and amplifies the conflicts of interest Musk had as the head of the cost cutting effort. Donald Trump just made a stunning admission, an admission that may indeed be criminal as well. Shocking admission. Jonah Goldberg writes. Now Trump basically thinks the government has a trade deficit with Elon Musk and doesn't get anything in return for those contracts.


It's kind of perfect. Then Donald Trump posted the following moments ago, Elon was quote, wearing thin. I asked him to leave. I took away his electric vehicle mandate, the EV mandate that forced everyone to buy electric cars that nobody else wanted, that he knew for months I was going to do, and he just went crazy. Exclamation point. Then Elon Musk responds to an account called Autism Capital, which wrote Trump fires back at Elon. The online battle begins popcorn emoji. Elon Musk writes such an obvious lie, so sad, and Elon Musk then makes the following threat, seems like a bit of a threat.


Oh, and some food for thought Musk writes as they ponder this question. Trump has 3.5 years left as president, but I will be around for 40 plus years. Then Elon Musk posts, is it time to create a new political party in America that actually represents the 80% in the middle? Then Elon Musk's baby mama Ashley St. Claire, whose sued Elon Musk. She goes, Hey, at real Donald Trump. Let me know if you need any breakup advice.


Donald Trump attacks Elon Musk for forcing upon the Trump regime, a guy by the name of Jared Isaac, man to lead NASA because Isaac Min had previously donated to Democrats before. So Elon Musk moments ago pointed out this is what Donald Trump said about Jared Isaac Min back on December 4th, 2024. I'm delighted to nominate Jared, Isaac Min. Donald Trump wrote and accomplished business leader, philanthropist, pilot and astronaut as administrator of nasa. Jared will drive NASA's mission of discovery and inspiration, paving the way for groundbreaking achievements in space, science, technology, and exploration.


Over the past 25 years, as the founder and CEO of Shift four, Jared has demonstrated exceptional leadership, building a trailblazing global financial technology company. He also co-founded and served as CEO of Drake and International, a defense aerospace company for over a decade supporting the US Department of Defense and our allies. Jared's passion for space, astronaut experience, and dedication to pushing the boundaries of exploration, unlocking the mysteries of the universe, and advancing the new space economy may come ideally suited to lead NASA into a bold era.


Remember earlier today, Elon Musk posted the following, without me, Trump would've lost the election. Dems would control the house and the Republicans would be 51 to 49 in the Senate. Such ingratitude. And then moments ago, Elon Musk dropped a bomb and he says, time to drop the really big bomb Elon Musk post. Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. This is the real reason they have not been made public. Have a nice day. DJT Elon Musk pointing out what we've been pointing out here on the Mis Dutch network.


Over and over again, Trump is all over those files and there is a massive Department of Justice coverup by Pam Bondi and Cash Patel and others to hide the Epstein files to protect Donald Trump, Elon Musk, putting it in a post as this civil war between the two escalates.


Let's be honest, coffee isn't just a drink, it's survival. It's how I shift from half asleep, zombie to fully functioning human being. And for me, that starts with trade. Listen, you all know I take my coffee very seriously. Trade is the number one US coffee destination, working with over 50 of the best roasters around the country to deliver insanely fresh coffee matched to your taste. Their team has tried thousands of roasts to narrow it down to over 450 incredible options. And somehow the first quiz I took nailed my preferences perfectly. I'm loving the latest roast. I received a citrusy Ethiopian roast from Temple Coffee in Sacramento. It has notes of tangerine, mango and stone fruit, and a smooth, rich Columbian blend from good citizen roasters in Nashville. Every bag arrives fresh, smells amazing, and the quality just blows grocery store coffee out of the water. And the best part, I never run out. I spend less than I did at cafes for better coffee and I'm supporting local roasters total win. Right now, trade is exclusively offering our listeners 50% off your one month trial@drinktrade.com slash midas. That's drink trade TRAD e.com/me IDAs for 50% off your one month trial. Drink trade.com/midas.


Go back to February 14th, 2025. Remember when Hannity interviewed Trump and Musk who were sitting together during the bromance period where Donald Trump said, Elon called me and said, they're trying to drive us apart. They're trying to drive us apart. We would never let that happen here. Play this clip. They tried it, then they stopped. That wasn't, they have many different things of hatred. Actually, Elon called me, he said, you know, they're trying to drive us apart. I said, absolutely, no. They said, we have breaking news. Donald Trump has seeded control of the presidency to Elon Musk.


President Musk will be attending a cabinet meeting tonight at eight o'clock. And I say, it's just so obvious they're so bad at it. I used to think they were good at it. Yeah, they're actually bad at it because if they were good at it, I'd never be president because I, I think nobody in history has ever gotten more bad publicity than me. I could do the greatest things. I get 98% bad publicity I could do outside of you and a few of your very good friends. Right? It's like the craziest thing. But you know what I have learned, Elon? The people are smart. They get it. Yeah, they do actually. They get it. They really see what's happening. Yes. Now, as we previously reported, Elon Musk stopped following Donald Trump's top advisor, Steven Miller.


Elon Musk previously hired Steven Miller's wife to work with Musk. No word on if Miller's wife is still gonna be working with Musk. But Miller's wife left working with Miller and Trump to work with Musk. Many rumors were taking place online about that, that move. Elon Musk also unfollowed the ultra maga right wing influencer guy, Charlie Kirk. That was a something that went down as well. Elon Musk responded to Donald Trump's statement in the Oval Office during that disastrous press conference with Friedrich Mars, the chancellor of Germany, where Trump goes, I'm very disappointed with Elon.


I've helped him a lot. He knew the inner workings of the bill better than anybody. I'll play that clip in just a moment. But Elon responds false. This bill was never shown to me even once and was passed in the dead of night so fast that almost no one in Congress could even read it. Here's what Trump said in the Oval Office, play the clip. Well, But if they picked him, I would've won Pennsylvania. I wanna buy a lot. But I'm very disappointed because Elon knew the inner workings of this bill better than almost anybody sitting here, better than you people. He knew everything about it. He had no problem with it. All of a sudden he had a problem and he only developed the problem when he found out that we're gonna have to cut the EV mandate because that's billions and billions of dollars and it really is unfair.


We wanna have cars of all types electric. We wanna have electric, but we wanna have a gasoline combustion. We wanna have different, we wanna have hybrids, we wanna have all, we wanna be able to sell everything. And when that was cut and Congress wanted to cut it, he became a little bit different. And I can understand that. But he knew every aspect of this bill. He knew it better than almost anybody. And he never had a problem until right after he left. And if you saw the statements he made about me, which I'm sure you can get very easily, it's very fresh on tape. He said the most beautiful things about me. And he hasn't said bad about me personally, but I'm sure that'll be next.


But I'm, I'm very disappointed in Elon. I've helped Elon a lot. To that end president. Did he, I just wanna clarify, did he raise any of these concerns with you privately before he raised them publicly? And this Is the guy to which Elon Musk responded, whatever, keep the EV solar incentive cuts in the bill, even though no oil and gas subsidies are touched very unfair, but ditch the mountain of disgusting pork in the bill and the entire history of civilization. There has never been legislation that is both big and beautiful. Everyone knows this. Either you get a big and ugly bill or a slim beautiful bill. Slim and beautiful is the way, remember when Donald Trump was asked, this was less than a week ago, were you aware of Elon Musk using drugs like ketamine and mushrooms during his time at Doge?


Trump said, no, he's fantastic. I'm not troubled by anything that he does play this clip Pennsylvania going forward, Penn, I like this man. Were you, were you aware of Elon Musk's regular drug use? No. I, I wasn't. I think he's fantastic. I think Elon is a fantastic guy and trouble by these supports. I'm not troubled by anything with Elon. I think he's fantastic. Did a great job. And you know, doge continues, and by the time it's finished, we'll have numbers that'll knock the socks off. It's gonna be, he did a fantastic job and he didn't need it. He didn't need to do it. You'll also recall during the last cabinet meeting, or maybe the cabinet meeting before the last cabinet meeting, despicable one.


That is Elon Musk was wearing a double hat. He was wearing two Trump hats on top of each other during the cabinet meeting at the White House. And Trump said how much he loves the double hat. Here play this clip. Good job, Kelly. Thank you very much, Elon. I love the double hat, by the way, is the only one that can do that. Get away with it. Well, this president, you know, they say, I wear a lot of hats. That's true. Even my hat has a hat. And now, this was from earlier today when Donald Trump cited as a reason why Elon Musk must support the budget bill and everything Donald Trump does.


Trump says, Elon Musk wore the hat once you wear the hat, there's no going back. You understand? You wear the hat. You can't disagree with Trump hat. That's it. Here's what Trump says. Look, Elon and I had a great relationship. I don't know if went well anymore. I was surprised because you were here. Everybody in this room practically was here as we had a wonderful sendoff. He said wonderful things about me. You couldn't have nicer. Said the best thing. He's worn the hat. Trump was right about everything. And I am right about the great big beautiful bill. We call it a great, big, beautiful bill. 'cause that's what it is.


And again, biggest tax cuts in history. Biggest economic development moves anywhere. We've never done anything like it Businesses spurred. And I don't know if you've seen the numbers, but the numbers. Well, We'll keep you updated on more of this civil war that is rocking Washington, DC and frankly, the entire country, a civil war between MAGA factions right now. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.