
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck, GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call one 800 gambler.


I'm no tech genius, but I knew if I wanted my business to crush it, I needed a website. Now, thankfully, Bluehost made it easy. I customized, optimized and monetized everything exactly how I wanted with AI in minutes. My site was up. I, I couldn't believe it. The search engine tools even helped me get more site visitors. Whatever your passion project is, you can set it up with Bluehost with their 30 day money back guarantee. What do you got to lose? Head to bluehost.com. That's B-L-U-E-H-O-S t.com to start. Now


The world is mocking Donald Trump. Our enemies are laughing in his face. Our allies, who Donald Trump has pushed away when he's isolated. The United States are horrified. Take a look at some of the recent headlines you have China making an announcement asking the United States to maintain stability of international financial system after the Moody's downgrade. China literally mocking the United States as though it was like a Banana Republic and China saying, we're just trying to maintain the stability of the international financial system. Donald, can you make it a little more stable for the rest of us? Don't you realize that China is behaving the way the United States used to behave and the United States is behaving how China used to behave or how North Korea is behaving Right now?


One of the things we learned as well, when Donald Trump had that phone call with Vladimir Putin early in the week, one of the things that Vladimir Putin was doing to mock Donald Trump was Putin took that call at some random elementary school in southern Russia to make the point that he didn't even give a crap about the phone call. And then when he spoke to Russian Press, he made it very clear that he wanted to see the total elimination of Ukraine while Donald Trump was out there saying, oh, we made progress. No, you didn't. You completely caved and capitulated is what happened. Here's what Putin said from inside the elementary school where he took the phone call from Donald Trump.


Here, play this clip. Russia's position is clear. The main thing for us is to eliminate the root causes of this crisis. You take a look at what Gary Kasparov, a Russian pro-democracy leader, a dissident from Russia, had to say about the whole setting and the message that Putin was sending by taking the call in an elementary school. And Kasparov knows, or Kasparov knows, You know, the, the way Putin's propaganda works, he goes, he was laughing and mocking Donald Trump. Here's what Kasparov had to say, play this clip. Putin Is laughing at you. And he didn't even just come back to Moscow.


He spoke to him from a music school in the obscure place in the south of Russia. And do think that matters too. Where he took The call from, of course, shows disdain, puts, enjoys it. I mean, it's, you can see the body language, You know, this. And also dictator has to show his strength. He's playing, You know, the, the, so He is talking to him from a music school somewhere. But it's, And that's, but it's also a message to to, to to, to Russians and to many others, You know, just it's other dictators in the world. Trump is nobody. I mean, look, You know, I can play the American American President as, as a broken guitar. And Donald Trump is so much of an idiot that when Trump gave his press conference, he was saying, well, You know, Putin kept on talking about my wife Melania, and he was saying how respected she is.


Here's what Donald Trump had to say, play this clip Compassionate at First Lady. I would tell you, she is very dedicated. In fact, if you look at just what I heard, Putin just said, they respect your wife a lot. I said, what about me? No, they, well, they like, they like Melania better. That wasn't good. I don't know if that was good. I I'm okay with it. I'm okay. And then Donald Trump held another press conference earlier yesterday where Donald Trump basically said that he wasn't gonna do anything anymore regarding Russia and Ukraine. That it's basically he's done, he goes, there's lots of big egos involved here.


And really, this is a European deal. Anyway, I I'm not gonna do anything. You play this clip. Very big egos involved. I tell you, big ego's involved, but I think something's gonna happen. And if it doesn't, I just back away and they're gonna have to keep going. Again, this was a European situation. It should have remained a European situation. You said you were going to end the war in 24 hours. That was your promise that you ran on. And I wanna be clear, and I'm glad a lot of the press is coming around to this realization now after printing the BS headlines that Donald Trump had like accomplished something that the press is coming around to the fact that no, Donald Trump completely capitulated and he says it's too hard for him to negotiate anymore.


So he just wants to have Ukraine and Russia deal with themselves directly. But here's what Donald Trump said repeatedly during the campaign. Let's play this clip and The war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I do. How would you do that? I know Zelensky very well. I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. I will get the war ended. I'll stop all of those live from being wasted and lost, and there'll be no more bombing of Ukraine. Now, to be clear, what Donald Trump wants to happen is Trump wants to do financial deals with Putin directly.


And what Trump is hoping that if he removes the United States from these destruction, that from these discussions and turns a blind eye to what's taking place, Putin can commit the genocide that he wants to commit. And again, yesterday, yesterday, more missiles coming in from Russia into Ukraine, targeting innocent Ukrainians. That's what was going down. So Donald Trump went to the Capitol Hill yesterday, You know, showing more loser behavior there. I mean, by the way, in this moment, Donald Trump appears to like walk straight into a wall. You know, he's just, just, just wa or a column, just watch what he does right here, play this clip.


Thank You very much everybody. Thank you, Mr. Do you think today, And while Donald Trump was there on Capitol Hill, he was asked a question, do you want these budget negotiations to just end? And he was like, confused. Like what? Negotiation, what's going on? The budget negotiations. That's why you're on Capitol Hill Right now. You're on Capitol Hill because there's a faction of MAGA Republicans who want further cuts to Medicaid. And there's a faction of MAGA Republicans who don't like the optics of cutting Medicaid. And there's a faction of MAGA Republicans who want to raise the cap from the state and local tax deductions that you put on during your first term.


And then Donald Trump, when he's answering these questions, just starts randomly attacking blue states play this clip, want The negotiations to be open now, which negotiation over this bill? Oh yeah. Well, it's gonna be, we're gonna be putting it in soon, and I think we're gonna have great support. You make a couple of tweaks. I mean, we don't wanna benefit Democrat governors, although I would do that if it made it better, but they don't know what they're doing. We don't wanna, we don't wanna, we don't wanna do any damage to a state. We wanna help all the states, but we have governors that are from the Democrat part, let's say New York and Illinois big ones. And let's say Gavin Newcomb, who's done a horrible job in California.


And You know, we wanna benefit the comp, we wanna benefit Republicans because they, they are the ones that are gonna make America great again. The Democrats are destroying our country. And you see that with the past administration with an open borders policy that allowed 21 million people into our country. And many of those people are stone cold murderous killers. And trouble, By the way, it's just like so utterly unhinged when you look through Donald Trump's social media platform, like the ads like this, Nuvia Dental implants, this is what you see in between Donald Trump's posts. And then, so here's Donald Trump's new post right after the Magar Republicans, You know, spread all of these conspiracies about 5G and six G.


Wasn't that like their whole big conspiracy, 5G six G mag now apparently loves 5G Donald Trump's post. We must maintain our status as the worldwide worldwide leader in wifi 5G and six G connecting every American to the world's best networks. Well then if that's the case, then why are you ripping apart former President Biden's Inflation Reduction Act and Infrastructure act as well, that would further 5G and six G networks. Speaking though of like how MAGA just, You know, changes their positions on everything. So the deputy director of the FBI, Dan Bonino, I can't believe I'm even saying that, who was a, You know, deranged right wing podcast guy who would like do the Jeffrey Epstein like conspiracies and You know, do all like the cabal conspiracies.


I mean, Bongino was the worst. But now Binos the deputy FBI director, and he's like, Nope, I've, I've looked at the Epstein files and I can confirm that it was definitely, he definitely died by suicide. And it was not any of the conspiracies that what we previously spread as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says, on the left is how you build a right wing talk show audience. And on the right after becoming deputy FBI director here, play this clip. Listen that Jeffrey Epstein story is a big deal. Please do not let that story go. Keep your eye on this. Katherine Rumbler, I want you, we need to keep the heat on this case. Folks, there are a lot of people who are knee deep in the Washington's swamp who are not telling you the truth about serious allegations out there that Epstein may have had video and audio of people out there doing things they shouldn't have been doing.


And you should be asking yourself the question, how is it that all these people, the ccia, a director, the Obama fixer, bill Clinton all intersected, passed with Jeffrey Epstein. Jeffrey Epstein isn't with us anymore. And nobody seems to wanna talk about it outside of a few entrepreneurial media outlets saying, Hey, this is a big deal. He killed himself. You again, you want me to get I've, I've I've seen the whole file. He killed himself And the lies just keep coming in from Donald Trump. Yesterday during Donald Trump's press conference, he claimed that even if the budget bill adds trillions of dollars to the deficit, he goes, no worries.


He says that he brought in $5.1 trillion in the last four days in the Middle East, which of course is an absolute lie here, play this clip. When You first announced this idea, critics said it would be prohibitively expensive, potentially ineffective, and could trigger an arms race in space. What do you say to those critics about that? Well, they're wrong as about as close to perfect as you can have in terms of real production. I told you Canada wants to be a part of it, which be, You know, fairly small expansion. But we'll work with them on pricing. We'll be dealing with 'em on pricing. They know about it very much. They've asked to be a part of it.


Actually. They've asked us to be a part of it. I think it's something that is great. If you can afford to do it, we can afford to do it. You know, we took in $5.1 trillion in the last four days in the Middle East. And when you think about it, that's, this is a tiny fraction of that. But we make it all here. We're gonna make it all here. We have, when I, I will tell you, an adversary told me, a very big adversary told me, the most brilliant people in the world are Silicon Valley's You. You didn't bring in any money. If I'm being completely candid, you have commitments, but also there's no commitment for $5 trillion.


The entire Qatar, GDP is 200 billion. The United Arab Emirates, 400 billion Saudi Arabia's entire GDP is 1.1 trillion. They're not giving your entire annual, their entire annual GDP for multiple years based on a meeting. It's just, it's just more lies after lies after lies. You know, I think this guy, Justin Wolffer, economist professor at University of Michigan, I think puts it, he has this graph, he's like, total deals done by Donald Trump in 90 days. And he does the chart, zero actual deals done in 90 days that are actually binding the UK deal. Not a real deal, not binding.


It literally says this is not a binding deal on the bottom of it. Okay? So it's not a real, it wasn't even a real big deal. China, not a deal. It was a consensus where the United States caved and capitulated to China and just withdrew 145% tariffs to 35% tariffs, which are still incredibly, incredibly harmful. And now you see the 30 year treasury yields look like they're gonna hit a five handle, looks like they're gonna hit 5%. And now China is lecturing the United States on financial stability in the international markets. Like, like, do You know how embarrassed like it, it's so utterly embarrassing. And here's the message from Germans, far Germany's foreign minister.


We expect our US allies not to tolerate the fact that Russia did not impose an immediate ceasefire. And that's coming from Germany's foreign minister because just everywhere around the world, they're seeing how weak and pathetic Donald Trump is. And they're all just saying like, what the hell is even going, like, what in the world is going on there in the, in the United States Right now? So Donald Trump will make his post. I want a gift. Gimme, You know, come on Ben, give me, I'm giving you a MAGA award. I have to hit my fundraising goals. Fundraising for what, what the hell are you even talking about?


Again? This is the most weakened, pathetic presidency I've, I've, I've I've ever seen.


Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch Drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.