
Donald Trump's campaign is in chaos as there is infighting among the different grifters, hucksters and profiteers on his team, which are threatening his presidential bid. This is a leak from inside the Trump campaign. As the Trump campaign advisors are telling everybody stop talking to the press. It's so funny as they're pointing fingers at each other, grifter, huckster, profiteer. I don't know, maybe you look in the mirror 'cause you all are all that at the same time, vice President Kamala Harris is soaring in the latest New York Times U gov, a plus poll of the swing state.


She's up in Pennsylvania, up in Nevada, up in Wisconsin, and up in Michigan. Donald Trump is not taking that well, making post after post of himself with an American flag painted on his face, calling America a failing nation over and over again trying to grift more money off supporters by selling Trump flag pins make America Great Again Flags, which He says are the most patriotic flags in existence. Meanwhile, Midas Touch got its hands on the Trump media investor deck, which shows how the projections that Trump Media was showing its investors in 2021, let's just say we're over $800 million off the projections of what it actually is right now.


Perhaps if they were talking not about revenue, but about their losses in the hundreds of millions of dollars, they would've been closer. But as you look at this investor presentation, as they claim that Trump media was gonna be like Disney or Netflix or iHeart, you see how utterly delusional it really is. But perhaps they were counting on what's now being exposed as a right wing influencer operation led by Vladimir Putin. A bombshell DOJ indictment dropped earlier this week, which shows the coordination of the Russian television and media networks laundering money through front group media companies, right wing media companies that then reached out and hired these right wing influencers to trash the United States of America, divide Americans against Americans, the influencers who are right wing personalities that I'm sure you know, people like Tim Poole and Benny Johnson and Matt Christensen and Lawrence Southern and others.


They deny that they knew that they were getting paid by Russia. They just say, Hey, this is the type of stuff that we like to say anyway, which just happens to align with the messaging. We'll break that all down, but there's so many ops like did you see this photo that was posted by all of the Trumpers saying, look, governor Wall's family is, is against him. Like they aren't even like his actual close relatives. I'm not even sure he knows who these people are. They're like distant, distant cousins who were put together. It's all these ops, ops, ops, ops, and it's so incumbent on us to call it out.


That's what we do here on the Midas Dutch network. And finally, a major ruling from Judge Tanya Chut following the superseding indictment in the Washington DC criminal case against Donald Trump. She said a pretty expedited briefing schedule for the Department of Justice to brief why there shouldn't be absolute immunity for Trump to argue why he thinks he has absolute immunity. And all of that will be briefed in September. So buckle up folks, things will get interesting. I'm Ben Misel is joined by Brett and Jordy Brothers. How are you doing, Brett? What a great background you got there. Brett might as touch studio perhaps that's a level up right there, big bro, you'd like to see.


I saw Ben, you know, doing bragging about his new studio last time and I was like, you know what? I need to do an upgrade here myself. So we got the little new Midas studio right here for the Midas Touch podcast and any future hot takes I might do. And for the various tiktoks and Instagram By, the way you following us on Instagram and TikTok and threads and all the various social media platforms, you better make sure you are. I am so excited for this episode. First off, I can't believe that we're past Labor Day. I can't believe that it is September 5th. I can't believe that the debate is like a few days away. This all felt like so long ago, but like we've been saying this whole time, it's gonna come way quicker than you can even anticipate at this moment in time.


And so we are here it is September 5th when we are recording this. We have the debate coming up and a very bad week for Donald Trump before that debate with these polls, with the infighting, with his just kind of constant rambling and not even being able to like say words at these events. I mean, you could read the transcripts and what I like doing now is actually writing out the transcripts of the words that Donald Trump says, just so you could show how insane this person truly is and how honestly like stupid he is. And this rightwing ecosystem being just totally torn to shreds by the DOJ being utterly exposed for what it is, a complete sham, something that is just completely propped up by the Russians to divide America.


I know so often we look at each other and we go, how in the heck can these people be saying these things? Like there needs to be something going on here. And anytime this like a DOJ indictment, like this drops, we go, ah, okay, this all makes sense now. Like this is what we suspected this whole time and it's pretty amazing that they were able to connect the dots here. and we will connect the dots on this episode of the Midas Touch podcast. Jordy, what's new? What's up fellas? Hey, I'm excited for tonight's show. Brett, you also, for our audio listeners, Brett is supporting a really nifty haircut. That looks really good, Brett, last time you were at the haircut, or every time you go to the dentist, anytime seemingly you have an appointment, something major happens.


Yeah, so did anything major happen yesterday when you were getting the haircut? Russia indictment? Yeah, there you go. There you go. Keep this man in the studio or, or maybe not actually because the bombshells, you know, definitely fly while Brett's not by his computer. Finish the haircut. I gotta make a TikTok about this. Benji, how about you man? How you doing? I'm doing great. I mean, look, there was once a time where we would be guided by objective data where it was clear in this damning indictment that Russia was involved in this influence operation. We're talking about emails, we've got the kind of front pseudonyms that were used. Edward Gregorian was pretending to be this businessman, but was actually a Russian agent.


When you break down like in detail the communications between this American media company that was actually a front for the Russian influence operation, and you lay it all out, every American should be shocked. All media companies that care about our democracy should be like, holy crap, America is under attack. And I just want you to think about this because if the media landscape that exists now existed during Watergate, they would just be like Watergate, smarter Gate Watergate. Here we go again. The weaponization of the DOJ, they're going after Nixon.


This is crap enough, enough, enough. That's not what happened, right back when Nixon was in power and Watergate was uncovered regardless of your political party, by and large America said that was a crime. Every day right now, Donald Trump does like 10 watergates every single day. And maybe it's because the deluge of it or whatever, or just the corporate media is now complicit and doesn't understand what its role is as the media. They just let him get away with it right now. And so immediately you saw Fox kick into high gear yesterday and they're like, here we go again. Russia, Russia, Russia.


The Democrats are trying to go after that. No, Russia is trying to influence our elections and the things these right wing media influencers are saying as Governor Walls would say, who wants these ideas, right? Who's saying these things? And it is inspired by Russian money is what we learn and that is bad, and we should call that out. Whether you have a D or an R or an I, Democrat, Republican, independent, or whatever you should say, that is bad. Similarly, when you watch Donald, Trump say these things that He says that these various events that he is done over the past 24 to 48 hours, you should say he's not speaking in sentences or he's speaking like a wannabe dictator or this makes no sense, or this is frightening.


And that shouldn't be a Democratic or Republican position. Just as human beings watching things, we should be able to use common sense and say, what the heck did you just say? Let me start with this fake town hall that was being hosted on Fox, where Donald Trump claimed that there was supposed to be a debate on Fox, which there wasn't, but it's a propaganda session led by Fox, which calls itself news like how this could even exist right now is beyond me. But here we are in 2024, just straight up propaganda sessions. And even with softball questions, Donald Trump says things that are so alarming and so dangerous and just not how democracies work like this, Trump says, you have no choice.


You have to vote for him. Even if you don't like him, you have to vote for him. Here, play this clip. I'm not gonna out. You can't take the chance. You have no choice. You've gotta vote for me. I have. You've gotta vote for me. You got even. Even if You don't like me, you know? Yeah, it's, it's it. What? No, but even if you don't like me, you could sit there. Zach can't stand that guy, but there's no way I'm gonna vote for her. No, I mean, what in the world is that? Then He says one of his best accomplishments when he was in office is that He said there was four years without any World Trade Center blowups, and that's why he should be congratulated here to play this clip.


But, you know, I wanted to say it so much during my term. We went four years without any blowups. We had no world trade sugar blow up. We had no radical Islamic terror. We had no radical Islamic terror. I recall almost every day in the fourth year of his term, disgracing the office, there were more deaths than occurred at the World Trade Center every single day because he mishandled Covid. I know corporate media wants to be like this thing just happened and he shouldn't be blamed for it. He was the leader since when did we give the president of the United States a Mulligan He said like a miracle.


It was all going to go away. He was out there bragging about his ratings from press conferences where he told Americans to inject bleach. You know the lockdowns, those were Trump lockdowns. So as we are watching college football right now in the NFL, when Trump was in office, there were Trump lockdowns because he didn't know what the heck he was doing other than to cover it up and tell Americans like a miracle. It was all going to go away. I remember watching on TV mobile morgues, I remember watching Donald Trump in addition to saying, inject bleach into your veins.


I remember the food lines for food banks that stretched miles long as Americans were starving them. I remember every day the stock market would crash by thousands of points each and every day. I remember seeing unemployment at its highest levels ever because Trump mishandled it. He was an utter failure and that's the language that he used. Oh, praise me, because there was no world trade center. What in the heck is that? And then he goes, I'm not weird. Me and JD are not weird. We're not weirdos here. play this clip. JD is not weird. He's a solid rock. I happen to be a very solid rock.


We're not weird. We're other things perhaps, but we're not weird. But he is a weird guy. He walks onto stage and there's something wrong with that guy. And he called me weird. And then the fake news Meteor picks it up. That was the word of the day. Weird, weird, weird. They're all going, but we're not weird guys. And then he can't even use, he doesn't have the vocabulary to even attack Governor Walls. Did you notice he's, he just goes on stage and he's like, and then they call me. He can't finish a sentence to even make the attack point. And then that brainwashed audience is like laughing. There's legitimately nothing funny. I'm watching an actual moron and an idiot up there.


But I wanna make, I wanna make a point about that too, because the reason why, you know, we see this brainwashed audience out there is because this plays into Ben exactly what you were saying in the beginning and exactly what's going to be a theme of this episode as we speak about this new Russia indictment and these MAGA influencers, Fox Hannity, this is another one of those ops. It's really not much different than this Russia operation that's happening with these MAGA influencers. These are fake events, these are staged events. This is exactly what they accused corporate media, other corporate media stations of who do not do this sort of thing. They call this a town hall. It is a fake town hall. They didn't even take a single question from somebody, not to mention that they filled the audience anyway with the most rabid Trump supporters so that they could get that WWE style reaction in every question.


And that laughter at every stupid Trump remark because it's about putting on a show, it's not about delivering information, it's about making a propaganda piece to get people to like Donald Trump. And so you fill it with those people, you have them laugh, you have them applaud at the dumbest things imaginable. You are sending a message out to the viewers that you should also be feeling those same things. And Hannity ha and Fox in general have already been proven to be like the crisis PR firm for Donald Trump. I mean, we saw those text messages and we saw those emails and the various lawsuits against Fox in the January 6th committee when they spoke about how Fox handled the attack on the capitol, on what Fox was doing, trying to give advice to Donald Trump on how to handle the situation.


This is as much of an op as it gets. This is all fraudulent. Every single bit of it is scripted. You take a look too at their show, the Five and Jessica Tarlov is like the one pro democracy voice, but as you even break down that show, the whole purpose of it is, is that she makes incredible articulate points, but you surround her with four other voices that shout her down and treat her like she's stupid as she's making these cogent points. So what the message it sends to the Fox viewer who's been brainwashed all day by their lies, when she makes the articulate point, which is basically the control group for maybe what a family member of a Fox viewer may be arguing back to them, they're reassured by the four other people on the panel who shout her down and Ah, that's stupid.


That's dumb. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. So the message, this is all psychological manipulation goes to the viewer goes, oh, got it. She's stupid. And those smart ideas are dumb. I am with the four versus the one. And that's the five. The whole purpose of the five is the four wins every time, right? It's literally a rig sports game where Tarla will always lose and she'll make her points. But no matter what in the debate, she is intended to be the losing person every time. And then they run these ops throughout their shows and they're really studying psychological manipulation.


It's obvious the shows are programmed with an intent to manipulate. But By, the way you go back to the origins of Fox, Roger ELLs, I mentioned Nixon before created a right-wing propaganda memorandum to avoid people like Nixon being held accountable in the future by creating a right wing media propaganda system. And at the same time that was developing, you had the Federalist Society say, how does The right wing take over the courts? So as America was becoming more and more diverse, The right wing propaganda machine and control of court plan was rising, rising, rising snuck up in a way that nobody was really watching.


And bam, we see those factors right now, and now the antidote has to be us and you fighting back against that. I wanna show you this as well. Donald Trump claims that the reason he understands nuclear and nuclear programs better than anyone is because of his uncle who is at MIT and that somehow has transmuted nuclear physics to Donald Trump's brain. Here play this clip. And You know, the one program I hated to upgrade hated it was the nuclear program. And I understand it maybe better than anybody. My uncle was at MITA professor, the longest serving professor in the history of MIT.


Very smart guy. We have a smart family, it's nice to have a smart family, but I knew I understood nuclear for a long time. The power of nuclear weapons, you need a president that's not gonna be taking you into war. We won't have World War III when I'm elected. I understand the power of nuclear weapons because I had an uncle who worked at MIT and I have a smart family who answers questions like that. Like what in the world even is that as a response? How? How does that get applause? And again, I go back to what I said before, I don't care what political party you are from.


What we just observed is not normal behavior. It's not a normal response, it's not a coherent response. He's not speaking in complete sentences, right? At a bare minimum, shouldn't we do complete sentences? And that's what we talked about at the last show. vice President. Kamala Harris is actually graded on a curve of she has to be perfect. And if she's not, it's viewed as a failure. Donald Trump's curve basically is if he can somehow even make sounds that he gets applauded and that should be treated like, whoa. I guess that was, that was great. It isn't enough with the gaslighting that that is normal. Then Donald Trump spoke at this Economic Club of New York event today where one of his billionaire benefactors, John Paulson, had him go in front of this New York economic community and try to act like he knows what he's talking about.


The first clip I want to show you though is Donald Trump saying that for the four years he was in office, he took care of the American economy, like he would take care of his own company here, play this clip For four straight years, I fought for American workers, like I would fight for my own family. I took care of our economy, like I would take care of my own company. Okay, well, in terms of taking care of your own company, Trump Media, which has your name on it, is now down what, 70, 75%. Since it's high in March, it has lost over $343 million this year alone.


Last year it lost $56 million in terms of revenue. This year it's averaging what, 700 to $850,000 a quarter in revenue on hundreds of millions of dollars in losses. Last year it barely cleared $4 million in total revenue. Midas Touch got Donald Trump's investor presentation. I want to share that with you and I wanna show you what his projections were because in 2024, Trump projected over $800 million in revenue, and then in 2023 he projected nearly $150 million in revenue.


He was not close to any of those projections, more inflated numbers over and over again. But I'll go into detail in that in a little bit. patreon.com/midas touch where you could have a Zoom meetings with me and my brothers and check out our after show content as well. Next Thursday I think is the day we're going to host our Zoom meeting. So to prepare for that, sign up at patreon.com/midas touch store dot midas touch.com. Get the pro democracy gear that you see everybody wearing right now, the Midas touch gear. It's so amazing.


I go to malls, I go to shopping centers wherever I see so many people wearing the childless cat lady shirts, the Kamala Midas shirts, the unburdened hats, it's really cool to see that out and about. So get your store dot midas touch.com and the mind your own damn business ones I've seen everywhere. We'll be right back after our first quick break. We've got a lot more to discuss.


So what does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you're gonna get 10 different answers. The bull market, a bear market rates will rise or fall. Can someone please invent a crystal ball for me, please? Until then, over 38,000 businesses, including the Midas Touch Network, have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, and HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions with real time insights and forecasting. You're peering into the future with actionable data. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time on what's next. I use this and you should too. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunities, download the CFO's Guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Midas. You're not gonna regret it, you gotta learn all about it. That's what we're doing here at Midas. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash midas. Read it NetSuite N-E-T-S-U-I-T e.com/midas. That's NetSuite dot com slash midas. Tell 'em we sent you and check out that CFO's guide to AI and machine learning as well. Thanks NetSuite for sponsoring.


Lumen is the world's firsthand held metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath and on the app it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals. So. you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine, it's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits. Includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shifts so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health Go to lumen, LUME n.me/midas to get 15% off your Lumen, that is LUE n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time, Go to lumen dot me slash midas, LUE n.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors. Y'all links are in the description of both the YouTube and the audio. Click them, use our codes, let them know we sent you. We work really hard on those discounts, so definitely check it out. Do me a personal favor, go ahead and click on that NetSuite link like right now. Every time I swear they're, they're a sponsor of the show, we end up breaking the record of how many, you know, how much traffic we bring to their site. So check that out And lumen. Phenomenal device. Definitely check that out as well for others where we go next. Going back, going back to Donald Trump's speech, I guess if that's what you want to call it at this economic event earlier in the day, one of the things that Donald Trump said that he wants to establish in the United States is his own slush fund, his own type of sovereign wealth fund that he can use to buy things.


And this is his view of of, of our economy. It sounds fairly kind of centralized in the opposite of what conservatives would believe in, number one in theory and then number two. But it seems like what he's talking about is exactly what Michael Cohen warned he was gonna do that if he were to get into power, he would basically take money away from the American people, even billionaires, a deck of millionaires, like literally steal it MBS style, right? The way MBS and Saudi Arabia took the money from the various family members to consolidate his power, transfer it to his bank account and do exactly what he does with his political action committees, right?


Going back to what I said at the episode, it would be his personal slush fund because at the end of the day, that's what he's after. He wants to use our country to enrich himself and screw we the people. Here's his idea of having an American Sovereign Wealth Fund, but He said we'll call it something different. I wonder if what he means is he wants to call it the Trump fund. I think he does here play this clip. Why don't we have a wealth fund? Other countries have wealth funds, we have nothing. We have nothing. We're gonna have a sovereign wealth fund or We can name it something different. I'll talk about it with Mr. Paulson who's in the audience and a lot of other friends of mine and we'll name it something that's appropriate.


Perhaps Sovereign Wealth Fund wouldn't be appropriate, but it's gonna be the same thing. We'll put tremendous amounts of money through all this money that will take be taken in through tariffs and other intelligent things. And we'll have the greatest sovereign wealth fund of them all. and we should have, and that will be used to do things that will be great for our country, including to invest. Yeah, we don't have a sovereign wealth fund because we're not a developing nation. Our GDP right now is the fastest growing of all G seven Nations. We don't need Donald Trump in a select group of his billionaire donors controlling our tax dollars to buy themselves crap.


That's kind of antithetical to the American dream and our values here. So on the one hand you have vice President, Kamala Harris talking about a bottom up, middle out approach talking about small business tax credits, child tax credits alleviating the tax burden on middle class and working families. And then you have Donald Trump saying that he wants to huddle with his billionaire donors to create his own slush fund that he's going to start to spend. I mean his ideas are incomprehensible and if you try to parse it, they are highly damaging, highly devastating.


It's also why Goldman Sachs came out with the report recently, Goldman Sachs, which what Donald, Trump and MAGA are gonna say, you know those communist Marxist Goldman Sachs ERs, they said the GDP would grow significantly more under vice President Kamala Harris than under Donald Trump. Also, a ton of independent studies have shown that, guess what? The same way Donald Trump added $8 trillion to our debt that he would do. So again, with his ridiculous plans, he doesn't even understand what tariffs are. He doesn't understand that they're inflationary, he just likes the talking point. We're gonna tax foreign countries, we're gonna tax 'em, we're gonna tax 'em.


It's a tax on Americans. Now let me just share this with you right here, because to me this is a very important thing for us all where I want to hear actual ideas. Jordy and his wife just had their first child together. Me and my wife are expecting our first child any day now, any moment in fact while we're live right now, it could potentially happen. So tap right out. A big issue for me and probably for a lot of you watching and listening to this, is the affordability of childcare. And it's a massive issue and I want to hear coherent policies around it.


And Brett, did Donald Trump give any coherent policies around childcare today? Let's play the clip and let's see if you could decipher what the heck Donald Trump is saying to this very straightforward question. If you win in November, can you commit to prioritizing legislation to make childcare affordable? And if so, what specific piece of legislation will you advance? Well, I would do that and we're sitting down, you know, I was somebody, we had Senator Marco Rubio and my daughter Ivanka was so impactful on that issue. It's a very important issue. But I think when you talk about the kind of numbers that I'm talking about that because look, childcare is childcare couldn't, you know, there's something, you have to have it in This country, you have to have it.


But when you talk about those numbers compared to the kind of numbers that I'm talking about by taxing foreign nations at levels that they're not used to, but they'll get used to it very quickly and it's not gonna stop them from doing business with us, but they'll have a very substantial tax when they send product into our country. Those numbers are so much bigger than any numbers that we're talking about, including childcare, that it's gonna take care. We're gonna have, I, I look forward to having no deficits within a fairly short period of time, coupled with the reductions that I told you about on waste and fraud and all of the other things that are going on in our country. Because I have to stay with childcare, I wanna stay with childcare. But those numbers are small relative to the kind of economic numbers that I'm talking about, including growth, but growth also headed up by what the plan is that I just, that I just told you about.


We're gonna be taking in trillions of dollars and as much as childcare is talked about as being expensive, it's relatively speaking, not very expensive compared to the kind of numbers we'll be taking in. We're gonna make this into an incredible country that can afford to take care of its people and then we'll worry about the rest of the world. Let's help other people. But we're gonna take care of our country first. This is about America first. It's about make America great again. We have to do it because right now we're a failing nation so we'll take care of it. thank you. Very good question. What are they clapping for? I mean you have to think about the people in that room though are also economic leaders, right?


There's deca millionaires and billionaires in that room clapping at that. Brett, that wasn't even a coherent sentence. No, I mean you can't even understand like what He said. I think ultimately if you try to parse it, something about childcare actually isn't that big of a deal and tariffs are gonna bring in money. So who cares about childcare? It it's, it's an outta touch answer even if you try to make any sense of it. But in order to try to make sense of these things, one of the things that we've been doing here is we will write out the transcript of the words that Donald Trump says. So we wrote this out today and we posted it on our social media. You could see it right here if you wanna take a screenshot or you could find it on our Twitter and Threads account. And I'll just read some of it right now.


The unedited transcript of Donald Trump's response to the question about would he commit to prioritizing legislation to make childcare affordable? And if so, what specific legislation would he advance? This was Donald Trump's response. I'm just gonna read it in my voice so that we could take the Trump us out of it and then you could just see the incoherence for what it is Trump. Well I would do that. And we're sitting down and I was somebody, we had Senator Marco Rubio and my daughter Ivanka was so ah, impactful on that issue. It's a very important issue. But I think when you talk about the kinds of numbers that I'm talking about that because look, childcare is, childcare is couldn't, you know, there's something, you have to have it in This country, you have to have it.


I mean I could go on and on and on, but it doesn't get more coherent than that. He's never able to circle around a particular thought. It's just incoherent, rambling. And this isn't the first time of course, and this is, you know, multiple now in a series that we've done of these transcripts of Donald Trump trying to just show people in plain English what Donald Trump is saying and how little it makes sense. Here's, I think this was Donald Trump I think it was in Vegas at this point. This is at least one of the first times where he spoke about the sharks and electrocution and, and all of that. And so this is the transcript from June 9th from his speech in Las Vegas. So I said, let me ask you a question.


And He said, nobody ever asked this question and it must be because of MIT, my relationship to MIT. Very smart. He goes, I say, what would happen if the boat sank from its weight and you're in the boat and you have this tremendously powerful battery and the battery's now underwater and there's a shark that's approximately 10 yards over there, By the way lot of shark attacks lately. Did you notice that lot of shark? I watched some guys justifying it today. Well they weren't really that angry. They bit off the young lady's leg because of the fact that they were, they were not hungry, but they misunderstood who she was. They just didn't really understand. A young woman swimming now really got decimated and other people too, a lot of shark attacks.


So I said, so there's a shark 10 yards away from the boat, 10 yards or here do I get electrocuted if the boat is sinking, water goes over the battery, the boat is sinking. Do I stay on top of the boat and get electrocuted or do I jump over the shark and not get electrocuted? Because I will tell you he didn't know the answer. He said, you know, nobody's ever asked me that question. I said, I think it's a good question. I think there's a lot of electro current coming through that water But, you know what I'd do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted, I'll take electrocution every single time 'cause I'm not getting near the char. And that's Donald Trump's rambling. and we see it constantly. And one of the issues with how this is all being reported also is you could have vice President, Kamala Harris get out out there and we will place some clips of her delivering her economic message with real policy plans that could help people.


And these are plans that could be debated, right? You could like some ideas, you could not like some ideas, they could be up for debate, you could have a discussion about it. And that's what you should be doing with anyone's policy positions, right? But they grade her on this massive curve and then they try to what we call sane wash Donald Trump's statements to try to make his incoherent statements sound like he actually said something normal So here, For example is the New York Times sane washing Donald Trump's speech that was apparently on the economy, whatever you just heard and watched. And this is, this was posted by somebody on X named Digby. He said this makes it sound as if Trump gave a coherent economic speech.


He did not. It was largely ire irrelevant gibberish drawn from his tiresome rally stump speech. And most of it made no sense, but sure it was about policy. This is the problem people they're covering for him. And this is what the New York Times wrote Trump in this speech to business leaders is to a large extent doubling down on the economic proposals he made during his successful 2016 campaign when he proposed lowering corporate taxes, slashing regulations, and reconfiguring trade agreements in order to boost tariffs. He has essentially promised the same things here, but with larger cuts and higher tariffs. And he has repeated his promise to increase American oil and gas production, which has been at record levels under the, at Biden, the Biden administration.


I mean at least they note the record levels under the Biden. Sure. But to take Donald Trump's whatever the heck that you just heard and to just kind of mold it into what you want it to be is it's just an odd thing that we see time and time again. I know we've read also, you know, all these transcripts, not transcripts, these articles about the Trump rallies when they try to make sense of it. And Donald Trump got up there and He said, who wants more Trump? And everybody shouted and went USA as the crowd. And you're like, what the heck are they watching here? Like, like you're gonna ignore the Q Anon rants, you're gonna ignore, yeah, him not being able to speak, you're gonna going to ignore his whole concept of rounding up people in the streets and mass deportation.


Like you're going to really sanitize that because that therein lies the issue. You're well a thousand percent right Brett, because it's so much more than just maybe an odd coincidence of how are all these publications doing this in cover? It is absolute media malpractice, what we're watching on a daily basis. And look, I, if you consider yourself pro-democracy, you're just asking, you're not even, you don't even want favorable coverage, right? For for Kamala or for Biden. You just want, you just want the same type of, you just want to be on the same playing field here, but there's a different scale of how these two are graded and the answers that they give. It's unbelievable that we as the American people just let mainstream corporate media do this to us.


But, you know what, there we're not anymore. There's been a mass exodus of corporate media of people calling this out and it's led to the growth of this amazing community, this Midas mighty, this Midas touch network community. So thank you guys. The the folks listening, the folks putting in the work day in and day out to call stuff like that out because that is media malpractice period. End of story Ben. Well you think about it, with the fourth estate failing to do its job, on the one hand you have these pro-democracy channels, which I believe the Midas Touch network is one of the leaders in just trying to get the facts out.


Where I don't view our channel as specifically liberal, progressive, independent or conservative. I just think we're trying to get the facts out. We're unapologetically pro-democracy that's being framed by defective corporate media as liberal or left. Which certainly I have liberal and left and progressive ideas. But it's framed that way in contrast to The right wing, which is viewed as what we now know to be, and this is what we've been saying all along actually is not conservative, they're not conserving institutions unless what they're trying to do is conserve the monarchy or conserve or entrench the power of Vladimir Putin.


Perhaps they're trying to conserve Putin's power. 'cause now we know that a lot of this right wing, our suspicions have been confirmed by this DOJ indictment. And I think it's the tip of the iceberg. Unless you're telling me that these right wing influencers are just all for free. And we know a lot of 'em are being paid now are pushing out as again, as Governor Walls would say, who the hell wants these ideas? Which, which, which may even be worse. You know, I don't know what's worse at this point. Well that's, that's why ban, yeah, totally. The defense by The, right, winging influencers is you wouldn't have to, even though we took this money, we didn't know it was coming from Russia 'cause we would've said this stuff anyway really, because some of this stuff was so unapologetically pro-Russia, that even the Russian in the influence operation was like, maybe we need to chill and tone this down.


This might be a little much, this might be a little too obvious. We'll break that down and more, we have a lot more show to go Ben. I wanna say. That's why though I'm happy to see people like, like real conservatives coming out in bigger numbers than ever in order to say what we are witnessing is not conservative. That's why I was happy to see Liz Cheney yesterday come out and say, I do not believe that we have the luxury anymore of writing in candidates names as a conservative, as someone who believes in and cares about the Constitution. I have thought deeply about this. I am not just going to not vote for Donald Trump, but I will be voting for Kamala Harris. And I know that there are so many other actual conservatives, independents, moderates, that want to join this pro-democracy community because Ben, they see exactly what is happening with this MAGA movement and we are going to dissect and break it all down, right when we get back from this quick break, don't go anywhere.


A question that I am frequently asked is, Ben, how do you stay so calm when you're doing your reporting with all that's going on in the world? And I say one of the tricks that I use is actually, I use an app that's called Calm and the app called Calm has these grounding exercises and expert talks and meditations that I listen to in the morning and sometimes before I go to sleep. And it's been really helpful for me. Calm, it's the number one app for sleep and meditation, giving you the power to calm your mind and change your life. And it's really helped me. It's got meditations to work through anxiety and stress and boost your focus and build healthier habits and take better care of your physical wellbeing and look stress less, sleep more and live better with calm. Try it out. I think you'll really like it. For listeners of our show, calm is now offering an exclusive offer of 40% off a calm premium subscription@calm.com slash midas CA lm.com/midas. Go to cm.com/midas for 40% off unlimited access to comm's entire library. That's calm.com/midas.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode. Shout out miracle shout out com miracle. Just amazing. I, I've revetted, I've re outfitted my whole bedroom with all the miracle stuff. So my sheets and are just super comfortable. Check that out. \


Ben, that calm read of yours that should be studied. Like that was a beautiful read for, for the Calm app. It was very calm. It's like an so they're a new sponsor, y'all. I, I think you may have seen them during the, a few hot takes that Ben has has done. Definitely check them out. Wonderful, wonderful service. Ben does it all the time. I do. It's fantastic. Links and description of audio and YouTube. Calm, keep calm everybody, let's go. I know it's, it's tense, but keep calm Ben. Where we going next? I wanna come Maah, I wanna show you the contrast right here. On the one hand you have Governor Walls speaking in Pennsylvania and I like that he's outlining what Trump and Mag's plan is. They're trying to keep us divided.


They're rooting against America. They're trying to keep you pessimistic. So first let me play Governor Walls and then I wanna show you a selfie video that Donald Trump made of himself earlier in the day where he basically says, you need to panic, economic crash is happening. Panic, panic, panic. 'cause Trump's trying to create panic 'cause he thinks panic is a winning issue for him. First Governor Wallace play the clip. This is gonna be door to door phone call to phone call. It's gonna be engaging people who, it is a deliberate effort by some people to make them believe that our political system is broken to make them believe that things are pessimistic. My God, every time I hear Donald, Trump give a speech, it's like the next street play for Mad Max or something.


It's, they're rooting against America. They do not believe in the exceptionalism of This country. They do not believe in the people who built This country. They simply want to complain about them. And by you coming here and talking neighbor to neighbor, that's what inspires people. My wife always talks about this. She says, I don't read the paper to see the movie produce. I ask people that I know what they think about it and they tell. That's the same thing that's going on here. And I think all of you in this room, it's not hyperbole to say this election could very well hinge on this county here and this field office here and the folks that we get out. That is an awesome responsibility, but it's also an awesome opportunity. Okay, now contrast that to Donald Trump's selfie video where He says there's an economic depression, it's all going downhill.


play this clip, Kamala crash, we're going to have a crash like 1929. If she gets in, it will not be pretty. thank you. And this is unprecedented in American politics. Now there is of course in political races, the parties have dirty tricks. They go after each other. That's always existed. But to have one political party. Now the MAGA Republicans, they're not real. Republicans try to actually harm the economy. They're trying to literally create the problems, not look, you could run on problems, right? That's fair to me.


Fair game. And, and I think while it's a dirty trick, if you are running a campaign and you want to exaggerate the problems, dirty tricks should be called out. But that was kind of in the traditional conventional political playbook. Now it is the Republican MAGA playbook to cause and inflict the harm and then run on the harm that you cause and lean on right wing propaganda media, which we now also know is likely all funded by Russia or good deal being funded by Russia to spread additional fear and panic to divide. We the people like this stock market right now, which should not be viewed as the main metric, but it's up about 55% since Donald Trump left.


On the other hand, Donald Trump's stock in Trump media. This is the article in the headline from New York Times down 74% from its March peak. Now imagine if you are 401k, your portfolio was down that amount. Imagine if the US stock market was down 74%. So for anyone who's like, we gotta run America like we run a business. First off, I don't think we should run government, which is job is to protect, to take care of people. Like we run businesses. There's elements in learning that We can take from corporate efficiencies. Not the greed, but there's, there's lessons that can be learned. But if you're saying we gotta run this like business Trump's bankrupted everything and his Trump media stock is falling and collapsing and they've lost hundreds of millions of dollars and it looked more lies than his projections.


And you go, well, they're just projections. He didn't say they're definitely gonna be like this. But look at these projections. $835 million projected in 2024. He'll be lucky if he clears three and a half million dollars, $3.5 million. That means your local McDonald's franchise is making far more revenue just the one McDonald's store more revenue than all of Trump media. And I promise you, they ate losing hundreds of millions of dollars or even millions of dollars. He's running this horrifically and it has his name attached to it.


2023, he projected 114 million. He's off, he did $4 million in 2023 and lost 56 million. And now he's lost close to $343 million already from Trump media. You have all the insiders starting to sell off their stock right now as well. Nunez sold. Other people are selling their stock at the same time. They're holding press conferences complaining that there's some deep state conspiracy taking place right now. It is the same story with him. He was never good at business. At least if he was good at business and he ran the businesses successfully, you'd be able to make the argument. Look, he's done all of these horrible things.


But look, he's done these good business, but he's done worse in business than anyone in the history. The only thing that he can do is lie better than perhaps anybody in the history of humankind. But he's bankrupted the casinos, the Trump stakes, the Trump water, the Trump jets, the Trump universities fail, fail, fail, fail, fail, fail, fail. And then Trump media lawsuits, you know, the, the founders accusing him of corporate espionage. He's suing the founder. The whole thing is a freaking mess. And I just, I don't want that to be our country. I said, I would show you vice President Kamala Harris speaking. Here she is talking about, again, a detailed plan to expand tax deductions for startups up to 50,000.


She's laying out a plan in detail. Imagine that. Not Hann, Lecter not saying, you know, Marco Rubio, you know, I think what we're gonna do to tax the foreign countries, they're gonna be taxed so good. They're gonna, they're gonna not even know. And the thing is, we're gonna make it better. Make America great again, save America, do everything great. And that's what we need to do. I'm like, they're clapping for that. What the hell did he even, that wasn't even a thought, that wasn't even a sentence yet alone a plan. Here's vice President, Kamala Harris's plan though. play this clip. And so all of this is why as president, one of my highest priorities will be to strengthen America's small businesses.


And here I am in New Hampshire to announce a few elements of my plan to do that. So first we're gonna help more small businesses and innovators get off the ground. Okay? Now I'm setting what some I'm sure are gonna call a very ambitious goal. But, you know what? I think we should admire ambition in each other. So I want to see 25 million new small business applications by the end of my first term.


And to help achieve this, we will lower the cost of starting a new business. So here's the thing. On average, it costs about $40,000 to start a new business in America. That is a great financial barrier for a lot of folks. And it can hold entrepreneurs back. And the current tax deduction for a startup is just $5,000. Okay? So then you gotta make up the delta there. Gotta figure out how you're gonna do that. Not everyone has access to that kind of wealth and capital. So part of my plan is we will expand the tax deduction for startups to $50,000.


It's Essentially a tax cut for starting a small business. Second, my plan will help existing small businesses grow. We will provide low and no interest loans to small businesses that want to expand. and we will, and this is very important, cut the red tape that can make starting and growing a small business more difficult than it needs to be. More difficult than it needs to be. So as you see, a detailed plan goes on many more minutes. You know, we did a whole video covering it, so feel free to watch the full but detailed plan points explaining the tax code like that to me is what our political system should be about.


Now, you may say to her, Hey, how are you gonna pay for that? Is that gonna cause additional deficit? All fair points if you wanna raise. But now we're having normal political discussions, right? And that's what I want to have. I'm happy to have those debates. And if you have a better idea to spur the economy, let's have it versus let me show you a typical MAGA influencer video. This is Sophia Hutchins right now, one of the big MAGA influencers. She runs the log cabin or one of the board members of the log cabin Republican groups. But let me just show, sorry, show you. She's a, a major, one of the top Trump surrogates out there.


Here she is accusing Amazon Alexa of rigging the election against Donald Trump and rigging the polls play this clip Json. I'm not a big Amazon person myself, but I'm gonna film a little video for you, telling you how I really feel. Stay tuned. Take two. Amazon's Alexa dot Bye-Bye. Election interference. I felt so strongly I had to get a big sledgehammer. Let's see if I get it. Fuck you. Amazon. So for the audio listener, she takes a sledgehammer, she hammers the Amazon Alexa, and then she curses and By the way you go to Donald Trump events.


And he curses indict the mother. Effa He says like over indict the mother Effa. But he curses, he does the curse. Then he goes, all right, everybody, we're gonna do the chant. And then at churches, at Trump events, at the churches, they were all chanting like curse words at churches. And I'm watching this, I'm like, what in the, what in the world is this? And By, the way I gotta say like it, it appears that this is an individual who is incredibly well off. They appear to be in a very nice home. Like a, it looks like a compound on a cliff. I don't know where they are exactly, but maybe like in Malibu or, or somewhere. Like it looks like a, they like their life is probably not all that bad, okay? And they have this rage that they just need to project on everybody.


Going back to what Tim Wall said to try to make it seem like their life is horrible and your life is horrible and everything is horrible. And the difference in the messaging when you hear walls in Harris, this message of optimism, and here's how We can fix the things that are, you know, troubling you, that are making your life more difficult with Donald Trump just telling you, yes, you're miserable. Yes, you suck. Yes. This country sucks. And I'm, and the, the difference could not be clearer as to what is going on here. It's, it's such a great point because in that video, she, you're right, she appears to be, I can't see the full compound, but she appears to be on some ranch or mansion the same way when Alina Haba films those videos, you see it in the backyard.


She appears to be on the Hollywood Hills looking over and like those homes right there. If she's where I think she is, I see Ocean, I think, I think she's like in Malibu or something. Or like we're like Hidden Hills or something. I think she's in a nice area. She's in an area where those homes look to be in the tens of millions of dollars. Yeah. You know where she's saying how awful, you know, our country is, and while they know they're being manipulative, and look, you know, when Donald Trump and all these Fox people go Rush. Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. I mean, I don't wanna lose sight of these things. So remember when Donald Trump gave the press conference when he was running against Hillary Clinton and said, Russia, if you are listening here, play this clip.


Russia, If you're listening, I hope you are able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing. I think you'll probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Okay. I just want you to think about, you don't have to listen to any other clip. I don't have to show you Helsinki, where Donald Trump says he trusts Russia over US Intelligence. I don't have to show you the photos of Kislyak and Lavrov. The two top Russian foreign leaders who work under Putin, who went into the Oval Office and were glad, made me spend all that time digging up these clips then. Yeah, thanks. I, I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm just joking.


I'm just kidding. We could show you clips of Trump saying he doesn't know what the hell NATO was. He's, he's on a video saying, Russia, you will be rewarded mightily if you get dirt on a political, I don't need to see a dossier. I don't need to see. I just saw it. I literally just watched what He said, which is traitorous and reason I don't need to see anything, I mean, but look what he just said this past week when he was on Mark Levin. That's how Mark Levin talks. He goes, I told Putin it's a shame we could have done a lot of business together. But He said, it's tough that we make a deal.


This is what He said two days ago. Here play this clip Than me. But we were, we were having a problem. You had Adam shifty Schiff and all these bad people, including Hillary and others coming up with his Russia hoax. And I told Putin, I said, you know, it's a shame 'cause we could have done a lot of business, the countries together, but with this whole fake thing that's going on. And he understood that. He said it's a fake deal. He said, he actually said to me, He said, it's tough to make a deal now. I said, you're right. It's tough. They created a fake narrative. This Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. It was a hoax. and we could have had a much different relationship with Russia.


Okay, was it a hoax? Play the clip one more time of him saying, Russia, if you're listening, let's play that clip Russia, If you're listening, if hope you are able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing, I think you'll probably be rewarded mightily by our press. I just want you to wa just watch that yourself. And now what we've learned in this bombshell indictment is that Russia is continuing to listen. They want to elect Donald Trump and they created media front groups here like this group, TE Media, which is a subsidiary of roaming USA corp, a Tennessee based company.


The influencers are some of the most, well-known, right-wing influencers, Benny Johnson, Tim Pool, Lauren Southern. The influencers deny that they knew they were being paid by Russia. That's their denial. You can assess what you think about their credibility on your own, but they deny it. But it appears that tenant media's founders were well aware they were dealing with Moscow. As you read the indictment, some people wonder why the co-founders of tenant media have not been indicted. Well, the responses, it's potential. They're cooperating and they've already pled guilty and are charged. I don't know that for a fact, but if you read between the lines, it is possible that they are cooperating.


Again, I don't know that for a fact, but I think we'll find that this is just the tip of the iceberg. But we're talking about hundreds of thousands of dollars per video that was put out there by these influencers to basically push the most divisive content to benefit Russia over and over again. And the question becomes, how widespread is this? Is it just tenant media or is this fueling and funneling this entire ecosystem? Because a lot of this stuff that's out there is, is bizarrely anti-American stuff. And yeah, as a patriotic American, I watch this and I'm like, what, what is this Brett, I'll let you talk briefly about it.


Well, you could stay with Johan about, you know, Vladimir Putin, but he worked in intelligence in Russia for a long time and his specialty was manipulating people and he manipulated himself too, or people enough to become the leader of Russia, the dictator, the defacto dictator of Russia. And So, you know damn well that when he's looking at the United States of America and these influence operations, that he's going to use all the skills that him and his intelligence agencies have to try to sow discord in This country. And this now for years and years and years has been what our intelligence community has been warning. And it's far exceeded the ability, I think, of even our government to even be able to combat this stuff because technology is moving so quickly.


And Ben, you said before, like, is this the only one? Is it just this one tenant media? I mean, in my opinion, very doubtful that this is the only one that just this one organization with Tim Pool and Benny Johnson and Dave Rubin and these others, they just picked this one and they're like, that's it, we're done. We have no, we have no other stake in anything else I call BS on that. Once again, my opinion, but I think as I, I think a lot of people yesterday were probably probably quite afraid in this Maggie universe. And I know that there, there have to be a lot of these very dangerous if not illegal deals going on behind the scenes with a lot of these ma influencers.


I mean, heck, we were talking about truth social before and their fake numbers that they were putting out, that they projected that the stock would do, that Trump media would do in revenue. And when you look behind the curtain at the numbers, you see that the numbers simply aren't there. Same thing with these companies, right? You look behind the curtain at tenant media, you find out that 90%, according to this indictment, 90% of their revenue was derived from these Russian sources. So you start to just wonder, you know, are these platforms manipulated into the appearance of popularity, right? You start to wonder these messages that they are putting out, are they all bs?


Are they all a coordinated operation by Russia who are picking either witting or unwitting agents in order to present their messages? Are these individuals also in our government? Are the things that Marjorie Taylor Greene are saying influenced by this? And if not directly, are they being indirectly influenced by it via these influencers? Are people like Matt Gaetz? Where's it all coming from? And I think as we continue to peel back these layers, I think we're gonna continue to hear this sort of not shocking information, but still absolutely stunning information that connects the dots and follows the money back to Russia.


I mean, to me this should be like a, like a, like a generational defining story. Like this is totally a big, big, big story and I don't want folks to move on from it. And I already feel almost like it was a blip in the headlines and that was it. I mean, this is a major deal that strikes at the heart of our democracy and I think it really shows that these people are frauds. Like when you look at this MAGA universe, you see that the whole thing is built on a house of cards of Russian lies. That's what we are witnessing and we are seeing it fall apart. We're seeing their denials that these individual creators knew about it. Well, you knew you were being paid ex exorbitant sums of money per video to say specific things, certain circumstances.


The messaging has been incredibly, like Ben said, anti-American anti Ukraine, pro-res often at times. And when you see the exhibits, which are perhaps one of the even more revealing things about this case, when you see the Department of Justice's exhibits, it outlines, it shows you Russia's instructions to the various creators and to the companies and it shows their goals. And if you go through For example in the exhibits, Russia's messaging for how to run a campaign against the Democratic Party, what you hear is what you read is it reads like Marjorie Taylor Greene's platform, frankly it reads like the stuff that JD Vance and Donald Trump say when they go out and speak like word for word.


These are the things and you see that they have these psychological operations. This is in, once again, these are in the exhibits released by the Department of Justice. This is confirmed stuff. It's not just like me being conspiratorial. They have exhibits for different subgroups. For example, they have an exhibit for how do we divide American Jewish people? How do we divide American Jews who may be more likely to lean to The, right? Of the political spectrum from those who are more likely to lean to the left. How do we build that wedge and how do we pull them in order to, in, into Donald Trump's camp, how do we build a wedge between black Americans? What are the issues? What are the things we need to flood their Facebook feeds with their Twitter feeds with in order to divide them in order to get just enough to go into Donald Trump's camp?


This right now is election interference that we are seeing on a scale that makes 2016 look like nothing quite frankly. And I'm happy that the Department of Justice is being vigilant about it. You gotta give props to Attorney General Merrick Garland for this indictment. This is a very, very important indictment and I hope that they are connecting the dots on many more of these schemes that are going on. Because like I said, I do not think this is the only one Jordy, you know, side messaged and asked, you know, do would they do congressional hearings for something like this? And to that I would say, well they should know, right? Absolutely. The thing they should be doing congressional hearings on. But guess what you have running the House of Representatives right now.


Yep. Like Jim Jordan and James Comer who are at the receiving end of, if not this Russian money, of this disinformation. And they are either witting or unwitting agents in pushing it forward. They are part of this scheme. Yeah. So you're gonna be damn sure that they are not going to do anything about it. And I'll leave with this because you see Fox lead, you see Fox jump into action, try to defend Russia in all this instead of like anytime there's some sort of crisis or America is under attack, we used to at least come together in those moments and and say, this needs to stop. We are Americans do not mess with us. But what does Fox do?


Fox downplays the whole thing. Fox acts like it's just one big joke. They go, it's the Russia, Russia, Russia thing again. No, it's really not. Read the indictment, stop trying to go against America at every opportunity. So here was an exchange. And this calls back to what Ben was saying about that Jessica Tarlov dynamic, she's the Fox host who leans more with pro-democracy compared to Jesse Waters and the others on the Fox panel. Here's them talking about this $400,000 being paid like monthly or per video, whatever, whatever. It's a crazy amount of money to these creators. Here is Jessica Tarof talking about it and watch how Fox tries to dismiss it and make it look like a joke to their viewers then on this.


Okay, I am think that Vladimir Putin wants the guy who stood next to him in Helsinki and says, oh, he didn't do anything. He told me we were just meeting. And He said he didn't interfere on the election at all, even though our own Department of Justice had found that he did. What I find interesting about everyone's analysis thus far on this topic is that you're leaving out the juiciest tidbit, which is that the Russians were paying Tim Pool and Benny Johnson $400,000 a month for a weekly video that would go out to their millions of followers. 400,000 a month. Yes. More than Hunter Biden was making, you know, I'm Available too if you wanna pay me for that Money. That's who you make a joke out of it.


And they have denied that they knew that it, it was coming from a, a Russian in in that way, but they were getting talking With what did you get that info? Because I thought it was going through, I thought it was going through Lauren Chen, wasn't it her company and that it Was done that Tennessee based company and That they hired him as to do something and well They've been been doing videos and these kinds of talking points have been showing up in those videos. And what Oh, you mean like talking points? Like inflation's high? No, like talking about You mean Like DEI is bad? Yeah, that Or not Let, let Russia have Ukraine. It's SOS discord, which is the point that they don't, they want people, first of all to think that life is completely terrible under the Biden Harris administration.


Okay? And it goes to the heart of everything we've been talking about this episode. That's the entire goal of these foreign in influe influence operations. That's the entire goal of Donald Trump and this MAGA movement and this modern day Republican party, which frankly does not resemble the Republican party of the old days. And that's exactly what Tim Walls was calling out in that clip where He said, they just want to make you miserable. They want to treat this like this is some Mad Max, you know, style script in This country. But it's not, you know, there are a lot of things too actually be happy about. And I think if you find yourself on the side of Vladimir Putin and Russia, if you find yourself aligned, either, whether it's on purpose or accidentally directly aligned 100% with the Russian talking points meant, designed, crafted by Russian intelligence in order to divide the United States of America, I think you have a whole lot of introspection to do.


Ben looks like Congress is gonna hold hearings Jordy, to your point on whether or not Governor Walls had improper links to the CCP. I'm not making that up. That's what James, that that's where they'd rather focus all their efforts they want. Yep. Right. And then finally, Brett Trump media, remember as it was about to go bankrupt before going public, a bank in the island of Dominica called Paxo ended up making a loan through a shady family trust that had connections to Vladimir Putin to keep Trump media afloat. So I want to make that point right there as well. The connection is, is, is right, is right. One big op that I mean, or not a little opposite, as I said, there was two, there was some major court developments, just very briefly, federal Judge Tanya Chuts said a scheduling order where all of the absolute immunity issues are going to be addressed before the election and into October.


We'll start seeing briefing by the Department of Justice on Trump's claim of absolute presidential immunity on September 26th, 2024. And then finally, justice Marshan is going to be issuing his order on whether sentencing's going to take place on September 18th, tomorrow, probably tomorrow in the morning. And we'll of course be covering that right away. So those developments as well, I wanna touch upon. thank you everybody for watching patreon.com/midas touch. Make sure you check that out store dot midas touch.com to get that pro democracy gear. We appreciate you all so, so much. And we'll see you next time on the Midas Touch Podcast. Jordy, take it away.


Shout out to the Midas. It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premiers in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below.


But don't just watch against all enemies tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty, let's use our power. Well.