
Look, we've been saying it over and over again for years now. Political violence has no place in our country. It has no place anywhere. The type of extremist rhetoric that we are seeing that's been spreading specifically from MAGA Republicans belongs nowhere in our politics. I just want to, or it belongs nowhere, anywhere, period. I just wanna show you the types of emails and posts and statements that Donald Trump's been making every day to his supporters. Look, I refuse to be gaslit.


You've seen the other videos I've done where I've, in the strongest terms and the strongest terms, have condemned political violence. What went down in Butler, Pennsylvania is abhorrent and is despicable to take place here in the United States or anywhere. It's horrible. And as much as I truly loathe everything that Donald Trump stands for, you heard what I said, that no one deserves to be injured. No one deserves to be physically attacked at all, period. Full stop. Wanna be very clear where I stand on that? I just wanna show you the post though, that he's been making, sending to his supporters like this one.


This is the message that he sent out an hour before he took the stage in Butler, Pennsylvania. So I'm on his listserv, so you don't have to be, this is the emails that he sends every day. Let me just read from you. Over the past month, some of the emails, this one goes, I'm addressing the nation in 60 minutes. This is before he spoke in Butler, Pennsylvania. He goes, all hell breaks loose in one hour. Trump rally alert when I take the rally stage, I could be making a major announcement that sure to strike fear in the hearts of our deep state enemies. Donald Trump just a few days before that wrote the following, all hell breaks loose in seven days.


The final battle starts in seven days after I accept the nomination, the Liberation of America truly begins, and when it does, I'll need millions of Patriots like Ben standing by my side ready to demolish the deep state and rescue our country from filthy lunatics. He writes, this is what he wrote on July 9th. So all this is in the past week. The message is official Trump merch. Don't tread on maga. I'm speaking directly to Joe Biden and the rest of the mob that wants to throw me in prison. Don't tread on maga. Here's one a few days before that the gloves are coming off.


This was before the debate. I'm bringing out the big guns and, and caps is the word guns. Before I step into the ring with crooked Joe Biden tomorrow, that means Ben. I'm not pulling any punches. So I'm inviting you to join my debate prep. Here's another one that he sent a few days before that. I've got a secret weapon and it says, all I need is Ben. And it says that Biden's even got a gang of Soros backed prosecutors chomping at the bit to send MAGA to the grave. But I have one thing he'll never have the love and support of America first Patriots like you.


You are my secret weapon in the fight to save America. And he puts this in caps from total annihilation. Just think about the words he's using. Total annihilation. He uses words sending me to the grave. He uses words. The gloves are coming off, big guns don't tread on maga. Liberation of America help me demolish the deep state. He's calling people filthy lunatics, deep state to enemies over and over again. Email after he sends like seven of these emails every single day. Then he says this next one, it goes Ben.


You've got guts. And it says, I owe my life to you. It takes guts to stand up against the corrupt ruling class the way you did. If it weren't for Patriots like you, my campaign would've been dead and buried long ago. And he has it caps dead and buried. So you see what he's doing here with these emails to his supporters, By, the way, these are selfie videos that he's been making of himself and posting on his truth. Social account. His social media account. This is what he says. This is the message that he just creates. These selfie videos like this here play this clip. Savage Killers, rapists and violent criminals are being released from jail to continue their crime wave.


They're trying to indoctrinate and mutilate our children. He's leading us to the brink of World War iii. And on top of all of that, he's the most corrupt president in American history. And it's not even close. And then at his speeches and his rallies, he talks about how he believes immigrants are poisoning the blood of the, of the country. So when he says play the clip Country, when they do that, we got a lot of work to do. They're poisoning the blood of our country. That's what they've done. They poisoned mental institutions and prisons all over the world, not just in South America, not just the three or four countries that we think about, but all over the world.


They're coming into our country, from Africa, from Asia, all over the world. They're pouring into our country. Nobody's even looking at 'em. They just come in. The crime is gonna be tremendous. The terrorism is gonna be terrorism is going to be. And then we built a tremendous piece of the wall. And Then we, you'll recall that after Nancy Pelosi's husband was the victim of an attempted murder, Don Jr. Posted the following, got my Paul Pelosi Halloween costume ready and it's underwear with a hammer on it where Don Jr. Is spreading a conspiracy that Paul Pelosi was in a homosexual relationship with the, with the person who tried to kill him, which is false.


That's what MAGA was doing and saying. And then Donald Trump would give speeches mocking Nancy Pelosi and Nancy Pelosi's husband, because somebody tried to kill her husband, and Trump thought that was funny. So he gave speeches, mocking that Here, play this clip. We had no terror during my administration. The only terror we had was Nancy Pelosi, who's a crazed lunatic. This is a lunatic. She is a crazed lunatic. What the hell was going on with her husband? Let's not ask, let's not ask. I'll withdraw that statement. By, the way she's got a wall around her house.


Obviously in that case it didn't work very well, did it? It didn't work. By, the way the shooter has been identified, Thomas Matthew Crooks, the FBI officially identified him. It's also worth noting that the individual who was identified as the shooter was wearing Demolition Ranch gear. Far right wing company. Don Jr would take photos with the, the CEO and head of Demolition Ranch, which basically they argue that the Second Amendment gives people unlimited rights to have weapons of war, to do whatever they want with it.


I I, I did a whole other video where I shared with you just some of the statements that were being made by Biden, Obama, Clinton, and you know, and others who just condemned this and said they wish Donald Trump speedy recovery. They condemned the violence in all forms. They condemned all forms of violent rhetoric in any form. That's what that, that's what should be happening. The the, the politics should not be what we see being spread by Trump and Maga and By. The way all I've seen from the MAGA people are all their takes. Oh, this is gonna help Donald Trump. This is gonna, can we just focus on the fact here?


Can we focus on the fact that weapons of war are proliferating here? The Supreme Court just allowed bump stocks to proliferate. Like what are we even talking about here? And, and, and mago Republican saying, Biden did this. Biden did this. What you talking about? The, the, the, the person who was responsible for this was who was shot and neutralized by Secret Service. The guy was guy was a Republican wearing Second Amendment here. What are you talking about? I'm Ben MICUs. This is the Midas Touch now or can subscribe right now. We'll give you more updates throughout the day. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.