
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Donald Trump is losing his mind right now. After the New York Judge Justice Marshan ruled that Trump does not have absolute immunity following that Supreme Court ruling. In other words, the 34 felony count conviction against Donald Trump in New York stands. Here's what Donald Trump posted the opposite of presidential as he has a public meltdown, a public freakout. Just think if you're an adversary of the United States and you're watching someone meltdown like this and handle it so much like just a fricking toddler.


Here's what Donald Trump writes. He goes Breaking What do you like? You're a news source, breaking in a completely illegal psychotic order. The deeply conflicted, corrupt, biased, and incompetent acting. Justice. Juan Marshan has completely disrespected the United States Supreme Court and its historic decision on immunity. But even without immunity, this illegitimate case is nothing but a rigged hoax. Marshan, who is a radical partisan, wrote an opinion that is knowingly unlawful, goes against our Constitution, and if allowed to stand would be the end of the presidency as we know it, Marshan has so little respect for the constitution that he is keeping in place.


And a legal gag order on me. Your president and president-elect, just so I cannot expose his and his family's disqualifying and illegal conflicts. I am the only political opponent in American history not allowed to defend myself. A despicable First Amendment violation Marshan took the Manhattan DA's witch hunt that according to all legal scholars, including Jonathan Turley, Eli Honing, Andy McCarthy, Alan Dershowitz, Greg Jart, David Rivkin, Elizabeth Price, Foley, Andy Cherkowski, Paul Ingrassia. So all Fox hosts other than Ellie honing great job Ellie, by the way, in lending your name to that because you're a federal prosecutor and were apparently jealous of the New York District Attorney's prosecution barred by the statute of limitations.


The case was and should never have been brought through. His fraud and misconduct gave it a semblance of life. While deranged Jack Smith was sent packing back to the Hague after losing all of his politically manufactured cases against me. Marshan, who is far worse and even more corrupt than Smith in his fight for my hopeless political opponents, just cannot let go of his charade. Is it because of his conflicts and relations that he keeps breaking the law? This has to stop exclamation point. It is time to end the Lawfare once and for all so we can come together as one nation and make America great again. The Whiniest message in the world, I mean for real, we should all be embarrassed by this message.


First off, the special counsel Jack Smith cases were not dismissed on the basis of the merits. He's a federal prosecutor. Donald Trump is now the head of the federal government. Therefore, it is DOJ policy to dismiss the case that Jack Smith made it clear, not at all on the merits, but simply because of the election. The conviction in New York predates the election you were convicted on 34 separate felony counts. The United States Supreme Court issued its order on absolute immunity, which said core constitutional functions, official acts, and evidence relating to official acts cannot come into play when it comes to the executive branch.


The case in New York involving the 34 separate felony counts against you. Donald Trump, as found by Justice Rashan and found by a jury involved hush money. That was what the case was basically called. It was a fabrication of business records case and then there was a coverup thereafter. That's what Justice Marshan put in his ruling. That is essentially what the jury's finding was in finding 34 separate felony counts. The conduct predates when you are in office. What Justice Marshan said in his 41 page order is he said, look, I've reviewed what the Supreme Court has said on absolute immunity. I've reviewed what the Supreme Court discusses in terms of what the outer limits are.


Justice Murant says, if there is a hypothetical example of something you should not get absolute immunity for, it is essentially making hush money payments to an adult film actress and a quid pro quo payoff. That does not constitute absolute immunity at all. That's what Justice Marshan put in his very detailed order. Justice Marshan also said in his ruling, that your lawyers fail to assert on most claims the appropriate objections to even assert absolute immunity in the first place. But he goes, look, even though your lawyers did not do their job the right way, essentially if you wanted to make these claims on most of the claims, he goes, I'll analyze the absolute immunity claim regardless.


So he analyzes the absolute immunity and says, no, this is does not fall within the Supreme Court's ruling, does not fall within the outer limits. And then he goes on to say, even if you did get absolute immunity for certain testimony regarding Madeline Wester Whot, Michael Cohen, some of your tweets and ho picks what Justice Marshan said. The evidence of criminality was so overwhelming that any introduction of any of these other facts would be harmless error, such that you should be found liable anyway for the crimes that you were convicted of.


One of the single biggest predictors of how long you'll live and how good you feel while living is your metabolic health. Now, I strongly believe that you can't manage what you don't measure, and metabolic health can be difficult to measure. This is why I use levels to track my daily health metrics and habits and ultimately optimize my metabolic health levels. Helps me understand how my food and lifestyle decisions are impacting my health in the short term. I use levels to optimize my energy levels during the day and manage my weight in the long term. I'm thinking about the many chronic diseases that are directly linked to metabolic health, including diabetes, heart disease, and Alzheimer's. I use levels with a continuous glucose monitor to get my own personalized data, which I found to be really powerful to understand my own unique physiology. But you can also now use levels without a continuous glucose monitor. I never realized how much pasta could really spike my glucose until I started using levels. Levels has completely changed how and what I consume each day. The health and energy improvements I've seen since starting this journey has been a complete game Changer Levels has recently launched some exciting new features to help track your macros, protein, fiber, fat, carbohydrates, and sugar, and create daily habits around your health goals. They also provide insights based on trends in your health metrics to help guide you to make the best decisions that will have a positive impact on your health. Metabolic health is about glucose and much more and levels now helps you keep track of it all. Now is a great time to get started If you've been waiting for the right time to join levels to improve your metabolic health. Right now, Levels is offering my listeners an additional two free months of the Levels annual membership. When you use my link levels link slash Midas, I don't know how long this offer's gonna last. So if you've been interested in learning more about your metabolic health, now is the time to get started. Levels Link slash Midas


Regarding your whining about a gag order and saying that though you're not allowed to defend yourself, you are literally posting a whiny message attacking the judge in this message. You're attacking the judge's family. You're attacking the judge as a radical partisan. Let's be very clear, the judge himself is excluded from the gag order. You can attack the judge, which you are doing now, and you are a convicted felon according to the judge. So there are some limitations. The fact that you think that you need to attack a judge's daughter when you are a president elect again shows the depths of depravity that exists with you.


You could go on and read this order. I could debunk more of this stuff. Completely illegal and psychotic order. So you're saying what Justice Augh, a New York State court judge committed a crime by following New York state law. Weren't these MAGA Republicans? Weren't they all states rights people, but now they're not for states rights when it doesn't involve a ruling that they like. He goes on to call it a rigged hoax, really, because a jury of your peers in New York found you guilty on 34 separate felony counts regarding the reference to Ellie Honing. Didn't Ellie honing say that Michael Cohen blew the case? I thought Ellie Honing said that you were gonna win the case.


The juries hated Michael Cohen. So I guess Ellie honing was wrong. Again, there you say that Marshan has so little respect for the Constitution. He's keeping an illegal gag order on me. You could essentially say whatever you want. I just read your freaking statement that you said right now. You said this is a despicable First Amendment violation. Well, by the way, the United States Supreme Court, the Federal United States Supreme Court, they've said the gag order's valid. So what do you say about that? New York's highest court, United States Supreme Court all said the gag orders valid. These are, and on the Supreme Court side, those are judges who you appointed.


Then your, your statement about Jack Smith losing his cases. He didn't lose the cases on the merits. He dismissed the cases because you won your Supreme Court justices, the same ones who say the gag order is fine. They made a ruling that delayed justice in time and then you, you won the election and now the case gets dismissed. I mean, it, it is what it is. Jack Smith had to dismiss the cases under DOJ precedent. That's just what the DOJ does. 'cause you're gonna be appointing Pam Bondi to lead the DOJ. So clearly she's not gonna pursue the prosecution against you. And then you go, is it because his conflict and relations that he keeps breaking the law?


This has to stop. So you are again saying that Justice Marshan is a criminal. You are talking about Lawfare, but you're out there literally suing everybody. What you, you sued the Iowa pollster? 'cause they, they wrote a poll that you didn't like under Iowa Consumer Protection statutes. But you are upset about Lawfare where a criminal jury in New York convicted you on 34 separate felony counts. And then he goes on and just again, mostly it's, it's just whining. It's whining and it's using the presidency as a pulpit. Not to lead but to be a whiner in chief. A little baby who behaves like this.


Anyway, let me know what you think. But that's Donald Trump's freak out. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention?


You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.