
Donald Trump just stepped in it and made a major misstep at what may be the worst possible time for him with fewer than 50 days to go. In this election cycle, Donald Trump continues to drain the support of independent voters, of moderates, of more classic Republicans. And in recent weeks, he has even angered his own base with his constant flip flopping and rambling statements. Now, Donald Trump is trying to pivot hard to the right. Normally in these situations when you are trying to win an election, you try to move more towards the center. You try to court more voters, a majority of voters in the United States of America. But Donald Trump losing the support of his base after making some recent statements, is now trying To get them back.


They have this weird sort of symbiotic relationship, him and his base, where they both need each other. If you think Donald Trump is in full control of this ship, think again because he is panicking right now in this Michigan Town Hall. If you could even call it a town hall. I, I, I wouldn't call it a town hall personally. He sat down with Sarah Huckabee Sanders in Michigan. For some reason, I I, I have no idea why he started doubling down again on this election. Denialism, which is probably the the last topic that independent voters and these classic Republican voters want to hear it is the biggest turnoff possible. And the Vice President Harris campaign was quick to issue a statement denouncing Donald Trump's statements.


They said in Michigan Town Hall, Donald Trump again claims we won the election. In his first campaign event this week, Donald Trump again insisted that he won the 2020 election despite the fact that he did not Trump if the election were a straight election, we won that election. We should have won that election. Everybody knew we won the election. This is a statement from Harris Wall's 2024 spokesperson, Joseph Costello. Quote, tonight, Donald Trump doubled down on his lies that have turned off swing voters across the country. Americans are exhausted by his election lies and tired of Trump's same old playbook for Trump. It's all about himself.


This November, freedom, loving patriotic Americans, Republicans, democrats, independents, will turn the page on Trump's extremism, conspiracy theories, and elected the only candidate who will defend our democracy and our constitution, vice President Kamala Harris. And it's so great to see this Harris campaign embrace the real meaning of patriotism and what it actually means to be American and what our true American values. And so here is the moment at this fake town hall thing that we were talking about. And this is particularly funny because this is when Fox cuts into the town hall hoping that Trump is going to be speaking about the issues. But nope, he's talking about denying the election Now Onto the stage, he's now about to talk about the second assassination Atti attempt.


So let's dip in and see what he has to say. We then ran in 2020, we did much better than 2016. People don't like to hear it, you know, oh, he's a conspiracy theorist. You know, we got millions and millions more votes. We did much better. It wasn't even a contest. I was telling one of the papers, they said, what was the difference? I said, well, the difference is we did much, much better the second time, but we had a lot of things happen. We know what those things are. So, And Trump has now been struggling with this issue for a while, because you may remember, and I'll play this in just a little bit, Donald Trump admitted in an interview recently that he quote, lost by a whisker. So at the a BC presidential debate against Kamala Harris, the moderators asked the Donald Trump about that.


And well, this is what he said To focus truth in these times that we're living in Mr. President for three and a half years after you lost the 2020 election, you repeatedly, falsely claimed that You won many times saying You won in a landslide. In the past couple of weeks leading up to this debate, you have said, quote, you lost by a whisker that you quote didn't quite make it, that you came up a little bit short. I said that, are you now acknowledging that you lost in 2020? No, I don't acknowledge that at all. Say that said that sarcastically. You know that it was said, oh, we lost by a whisker that was said sarcastically. I think this is one of the moments during the debate where the Trump campaign staffers werere probably freaking out behind the scenes because Donald Trump just kept going into election denial mode.


You did Say that, said that sarcastically. You know that it was said, oh, we lost by a whisker that was said sarcastically. Look, there's so much proof. All you have to do is look at it and they should have sent it back to the legislatures for approval. I got almost 75 million votes. The most votes any sitting president has ever gotten. I was told if I got 63, which was what I got in 2016, you can't be beaten. The election people should never be thinking about an election is fraudulent. We need two things. We need walls, we need and we have to have it. We have to have borders, and we have to have good elections. Our elections are bad. And a lot of these illegal immigrants coming in, they're trying To, get them to vote.


They can't even speak English. They don't even know what country they're in practically. And these people are trying To get them to vote, and that's why they're allowing them to come into our country. I did watch all of these pieces of video. I I didn't detect the sarcasm lost by whisker. We didn't quite make it. And we should just point out here as clarification. And you know this, you and your allies, 60 cases in front of many judges, many of them Republican. No judge looked at it and said there was no widespread fraud. Fraud. They didn't have standing. That's the other thing they said. We didn't have standing a technicality. Can you imagine a system where a person in an election doesn't have standing, the president of the United States doesn't have standing. That's how we lost. If you look at the facts, and I'd love to have you do, you'll do a special on it.


I'll show you Georgia and I'll show you Wisconsin and I'll show you Pennsylvania, and I'll show you. We have so many facts and statistics, but you know what? That doesn't matter because we have to solve the problem that we have right now. That's old news. And the, And this is one of my favorite parts of the debate, when vice President Kamala Harris clapped back and reminded Trump that he was fired by 81 million people, Donald Trump was fired by 81 million people. So let's be clear about that. And clearly he is having a very difficult time processing that. But we cannot afford to have a president of the United States who attempts, as he did in the past, to upend the will of the voters in a free and fair election.


And I'm gonna tell you that I, I have traveled the world as vice president of the United States, and world leaders are laughing at Donald Trump. I have talked with military leaders, some of whom worked with you, and they say you are a disgrace. And when you then talk in this way in a presidential debate and deny what over and over again are court cases, you have lost because you did in fact lose that election. It leads one to believe that perhaps we do not have in the candidate to my right the temperament or, or the ability to not be confused about fact.


If you make coffee at home, get ready to discover how much better it can be. With trade as America's number one specialty coffee marketplace trade doesn't make any of its own coffees. Instead they bring together top independent roasters from small towns across the USA places you would love if you lived nearby and curate the best of the best for you to enjoy at home. As summer winds down, I'm getting back into a regular routine. Having coffee from trade doesn't just start my day. It makes it better. The beans are always freshly roasted and perfectly matched to my taste. And that's what makes the difference for me. Great coffee starts with quality beans, and that's exactly what I get from trade. You guys know I take my coffee seriously. I would not put my stamp of approval. I just, any coffee and the coffees from trade are the best of the best. Whether I'm making espresso or drip coffee trade has made my at-Home Coffee experience incredible. And I love that when I subscribe to trade, I'm supporting small businesses. They partnered with over 50 independent roasters across the country. I've tried some incredible roasts. One of my favorite right now is from a small roaster in California called Steady State. It's so smooth. I look forward to it every single morning. And what I love most is that trade makes it so easy delivering the coffee right when I need it, freshly roasted and full of flavor, that's coffee at home made better. Head to drink trade.com/midas to receive your first bag free. That's drink trade.com/m EI Ds.


Oh, by the way, so here's when Trump said the quote when he said, I lost bio whisker that he denied saying and then said he was being sarcastic about, and he basically said the same quote about don don't know, three times in the last few weeks here, play this one. You think You'll do in the debate coming up in a few Days. So I've done a lot of debating only as a politician. I never debated, my first debate was the Rosie O'Donnell debate, right? The famous Rosie O'Donnell debate the answer. But I've done well with debates. I mean I became president then the second time I got millions more votes. I only got the first time. So I was told if I got 63 million, which is what I got the first time, you, you, you would win.


You can't not win. And I got millions of more votes on that and lost by a whisker. But, and look what happened to the world with all of the wars and all of the problems. But you know, I think Vice President Kamala Harris is right. And I think the statement from her team is absolutely spot on. Americans are exhausted of the Trump show. They want to change the channel. They are sick and tired of the chaos every single day. They are sick and tired of the election denialism. And these aren't just liberal views or democratic views. The, the labels don't matter at this point, right? These are fundamental American values.


We respect our elections in this country. We do not behave like Donald Trump. So it's great to see an outpouring of support from all these Republicans. For vice President Kamala Harris, they are crossing party lines and putting country over party. And former sixth term, South Carolina Republican Congressman Bob Inglis endorsed vice President Kamala Harris. Yesterday as a big moment folks, he said that Donald Trump is a clear and present danger to the republic. He's disqualified based on character and rationality. So I'll be voting for Kamala Harris. The reason these Republican endorsements are a big deal is that it provides permission structure for other Republicans to vote for Vice President Harris.


It provides a permission structure for right-leaning moderates and independents to say, you know what? I can put country before party in this election. It is far too important to do anything else. And I wanna talk about this also, you know, this is something that Governor Tim Walls brought up recently where they say, you know what? People tell him I hate, you know, Trump's attitude, his behavior, but I love his policies. So let's talk a little bit about his policies for a second. Donald Trump wants to take us backwards, and he wants to ship American jobs overseas. As the United States of America is becoming a world leader in clean energy, Donald Trump wants to stick to gas cars only and not make a product that is actually going to be the product of the future.


So at this town hall, Donald Trump said that we have gasoline, they don't have gasoline. Why are we making a product that they dominate? We shouldn't even get into clean energy vehicles here, listen to this. And because they have the material, we don't. What we have is a thing called gasoline. We have gasoline, we have so much gasoline, we don't know what to do. They don't have gasoline. So why are we making a product that they dominate? They're gonna dominate I mean. That's one way to just completely surrender to China and to send all of our jobs overseas. Meanwhile, he is just miles away from some of the most successful clean energy vehicle plants in the entire world, saying that in Michigan, who a state that is a leader in this space, it is just so irresponsible.


And he would be sending those jobs overseas. These future proof jobs an industry that is only going to grow. Then you have Sarah Huckabee Sanders there. As I said, I still don't know why she's in Michigan. don don't know what she's doing there. And she decided to follow in JD Vance's footsteps and mock vice President Harris for not having biological children. Listen to this. So my kids keep me humble. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything. Keeping her humble I mean, that's just reprehensible stuff. That's just absolutely disgusting, disgusting stuff. And as a reminder, yesterday, Republicans voted against the right to IVF Act.


They're letting you know who they are, make no mistakes about it, okay? This is gonna be the last thing I show you. And it's insane. You know, speaking about Donald Trump and his policy positions, if you want to call them that, here is Donald Trump's response to how he'll bring grocery prices down. Somehow he ends up ranting about windmills. Mom of three, a grandmother of seven and three, great Grands, a registered nurse, Retired, retired nurse, So I. know the cost that goes into raising children and running a household. Yeah, people just can't survive.


Now how are you going to bring down the cost of food and groceries? Good Very. good Thank you. So we have to start always with energy. Always. I don't wanna be boring about it, but there's no bigger subject. It covers everything. If you make donuts, if you make cars, whatever you make, energy is a big deal. And we're gonna get that. It's my ambition. To, get your energy bill within 12 months, down 50% if I can do that. You've done a hell of a job. 5 0 5, not 15, 50. Interest rates are going to follow.


And actually they're gonna follow for another reason. The economy is now not good. And interest rates, you'll see, they'll do the rate cut and all the political stuff tomorrow, I think. And you know, will he do a half a point? Will he do a quarter of a point? But the reason is because the economy's not good. Otherwise you wouldn't be able to do it. But we're gonna get interest rates down and we gotta work with our farmers. Our farmers are being decimated right now. They're being absolutely, absolutely decimated. And you know, one of the reasons is we allow a lot of farm product into our country. We're gonna have to beat a little bit like other countries. We're not gonna allow so much com. We're gonna let our farmers go to work. And I don't know if you remember, I love the farmers because you know, I had many meetings as president.


I had this gorgeous room with this beautiful table that seats about 35 people. And I was with the farmers. Usually everybody wants something, they all want subsidy. But I was with the farmers, and I think you might've been there actually, Sarah. I said, look fellas, we're gonna get you such a beautiful subsidy, meaning I'm gonna do things. And one of the people raises in, sir, honestly, we don't want a subsidy. This is the first time this ever happened to me. Everyone wants, they want money. One, they want build windmills. We want money with these windmills. Hey, yy y. Anyway, but you know what, it was amazing. He said, almost tears in his eyes. We don't, they were getting decimated. We don't want a subsidy. We just want to, And there you have it.


Another Trump event. Another Trump disaster. Hey, Thank, you for watching these videos. We need to share this far and wide because you are the ones who can convince your friends and family the most to vote this election. So make sure that you are registered to vote. Make sure that you're subscribed to this YouTube channel. We are on the way to 3.5 million subscribers. Make sure you like this video, leave a comment and let me know what you think of this report. And as always, Thank you so much for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.