
Donald Trump and JD Vance are getting absolutely pummeled by a series of attack ads. These are some of the best yet, and they are coming fast and furious as we approach Election Day just like over a month away. I can't believe I'm saying that, but that's the truth. But that's why it's so important that right now you are sharing all these videos, you are getting the message out, and that's why this is one of my favorite segments that we do here because we get to put all these ads in one videos, so it's easy for you to just share and people could just see everything all at once. My name is Brett Mycells here with the Midas Touch Network. Let's not waste any anymore time. Let's get right into it. Here is a new spot from the Lincoln Project.


They are doing such incredible work, and this is the past week of the Republican Party. As they say, MAGA constantly blurring the lines between reality and an SNL skit Watch. Oh, there's a fly. Oh, I. wonder where the fly came from. two years ago, I wouldn't have had a fly up here. Calculators, they were calculators. She worked at McDonald's and she never worked at McDonald's. She worked at McDonald's. I didn't work there. She didn't work there, but I'm gonna go to a McDonald's. You know, they eat babies. That is not bullshit.


It's true. I could have been sunbathing on the beach. You have never seen a body so beautiful when Trump made the snap decision to go play golf. Who could have leaked the information? That person, of course, is Lindsey Graham also have A very good relationship, as you know with President Putin. It's not just the dogs and the cats. They're full on vampires Strength and godly boldness versus just, I would say the Jezebel spirit. Well, The Democratic Party spent tens of millions of dollars to make me look like a crazy person. Are you gonna Pull your endorsement in Mark Robinson? I don't know the situation. You know, It takes two to tango, You know, and everybody still thinks I'm crazy, but I'm not crazy.


They're full on vampires. They love the taste of human flesh and they drink human blood. Hundreds of thousands of patients brought into Alabama and they'll become your masters. They'll Walk into your kitchen, they'll cut your throat. Teens today have 50% of the sperm count, 50% of the testosterone as teens, American teens, two generations ago. Gay couples are not fit to raise children. That's just obviously true. Does anyone seriously disagree with that? I? guess some people do seriously disagree with that. I see a President Trump who is getting closer and closer to God. Kamala is mentally impaired.


Well, she, they, they, every one of my killer we had the great, she would've, he would've never been able To get in. By the way, if she wins, it's not gonna be so pleasant for me, but I don't care. The Harris campaign is out with a rapid response ad focused on that pivotal moment of the vice presidential debate when JD Vance refused to admit that Donald Trump lost the 2020 election Watch. It's really rich for democratic leaders to say that Donald Trump is a unique threat to democracy. When he peacefully gave over power, He is still saying he didn't lose the election. I would just say that, did he lose the 2020 election? Tim, I'm focused on the future.


That Is a damning non-answer. America. I think you've got a really clear choice of who's gonna honor that democracy and who's gonna honor Donald Trump. Hey, I'm glad they listened to us here at the Midas Touch Network. Did you catch our live post-debate coverage the other night when my brother Ben and co-founder of the Midas Touch network was telling Vice President Harris's team, you gotta cut an ad with that and let's get it everywhere. Watch this. I think that Vice President Kamala Harris's team, they've already clipped that run, that nationwide start a you, you've raised $600 million, put all $600 million in in that for for real, for real enough games, enough treating JD Vans like he's some normal thing.


This guy is a freaking mutant who changes his views over and over again, and he refuses to make a basic statement that Donald Trump lost in 20 fricking 20 in 2024. I agree with Ben and I'm happy the Harris campaign does also. Hey, if you wanna see more, by the way of our live coverage and things like that, first make sure you subscribed here on the Midas Touch YouTube channel, but also go and on audio podcasts, whatever the apps you use, apple Podcast, Spotify. Go ahead and subscribe to the Midas Touch podcast. Okay, let's get back into it. Here is Kamala Harris with another ad warning that VIIA JD Vance. It would be a heartbeat away from the presidency if Donald Trump wins and how dangerous that would be.


Check this out. I'm really concerned about JD Vance being a heartbeat away from the presidency. He's an extremist. I certainly would like abortion to be illegal nationally. A danger to our democracy. JD Vance has said he would not have certified those electors. We really need to be ruthless when it comes to the exercise of power, A danger toward fundamental freedoms. If Trump wanted to distance himself from Project 2025, why did he pick Vance? He wrote The Forward for Heritage Foundation, president Kevin Roberts new book, You may know that we're good Friends. He's Not just weird or dangerous. He could be a heartbeat away from the Oval Office. Can he Govern from prison? People should be concerned. Anon the former president.


He's been off his game Anus. He is so disoriented. What it take Betsy? Here, Tony Award-winning actor, Wendell Pierce brought his message and his voice to a powerful new ad from the Lincoln Project. Let's play this. The story of being black in in America is filled with never ending chapters of challenge driving while black banking, while black parenting while black. But what about voting while black? They always tell you, this election will be different, and it rarely is. So many promises made, promises of economic justice and social equity that never quite make it to your pocket or your porch, but this election, there really is only one choice.


This time, she is the choice. Now, I know you're thinking, I've never voted for a woman and I'm not gonna start now. Ask yourself, why not? And maybe you'll find it's not about her, is about you. What you want for your family, for your future, because if you vote for what you want, the choice becomes clear. It's common. Listen to your gut. Your heart is telling you that Kamala Harris is the right person for the job.


It's time for courage, for boldness, for it's time to come together for change. It's time to be a man. Vote for a woman.


You know, if there's anything I've learned in my career, it's that if someone is given an opportunity, their hard work can pay off. But as with anything in business, some companies do things the right way and some well don't. That's why I'm excited to partner with a brand that is doing things the right way and is living up to the true American spirit, and they're called American Giant. While many companies send jobs overseas, American Giant is pushing back. They make high quality clothing and active wear right here in the USA. I'm talking about everything from sweatshirts and jeans to jackets and dresses. It's all made with care right here at home. I've been wearing American Giant for a bit now, and the quality is unbeatable. The fabric feels amazing, and the durability. Well, I'm still wearing the same sweatshirt I got months ago, and it's just getting softer with time. They really do obsess over every detail, and you could tell that it's made to last. And my favorite part, it's more than just clothes. It's about supporting local communities and American workers. Now, if you're looking for something incredibly comfortable and durable, check out their French Terry collection from joggers to sweatshirts. It's perfect for that cozy yet put together. Look, I personally love their classic full zip hoodie. It's the piece that put them on the map with custom, heavyweight, fleece, and side panels for mobility. This hoodie is built to last. I reach for it whether I'm out for a casual day or just lounging at home. When you buy American Giant, you're not just getting high quality clothes. You're creating jobs in towns that rely on them. And right now, you could get 20% off your first first order at American Giant dot com when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's 20% off your first order at American Giant with code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Support local jobs. Get yourself some incredible clothes and feel great about what you're wearing. Thanks to American Giant for sponsoring this show.


This one is particularly powerful from the Lincoln Project. They say JD Vance targets hatred in any direction if it will get him closer to maga, even if it could harm those he loves the most. Watch. What is wrong with JD Vance? Everywhere he goes, he stirs up hate against Immigrants. Who's he married to? A daughter of Immigrants. He married her when he was still an Antit Trumper, comparing Trump to Hitler. I'm a Nevertrump guy. I never liked him. In Springfield, kids are under armed guard. Their class day photos canceled this time, it's Haitians. Next time it might be Indians.


What kind of man stirs up hate that could turn on his own children? The kind of man JD Vance is he made a fortune attacking his hometown and his own family. Now he's hating on Immigrants his own wife's family. This isn't about politics, it's about basic decency. His neighbors and his own family can't trust JD Vance. Why should America? Here's a new ad from Republican voters against Trump. They're doing such phenomenal work. I gotta say, this ad is now running as part of their final $15 million ad blitz across Arizona, Michigan, Nebraska, second District, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin.


In this ad, they say they voted for Trump before, but this year they are voting for Kamala Harris watch. I'm a two time Trump voter. I'm a former Trump voter, and in 2024, I'm voting for Kamala Harris. Harris is a former prosecutor. She's smart. I love her energy. She will support our democratic institutions. She will put her country first. Harris is going to be better For the nation than Trump. I will be, I will be. I will be voting for Kamala Harris in 2024. I will be proudly voting for Kamala Harris. Powerful stuff. And another group that is putting out incredibly powerful work is this group Evangelicals for Harris, and they're out with a new ad that I hope you watch and you share and you enjoy.


This is what they write in our new ad, Mr. Walls. Carly tells how she was a student bullied for her Christian faith until her teacher saw it happening. Tim Walls not only stopped the bullying, he took time to affirm her Christian identity and experience that inspired her to become a Texas public school teacher. Recently named Teacher of the Year, and this ad will ran nationally during the vice presidential debate. Check this out. When I was in high school, I was one of the Christian kids. I wore Jesus T-shirts. I had a cross necklace, and I was always doodling Christian symbols on my notebooks. I was bullied for this, but I had a teacher that noticed what was going on and put a stop to the bullying. That teacher was Tim Wal.


He took the time to encourage me to never be ashamed of who I was or what I believed in it was. Then I knew that he would always have my back. Mr. Walls helped me see our country as a place where everybody's welcome, that everybody's voice deserves to be heard. That experience is part of why I became a public school teacher. It's why I work each day to inspire my kids and ensure they feel safe and supported as well. This election cycle, I'm voting for Harrison Walls because when I needed someone to stand up for me, Mr. Walls was there, and I have confidence that Tim Walls and Kamala Harris will stand up for all of us.


This Evangelicals for Harris Group. This is really, really, really crucial right now. It's so great to see this group saying, Donald. Trump does not represent our values. Not one iota. Here's another ad from them just to see the incredible work they're doing. Watch. But you must realize that in the last days, the times will be full of danger. Men will become utterly self-centered and greedy for money. My whole life, I've been greedy, greedy, greedy. I've grabbed all the money I could get. I'm so greedy. They will be proud. Then abusive. You've Called women you don't like fat pigs, dogs, slobs and disgusting animals, Uncontrolled and violent, Like to punch 'em in the face.


I'll tell you, They will be treacherous, reckless, and arrogant. I am the chosen one. Loving what gives them pleasure instead of loving God, you Know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful. I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Maintain a facade of religion, but their lives deny the truth. Have you ever asked God for forgiveness? That's a tough question. I'm not sure I have. I don't bring God into that picture. I don't keep Clear of people like that. And have you seen this new ad from former Trump national Security official, Olivia Troy. If not, watch it Now. I served in Donald Trump's administration, but I know Kamala Harris is a leader.


We need to keep our country safe and strong. Throughout her career, she's gotten drug traffickers off the streets and protected vulnerable people from fraud. And as a homeland security expert, I trust her to protect the border. Kamala Harris's plan will strengthen our border security and crack down on drug smuggling and human trafficking. We need a president who's tough, who cares about the American people, and who puts the country first. That's Kamala Harris. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Here's another great one from the Harris Campaign. This individual in the ad says, I've never voted for a Democrat, but the choice is simple. I'm voting for Kamala Harris as part of their Republicans for Harris campaign watch. Bob and I both voted for Donald Trump.


I voted for him twice. I won't vote for him again. January 6th was a wake up call for me. Donald Trump divides people. We've already seen what he has to bring. He didn't do anything to help us. Kamala Harris, she cares about the American people. I think she's got the wherewithal to make a difference. I've never voted for a Democrat. Yes, We're both lifelong Republicans. The choice is very simple. I'm Voting for Kamala. I am voting for Kamala Harris. I love this messaging because this election, as we've said so many times on the show, it's truly not about Democrat, Republican, independent, moderate, what these labels simply, they do not apply. I am telling you this is about our values as Americans, our shared values that go beyond any specific policy points whatsoever.


Full stop. And that's why this ad from Kamala Harris, which by the way, I'm seeing on TV all the time, I don't know about you. This ad was so brilliant because It takes Donald Trump's deranged rant at the presidential debate and it contrasts it with Kamala Harris' message. Absolutely love this. Check it out. The dogs, they're eating the cats. They're eating the pets. This is what's happening in our country. While Trump is focused on that, Kamala Harris is focused on you. It is important that we move forward and address the needs of the American people, address the housing shortage, support our small businesses address, bringing down the price of groceries, and I pledge to you that I will.


Fff Pac is responsible for the content of this ad. So if Donald Trump is turning on his TV today or going on the internet to see what's going on, I'm sure he is not having a good time. It's great to see these ads coming out. It's great to see this variety of groups from all different kinds of backgrounds with the Harris campaign all coming out with such incredible, powerful ads that are making a difference out there. But the real difference makers are you, because you're the ones who share these messages. So here's what I need you to do right now. First, hit the subscribe button. If you've already done that, make sure that he hit the notification bell. It'll be right next to that. If you're already subscribed to this channel, share this video with friends and family. Hit the like button, leave a comment.


All of this helps tremendously in getting our message out. Alright, thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in a bit. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.