
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


Your data is like gold to hackers and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel any anytime terms apply.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and Deco.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu. Ah, I give buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you.


So


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Taya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor. If Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


Trump voters are in the find out stage and Donald Trump hasn't even been inaugurated yet. Seeing posts all over like this, the Gulf of Mexico becoming the Gulf of America. Donald, what are you even talking about? How about the Gulf of how does this lower prices, Donald, the Trump supporters are saying, we never heard you talking about annexing Canada or Greenland or taking over Panama or changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to Gulf of America. You promised to lower prices. Oh, wait a minute, Donald, you're now quoted in all of these interviews saying that you can't lower the prices, that that's not going to happen.


So you just completely lied. And mortgage rates are gonna go back up, which they already are because the bond market sees volatility with Donald Trump. Wait a minute, Donald, you're not gonna make housing more affordable. Wait a minute, you're not going to bring jobs here. Wait a minute. You are doing a complete shift and change on your view of H one B visas. Didn't you say that you are gonna get America these type of jobs, but now you're saying Americans are too dumb to do the job. So you need the H one B Visa program to be expanded to bring in talent from India because you say Americans are not smart enough to be engineers. Didn't you promise Americans these jobs, Donald and oh, now you're saying you always supported the H one B visa program.


No, your policy and your ideas have just completely changed. AKA. You are a liar. Take a look at here. Some of these other Trump supporters I voted for, bro, I voted for Trump, I voted for bro, but Gulf of America sounds so crap. What the F does renaming the Gulf of Mexico have anything to do with anything? What are you talking about, Donald? I am worried about how I'm going to be able to afford to live with my two children. I'm worried about policies. Get the F out of here Donald. And here's the way you need to respond. When Donald Trump does all of these WMDs weapon of mass distraction stuff, okay, cool, bro.


But how is this gonna lower prices? Cool, bro. How is this gonna make housing more affordable? Cool, bro. You said you were going to eliminate inflation. President Biden was bringing it down with the inflation reduction act. But what are you going to do to reduce the prices of things? Cool, bro. Egg prices are still going up. Cool, bro. Housing is not affordable. Cool, bro. All of your billionaire oligarch buddies are like mocking and laughing us. How is that supposed to help us? Cool, bro. So Elon Musk's entire strategy with you to derail the continuing resolution is because you wanted to get rid of a provision that would've created more restrictions from American companies to do business in China.


Huh? I thought you said you were going to be tough on China. Oh, wait a minute. You're just trying to help your corporate oligarch buddies from Mar-a-Lago do more deals with President Xi Jinping? Huh? Cool. Cool, bro. Didn't you say you were going to end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours, but now you've already canceled the meeting with Ukraine and you have some now undefined timeline with Vladimir or Putin and when you're going to meet with him, but Putin said he's not going to do a deal unless there's complete and total capitulation by Ukraine. So cool, bro. Seems like you've lied. So bro. Cool bro. You said you were going to stop World War III from happening, which isn't happening, but now you're going to start sending our troops, you're gonna start sending young Americans and other Americans to fight wars in Canada, Denmark, Greenland, Panama.


That, that that's what you are doing. That's cool, bro. That, that, that's your plan, bro. Here's some additional posts from Trump supporters, H one B and his disgusting rhetoric about Mexico, Canada, Greenland, and Panama. The more he spews that imperialist nonsense, the more I regret my vote for him. He didn't say any of this bullshit during the campaign trail. I wonder why. Oh yeah, because this shit isn't popular with Americans. We want an anti-war and pro peace president that will work with nations not threat, threaten annexation and attacks. Trump isn't even president yet, and I'm slowly regretting my vote. Now, even with a comment like this, you're slowly regretting it.


What would make you quickly regret it? Because all of these things that he's doing seem to be kind of deal breakers, right? I mean, he's gonna, what do drafts to send you to war against Denmark that's slowly making you change your opinion or, I don't know. To me it pretty quickly, I, I dunno. Trump kinda lost me back in 2012 and 20 2008 or maybe before that. He lost me in the early nineties when he bankrupted most of the companies and he said horrific things about women. And you know, I was paying attention. You know, aren't you guys like do your own research? I did my research about this guy's background and business, and when I did my research, it turns out he screwed workers his whole life.


That he was born with a golden spoon in his mouth, still bankrupted. Most of the companies he touched was a complete and utter failure. Hung out with Jeffrey Epstein, used Mar-a-Lago or had Mar-a-Lago as a location where Epstein found the woman who Epstein eventually trafficked Trump would talk about going into the locker rooms to look at girls naked during his beauty pageants. I think we, we knew who the sicko was. That was the deal breaker to me. But it wasn't a deal breaker to you in 2016 when he would mock disabled reporters. It wasn't a deal breaker to you. After 2020 when he led an insurrection, mishandled Covid said like a miracle. It was all going to go away.


What, what? That that weren't, weren't deal breaker things when he added $8 trillion in debt. And you know, for all of you are saying, oh, be Donald Trump is promising no tax on tips. But like, do you remember what happened during the first Trump administration? Or was there this collective amnesia by you where you forget that Trump's policy during Trump administration won, was no tips that your tips belong to your boss? So perhaps when Donald Trump was saying no tax on tips, there were no tips. And perhaps this was a way to allow bosses to take your tips and then claim it as a way as tax-free income. I don't, I mean a little, you guys do your research.


So what happened with your research? You think the billionaire Donald Trump, who brags about his money, who hates workers, who is screwed unions, is now gonna be pro-union and like workers. Why? Because he brought cold pizza to firefighters. You think he likes, he thinks he likes you when he screws firefighters from getting the money they deserve from nine 11. Really? You, you think he's gonna support you as a veteran when he mocks John McCain and calls veteran suckers or loser? I mean, the, the, the, the comment here about your're slowly regretting your vote, maybe it should be more quicker. He goes on to say, other people are like you were warned.


Trump never spoke about these topics until after he was elected. How was I supposed to know it's not true? He talked about all this stuff. There was a Trump administration won.


Today's episode is brought to you by Ollie Clean, fresh nutrition your dog needs in five incredible flavors. They'll absolutely flip over finger pup. Real whole foods with minimal processing. It's one of the best choices you can make for their health. In fact, studies show that a perfectly portioned fresh food diet can extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who doesn't want more time with her best friend? Let me tell you about my pup mochi. She's a bundle of energy and love, but finding the right food has always been a challenge. Either it's filled with all these questionable fillers, or let's face it, she's a very stubborn shihtzu who is very picky about what she eats and has very high standards. But with Ali, that's all changed. Their meals are made in US kitchens with fresh, carefully sourced ingredients and absolutely no harmful fillers or preservatives because Ali gently cooks their food and delivers it fresh. There's no need for shelf life, extending preservatives, just clean, wholesome nutrition. Ali offers five protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries, and fresh lamb with cranberries. Honestly, every time I open LLI pack, I think, wow, is my dog eating better than I am? And let's be real. She probably is. Here's how it works. You take Ollie's 32nd quiz to tell 'em about your dog, their weight activity level on health needs. Ollie then uses that info to create a personalized meal plan with expert recommendations. First timers will get a starter box with two weeks worth of meals and a guy transitioning your pup to their new diet. Plus you can customize your plan with options like a full fresh plan, a topper plan, and even freshly baked recipes. Hey, they've got treats and supplements too, by the way. Give your puppy fresh start this new year with Ollie. Head to Ollie dot com slash midas. Tell them all about your dog, and use that code Midas to get 60% off your first BOX of meals when you subscribe today. And don't worry, Ali offers a clean bowl guarantee on the first box. If you're not completely satisfied, you'll get your money back. That's OLLI e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And use that code Midas for 60% off your first box. Start your dog's New Year off right with Ali.


Oh, another person goes, I regret voting for you. Next election is time, time to go blue. You are no man of God. As God respects building bridges. You're an imposter. I pray that God forgives you because I won't. You are a two tongue snake. No, and, and, and by the way, this anti Harris professor, his name is Hassan Abdal Sala at the University of Minnesota. He said to people, do not vote for vice President Kamala Harris do not support other people. And so now he's like, well, you know, maybe it wasn't a good idea to support Trump because perhaps Trump's cabinet is more extreme than I thought.


By the way, have you heard what Trump said? Trump saying that if President Biden does not bring the hostages back from Gaza before Trump takes office, that Trump will unleash hell in Gaza. I mean, how much more hell can you unleash in Gaza than has already been unleashed in Gaza? Okay, Donald Trump doesn't support a two-state solution. Donald Trump picked as his ambassador to Israel. Mike Huckabee, a guy who says Palestine should not exist. So I is, is that a slow deal breaker? Do you, If you support Palestine and you have options, right? On the one hand, vice President Kamala Harris, who I get, you could say certainly, certainly by no means perfect or, or great as it relates to the issue for you.


But I think you can say she supports a two state solution. She is trying to reign in Netanyahu. Or do you wanna vote for Trump? Who said, who put someone who says Palestine shouldn't even exist? Or do you want to go with Kamus as two state solution? Which, which one are you gonna go? Someone like Trump who says he'll do anything, the Netanyahu says, well, what, what? What do you think? Anyway, I digress even more. Also now, Americans are waking up to how bad Trump's universal tariffs will be from the University of Michigan consumer sentiment survey. Now the share of consumers who are worried about the prospect of tariff hikes continues to rise. Nearly one third of consumers spontaneously mentioned tariffs as a major concern.


And now there's also a big jump in inflation expectations for next year. So people think that tariffs will be a major problem and people think Trump will cause more inflation. Now, by the way, so do the Feds and so does the Federal Reserve. Rather, federal Reserve officials are worried about Trump's inflation impacts from Trump's policies. The Minute show Federal Reserve officials at their December meeting expressed concern about inflation and the impact that Donald Trump's policies could have, including that they would be moving more slowly on interest rate cuts because of the uncertainty. Minutes released Wednesday showed, without calling out Trump by name, the meeting summary featured at least four mentions about the impact that changes in immigration and trade policy could have on the US economy.


Since Trump's November election victory, he has signals, plans for aggressive punitive tariffs on China, Mexico, and Canada, as well as other US trading partners, which he says he's gonna put in on day one. So on the one hand you have that, on the other hand, you have President Biden, who on Friday announced the US added 256,000 jobs in December. Surpassing expectations, bringing the total for 2024 to 2.2 million unemployment rate dipped to 4.1%. Wages grew 3.9% over the past year, far outpacing inflation. And President Biden created 16.6 million jobs during his term in office.


But on the other hand, Donald Trump held a press conference on Thursday where he said Jeff Bezos came. Bill Gates came, mark Zuckerberg came. Many of them came numerous times. The bankers have all come. Everybody is coming. That's what Donald Trump said about all these, all of his friends who are visiting him at Mar-a-Lago. So you think when Donald Trump's talking about all these billionaires coming at at him in Mar-a-Lago, that he cares about the workers, the people who want to destroy the workers are coming on. Trump are coming to Trump, and they're saying that.


I mean, and you think, huh? Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Leopards are eight in your face. Y'all leopards are eight in your face. Love this video. Make sure You stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.