
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Bael gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael Right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at babel do com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NB playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck, GPT. What do You know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus in Impress, in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next with Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself an ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner. I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis X.com.


Them dems are added against some scathing cross examination of these magar Republican witnesses and particularly these Trump cabinet members, one by one testifying and democratic senators smacking them down Democratic house members smacking them down. Let's talk about what went down Democratic Senator Chris Murphy, who's just been crushing it lately on a tear of MAGA frauds, liars and Grifters hears Senator Murphy laying down the law with RFK Jr. Watch what goes down, play this Clip appropriated by Congress for the purpose of vaccination programs.


That is not what happened. You've done the opposite. You canceled $12 billion in grants to the states, including my state that are used to administer and track vaccines. You promised Chairman Cassey, When did I do that? Madam Chair, would you allow me to finish my question? Keep Going with question. When did I do that? Let, let, let me, let me, let me finish my question Accusation, Just tell me when I did it so I can understand what the question Is. You have canceled, you have canceled $12 billion in public health grants to states, whether You know this or not, that funding is used by the states in part to be able to administer and dispense information about vaccines.


Lemme Give Mr. Secretary, lemme give you, lemme lemme give you the full panoply of Said The things you said before this committee that didn't turn out to be true. You also promised Chairman Cassidy that the FDA would not change vaccine standards from quote historical norms. But what happened as soon as you were sworn in, you announced new standards for vaccine approvals that you proudly referred to in your own press release as a radical departure from current practice. And experts say that that departure will delay approvals. You also said specific to the measles vaccine that you support the measles vaccine, but you have consistently been undermining the measles vaccine.


You told the public that the vaccine wanes very quickly. He went on the Dr. Phil show and said that the measles vaccine was never fully tested for safety. You said there's fetal debris in the measles vaccine and this morning, all True, all true This morning in front of Do you want me to lie to the public? That's not, none of that is none of, Of course it's true. Of course it's true. You, Senator Egging your property, I'll submit you do not know what you're talking about. Submit for the record. Let's have a little bit of order So that you can get your question. He can get I didn't ask, I I didn't ask for a response yet. I understand that. I'd like to lay out the predicate of my question before I'm interrupted by the witness. He should ahead respect for this committee. Go Ahead.


Just this morning in front of the House of Representatives, you also said that you in fact, would not recommend that kids get vaccinated for measles. You said you would just lay out the pros and cons. Okay, so this is the, the summation of everything that you have said to compromise people's faith in the measles vaccine in particular is contrary to what you said before this committee. You said you support the measles vaccine, but then you have laid out a set of facts that are contested. And I will submit information for the record from experts who can test what you've said about the vaccine and the result is to undermine faith in the vaccine. It's kind of like saying, listen, I think you should swim in that lake, but You know, the lake is probably toxic and there's probably a ton of snakes and alligators in that lake, but I think you should swim in it.


What A humiliating appearance, not just for RFK Jr. Who's the Secretary of Health and Human Services, but for the entire regime and frankly the entire United States of America, having someone so pathetic, by the way, who also testified, do not rely on me for any medical or health guidance. Dude, you're the Secretary of Health and Human Services. He goes, you, you don't want to follow my advice on vaccines. I know we don't. That's why you're not qualified for that position. Let's take a look at Democratic Senator also Brooks from Maryland play this clip. Well then you can you name sir, which office? The Safe to Sleep campaign operates out of Which campaign?


Well, that's the one that the senator just asked you about two minutes ago that prevents babies from dying in their sleep. A 30 year program inside your agency. You would agree that it's important. I think It's part of HRSA or a CF. It's a CF. No, actually it's in Health and Human Services. Yeah. And I think, and again, They're all within Health and Human Services, but the subdivision is a CF No, actually the name of the Ation of Children and Families. No, let me tell you what it is. The National Institute of Child Health and Human Development. This is actually the one that your aunt Eunice Kennedy Shriver is the person who it's named after. And you, you noted just a moment ago, the senator reminded you that although this is a very important agency, prevents babies from dying.


This is the same one. You fired every single person in this office as of April the first. You see, he doesn't even know the most basic, basic things. Let's take a look at Democratic Senator Murray. Let's play this clip, But to delay her treatment by an additional four weeks. Now, an extra four weeks may not sound like a long time, but I will tell you for stage four cancer patients like Natalie, this could mean the difference between life and death. Secretary Kennedy, how many staff have been cut from the nihs Clinical Center? I want a specific number. I can't tell you that now, Senator, what I can tell you is that if you contact my office tomorrow, I'll look specifically into that.


Well, that, that is not acceptable. I want an answer back by that. She deserves it. I do it. She doesn't have much time. Oh, she deserves an answer back. And What wouldn't you rather get her into that clinical trial as fast as you can? Absolutely. And I Wanna, alright, so Chloe, if you contact my office tomorrow, this is a, if that happened, you, you're here To defend your budget. I'm here to ask you questions about the impact of that. That's how you do it. But you just ask the simple questions and you'll see that people like RFK Jr have no clue what the hell he is talking about. And here, under more questioning, RFK Jr admits that NIH cuts will hurt people.


Surprise, surprise. When you cut the National Institute of Health and the Center for Disease Control. Yeah. When you start firing the people who look over infectious diseases. Yeah. Similarly, when you get rid of people who deal with emergency disaster relief like fema, that's bad. And now it's a ticking time bomb waiting for the next disaster to unfold. Here, play this clip. You Don't care. You're Mr. You don't care about Natalie. I'll claim my, I've offered to help Natalie. I I am asking you a question and it is critical. You are here to defend cutting NIH by half. Do you genuinely believe that that won't result in more stories like Natalie's?


I think the cuts that were, that are now proposed by NIH are gonna hurt. I think that President Trump, You know, listen, there's no agency had in the government like myself that wants to see their budget cut. Well, and I asked you, have you personally assessed what this is doing to patients? And I'm telling you one story of one person, it is impacting life or death situation. I think It's, you want me to answer your question, Senator? Well, You did. I I'm not, you have not allowed me to answer it. Well, I will just say that it is my job to be a voice for people like Natalie and countless other patients who are like her.


So you've gotta fix this. I wanna know, and I want a personal update on Natalie's case, and you offered that. Please give that to me in the next 24 hours. And I expect details and transparency about the state of NIH clinical care. You contact my office senator and I will do it. I, you could contact everything in my power to try to get Natalie to try to get Natalie into that Add.


I got, listen, I'm the resident coffee geek Kira Midis. You all know that. So believe me when I say I wouldn't endorse just any coffee, but when I tried trade, I knew it was on a whole different level. Let's be real coffee's more than just a drink. It gives me life. And I refuse to settle for anything less than extraordinary. Here's what I love. Trade is the number one US coffee destination partnering with over 50 of the best roasters across the country. You just take a quick quiz, literally under a minute, and they match you with a coffee that's tailored to your taste. And if the first bag doesn't hit the mark, trade will replace it for free until they get it right. That's real right there. Every bag is roasted to order. So you taste the freshness in every single cup and the prices is right on par with the grocery store, but the quality is next level. Plus you're supporting local roasters. It's a total win-win. They recently sent me this incredible Ethiopian roast from Temple Coffee Roasters outta Sacramento. It had notes, a milk chocolate, even a little berry fruit. I mean, it smelled insane the moment I opened the bag and somehow it tasted even better. Right now, trade is exclusively offering our listeners 50% off your one month trial@drinktrade.com slash midas. That's drink trade.com/midas, MEI ds for 50% off drink trade.com/midas.


Next up, you even have a Republican senator, Senator Cassidy here asking a very basic question of RFK Jr. How will the NIH successfully do more with less? You fired all these people. So how are you going to do better? To which RFK Junior said, well, we got rid of diversity, so we got rid of diversity, so we're gonna be much better. China doesn't have diversity. The hell is this guy talking about play this clip. How will the NIH successfully do more with less how we build those new scientists to find these cures and to compete with geopolitical rivals? Well, for one thing, Senator Cassie, you're talking about neurodegenerative disease now is, For example, a LS or Alzheimer's Aals, right?


The Chinese are not, are not spending on a lot of money on DEI and they're, and we are cutting those studies. We're cutting studies on gain of function studies and we're cutting, we're cutting grants to foreign sciences from adversarial countries and particularly the Chinese, which have the thousand talents program, which is openly trying to exploit US research and, and take our ip. If you wanna know what's really going on and what you should be worried about because of your cuts, because of your hateful and despicable rhetoric, your attack on science and scientists and researchers, You know, who's recruiting our scientists, China, South Korea, Taiwan, Europe, Canada.


They're out there saying, look, make a lot of money in our countries. Being a scientist and a researcher, the United States is no longer friendly to science. They attack and hate science. Look what the US is doing to universities and Harvard. Just look what they're doing. Come to our country, we'll pay you well, we'll give you the life you deserve. So now we're having reverse brain drain where there used to be brain drain from the rest of the world and America would get the best and brightest scientists and researchers and academics and inventors. Now they're leaving the United States and they're being recruited by China and other countries. That's what's going down. Let me show you what went down when Senator Bernie Sanders was questioning RFK Jr.


Play this clip. 68,000 people a year die because they don't get to a doctor when they should. Is healthcare a human right? Will you work with us to guarantee healthcare every man, woman and child in America? Well, I think you're asking two different questions. You're asking a philosophical question about whether it is a human life like a constitutional right. As an attorney, I would say that it's not a right of a kind that we otherwise enshrine in the Constitution because healthcare costs your neighbor money. If I smoke cigarettes for 20 years, I make that choice, which is my choice.


I don't mean to, You know, I don't have a lot of time, so I just, what I am here. But I, if you ask a que if you're asking me a philosophical question, I gotta, You know, give you a thoughtful answer Within 30 seconds. Yeah, it's a problem. So it's not like freedom of speech, which cause You know, everybody but Every other country, Mr. Secretary, every other country guarantees healthcare to all people as a right. Should we as Americans, The objective is to get Americans a le the level of healthcare that they, that they want the choice which Americans want. Americans They don't want the choice to be uninsured. Well, but they Don't want the choice to die because they don't get to a doctor.


Americans prefer private insurance to, to other insurance sources. Now our friend here at the Midas Touch Network, Senator Tammy Baldwin, got her shot at questioning RFK Jr play this clip. The request for federal assistance was denied because of lack of staff. The entire childhood led poisoning branch has been fired in the words of a Milwaukee mom, it really sends a message of you don't matter. I don't know what you would say to parents who must now test their children for lead and deal with school closures. But do you intend to eliminate this branch at CDC?


Yes or no? No, we do not. Okay. Because you cannot tell us that you wanna make America healthy again when you are willfully destroying programs that keep children safe and healthy from lead poisoning. Congress dedicated $51 million in funding for this particular program. But when a community asks for help to prevent lifelong complications for children and there is no one there to pick up the phone, and it's not because this program is ineffective, it's because you fired the entire team whose job it is to support communities like Milwaukee.


If that money has been appropriated, we will spend that money. If it's been appropriate to Milwaukee, we will spend it in Milwaukee. I've spent a lot of time in Milwaukee Working on it's to provide expert and the the entire staff has been hi fired. Second, Another great clip. You senator also, Brooks, let's play it. You've been unable to answer specific questions, sir, you are the wrong person for this job. And you had had in this hearing today, the unmitigated goal to say at the beginning of your testimony that China is ahead of the United States in healthcare because China does not have DEII Didn't say that. Well, we can roll back the tape. You absolutely Did say, and you'll find I didn't Say that.


That is absolutely what you said. I I was talking about science. I didn't say they're a US they're ahead of us in some forms of science, certainly not in healthcare. And here's our friend at the Midas Touch Network, democratic Congress member from California, Congressman Garcia, Robert Garcia. Here's what he had to say to Christie Nome, miss Dog Killer Cosplayer herself. Let's play this clip Now. Madam Secretary, I want you've heard this case today, but I have to, I have to speak about it one more time. I think it's really important. This is Andrew Romero. He had an appointment to come to this country to claim asylum. We gave him that appointment. The United States government gave him his asylum appointment.


He comes for his appointment. He passes a credible fear interview. He's a gentle person as described by his family. He's openly gay. He was leaving his country for persecution of being gay. He did everything right, claimed asylum that was legal. And then we sent him to a dangerous prison at the border with no due process. There are claims about his tattoos. He has his parents' names on his tattoos and two crowns that relate to a festival back in his hometown. We are paying to lock this young gentleman up forever. What I would ask is the ambassador in El Salvador, we have asked for proof of life of Andrew. He has had no access to lawyers or family since he has been taken over a month now no one knows if he's even alive.


His mother just wants to know if he is alive. So my ask to you is, Madam Secretary is the same that I asked the ambassador. Can we do a proof of life check on Andrew just to see if he's alive? Congressman, we are utilizing the tools that Congress has given us to apply due process to individuals. We are doing that for every person, and we are making sure that we're following what you have given us as far as guidance, how things should be implemented. Would you commit to just letting his mother know as a mother to mother, if Andrew is alive, he was given an asylum appointment by the United States government. We gave him an appointment. We should Andrew come to the border at this time to claim asylum.


He was taken to a foreign prison in El Salvador. His mother just wants to know if he's alive. Can we check and do a, a wellness check On him? Our our asylum applications are different than the granting of asylum. And I don't know the specifics of this individual case. And this individual is in El Salvador. And the appeal would be best made to the president and to the government of El Salvador on this. We, We, we've, we've made that this Is not under my jurisdiction. And Madam Secretary, you have, you have said that you, that that she caught in El Salvador is one of the tools in the toolbox that you have, you have said that has been quoted as saying that you, you and the president have the ability to check if Andrew is alive and if not being harmed, would you commit at least into looking and asking El Salvador if he is alive? This Is a question that's best asked to the president and the government of El Salvador Asked.


And I think it's, I think You know very well that you could ask that question. What you are choosing to do. Madam Secretary is disregard this young man's life, this young man's family who was given an appointment by the United States. I think it is shameful that you won't even request to see if this young man is alive. His family has no idea, has no access to lawyers. I would hope that we would have the humanity, the humanity to just check if this young man is okay with that. I yield back. It's shameful. Next up, the freshman Democratic senator from New Jersey. Senator Kim had his shot asking RFK Junior some questions. Let's play it. Hey, I had a town hall. I had a fire captain show up to this town hall, somebody who worked at Ground zero.


And he is somebody who said he was diagnosed with cancer. He said he's on borrowed time and he was livid, absolutely livid about what he said. The administration gutting the World Trade Center Health program. And we've talked through some of these cuts that have happened before. Some staff cuts, some may be brought back on the administrator. Cut. I I just need to hear from you. I promise this fire captain. I'd ask you about this. What in the world happened? Why was the staff cut for this program? What are we to expect going forward? I restored the staff to that program. Why Was it cut to start with?


It was, You know, it was part of the overall budget cuts. Our agency was asked to make very, very serious budget cuts that were gonna be painful and, and some of them should not have been made. And that was one that should not have. And I reversed it. Were you unaware or were you aware that the decision to cut NIOSH staff would cut that World Trade Center Health program? Well, You know, my, the, my agency is the biggest agency in government. It's twice the size of the Pentagon. It's represents about 20% of the US economy.


We have hundreds of institutes and subagencies. We try to be as careful as we can about what we cut and what we didn't. We made a couple of mistakes. No, I don't think, Think we were trying to be as careful as you can. I mean, that's the problem that we've seen by rushing these decisions. You know, this was, I know early in your time there, Senator, I understand, I understand that if you look at this from a distance, you'd say, why don't you just do this surgically and cut one person at a time. The, the we, this agency has grown so big, so fast and everybody who comes in says, I'm gonna cut it down and nobody's been able to do it.


So, so where there, there was, there, there was an understanding that the longer that you wait, the more the inertia kicks in. And we had to act quickly So that we can do something for the American people that is lasting. And we understood that there would be some mistakes made and that we would go back and reverse them when they were made. But it was more important to decisive action quickly that could eliminate the, the metastasizing of this agency to, You know, which was growing and growing, growing as our health decline. So where is this going to land now? Can you tell us Right now that the staffing of the World Health Trade Center Health program will go back to where was before you became secretary?


That program will continue. There'll be continuity in that program. On the other hand, you had Senator Holly from Missouri Magar Republican used his questioning as Aaron Rupert says, to push RFK Junior into further restricting risin. That's how they're spending their time play this clip, The incidents of Sirius Adverses health events. So my question to you is this, you previously testified to the committee that you would do a, a top to bottom review of Mifa Presto. Presto is subject to a REMS currently. You have said you'll do a top to bottom review. Do you continue to stand by that and don't you think that this new data shows that, that the need to do a review is in fact very pressing?


I think the, the new data, first of all, it validates the cast study, which previously probably the most comprehensive data that we've seen on it. And it is, and it's alarming and clearly it indicates that at very least the label should be changed. I've asked Marty McCarey, who's the director of FDA, do a complete review and to report back. Good. Now this is the actual quote that just came from, as I said earlier, from Trump's Secretary of Health and Human Services. My opinions for vaccines are irrelevant. I don't think people should take medical or health advice from me.


You are the Secretary of Health and Human Services here play this clip. One Thing that might be helpful is you've previously said you've vaccinated your children. Just because I think this is a helpful answer and this isn't a gotcha, I promise. If you had a child today, would you vaccinate that child for measles? For measles? Probably for measles. I, I, You know, what I would say is my opinions about vaccines are irrelevant. I chara Sure. No, I, like I said, I don't want to So that everybody can make that decision. But I, You know, I don't wanna beas seem like I'm being evasive. Yeah, but I don't think people should be taking advice, medical advice from me.


Right. No, I got that. And I'm not asking you to give them advice, but would you vaccinate your child for measles? Think I answer that question directly that it will seem like I'm giving advice to other people and I don't wanna be doing that. I want people to make. Okay. But that's kind of your jurisdiction. 'cause CDC does give advice, right? I'm not tried with Doge it as a Gotcha. Just gonna, Yeah. And I just wanna show you too, what's brewing with these MAGA Republicans like maga, Republican, Mark Alford right here. So they're fighting with each other over the fact that the MAGA Republicans in the house, by and large want to get rid of Medicaid Right now, Medicaid's on the chopping blocks, if you look at what's going on in the Energy and Commerce Committee, $880 billion in Medicaid getting cut, you will lose your Medicaid the way it is Right now.


Period. Full stop there. There, there's no ambiguity of what is actually happening Right now. Now, vulnerable members in Congress, like some members in New York, for example, in other seats, they're worried that it could look bad if people lose Medicaid. They're not worried about people suffering and dying. They're worried about it looking bad and, and then you have the other MAGA Republican congress members who don't care if it looks bad and they don't care if their own people are gonna lose Medicaid in their states. They're just saying, we want our people to die in our states because they like to see death and cruelty. I mean, just listen to what magar Republican Mark Alford's saying here, play this clip.


Thanks for having me on. I have nothing but the utmost respect for Senator Josh Hawley. We just dropped his bill in the house today. The Pelosi Act, which bans members of Congress from trading individual stocks we're aligned on that. We're not aligned on the terminology, let's put it that way. For Medicaid. He calls 'em cuts. I call 'em savings. Look, we are kicking 1.4 million illegal aliens off of this program. 1.6 million Americans are now enrolled in Medicaid in at least two different states. We are finding the savings in these programs to come up with $900 billion of what's gonna be eight 80. They've come up with 900 billion over 10 years saving So that we can properly fund the program for people who are truly in need of these services.


Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think about all of this. But again, Democrats with some brilliant, sharp pointed direct cross-examination, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thank you for watching. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.