
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets, terms and conditions apply At the top of the show. I think it's important that we say Happy Veterans Day and acknowledge the service of all of our veterans. You may not know this about me and my brothers, but our grandpa, grandpa Murray, who's no longer with us, he flew 32 separate missions during World War ii, won a purple heart You.


see the list of his missions right there. It's why we have our mission to protect, preserve, and defend our democracy here. And it's why our work, your work is needed more than ever right now. So let's get into it. A lot of people right now are Googling, can I take my vote back? Project 2025 are mass deportations really going to happen? Things to buy before tariffs. As we told you, Elon Musk was saying, we, the people will be suffering hardship while they, the billionaires and oligarchs have already doubled and tripled their wealth. Especially all of those private prisons like Geo and others who are making tons of money right now at the speculation of mass deportations.


Look, we're on the front lines here, not just of the resistance, but on truly fighting back and moving forward. I wanna share with you, this video has gone viral Brett, you did a video about it early in the day. I could probably share with everybody. I would say thousands of videos that I'm now seeing all over like this. But I think this one is fairly symbolic of the types of videos we're seeing where individuals who voted basically for Trump and against their family members are now in the find out stage here. Let's play this video, guys. I'm not crying happy tears. I'm not gonna be apologetic for being excited because if it was the other way around, all of the Kamala supporters would celebrate.


I wanna say that first. I'm very relieved because I voted what I believe in and I felt heavy on my heart that it's the right thing. So knowing that it was the decision the American people made, I'm relieved and I'm very happy, very, very happy. Okay? It's the very first day of finding out the election results. All of us are happy. I'm very happy, but I'm not going to continue to post about it, but I'm also not gonna be sorry about it. And I always talked about how my family, sorry, I don't wanna make this more than once. I always talked about how my family had different beliefs, my grandma and my mom and my sister, and how we always got along and I wore my grandma's sweater to go low.


And I am so sorry. I'm trying not to cry, okay? But my heart's broken. Try Not to cry. Yeah, try it. My grandma just sent me a very sad text. It broke my heart and my mom has yet to text me back today. And my, My point in making this video is to say that I am very happy and I expressed how happy I was. And I'm not gonna be sorry for that. I'm completely heartbroken that my family is taking it how they are.


I never did this to them when Biden won. Never. But I am done with political posts from here on out. It's back to normal if you don't like me because of who I voted for. And you have to unfollow. Go ahead. My own fa my own family unsubscribed from my life. So you can too, I promise it doesn't get worse than that. It does get worse than that for we the people and specifically for marginalized communities. And if you want to talk about privilege, you hear at the end where she goes, okay, back to normal.


Now. Well, it's not gonna be back to normal for the Latinos whose job sites are about to be rated when mass deportation exercises take place. And nor is it going to be back to normal for literally tens of millions of Americans who the Trump administration is going to target. And Ben, whereas President Biden tried to uplift Brett Jordy. Well, here is the, you know, the major, the fundamental difference and the fatal flaw to her entire argument there. It's, you know, she, she works in there. You know, I never did this to my family when Biden won. When you have an election and you have two different sides of an election, and one side results in stripping away the rights of certain people and the other does not, these are not two equal things.


And I think that is one of the big things. And one of the things that upsets me so much about this election is that if Vice President Kamala Harris won this election, there's nobody in this country who should be worried that they are under attack. There's nobody in this country who should be worried about their personal freedoms, about their future, about where they stand in this country. But with Donald Trump, there are a whole bunch of people who now have to be extremely worried and have the right to be worried and should be worried about what is going to happen in the future. And so when you see those tears, you, you know, imagine how the folks on the receiving end of Donald Trump's policies feel right now in the wake of this election with the gravity of what we see.


And we're already starting to see, by the way, you know, as Trump's assembles his cabinet, and the people who are going to surround him, who are going to be running the show here, we are seeing a reason why everybody's fears were completely warranted as we, as each day passes here. So it's just such a false dichotomy that she is presenting right there, Jordy. How, how are you doing? What, what, what's your take? Yeah, I mean, look, you look at that And, it's just, it's, it's absurd, right? It's just totally shameless what that person saying up there on screen. And it's like, you know, check your privilege at the door. You, I'm just gonna go back to, to posting my regular stuff. Sorry if you're mad about who I voted for, it's like, hey, to Ben's point, exactly. There are marginalized communities out there right now that that can't go to, you know, day as usual, who now have to live with the consequences of the person that's gonna be in charge.


Utterly, utterly despicable, and just a total lack of self-awareness. Speaking about a lack of self-awareness. What's the term that the youngsters use these days? De Lulu, like delusional. There are still people out there though, who are within the communities that are being targeted. Why is this that make me just sound extra? Do I love when you, I love when you connect with the youngsters. Hello? You didn't, you didn't sound a day over 80 there. You know how the youngsters are saying young, this new phrase they're saying, they say, the kids say ulu ulu. You know what? Someone else who's ulu well spill.


Look, it means delusional and I mean. Look, when I still see the Latino voter speaks to the definition, when I see the Latino voters for Trump, still, like I saw this interview today on CNN where this Latino voter for Trump, he's wearing all of his Trump gear and he's like, look, Trump's not gonna go after people who are family oriented. There's an exemption. If you're family oriented, then you are abuela and abuela and they are all good 'cause they're family oriented here. Play this clip. If they let in hundreds of thousands of people who already have criminal records, if deporting them, create some mass deportation, I'm all for it.


But what if rounded up in all of that are people who work on a farm, they're doing the jobs that Americans don't wanna do. Does that, does that worry you? That wouldn't be fair. Of course, you know, they need to make sure that they don't throw away, they don't kick out, they don't deport people that are, that are family oriented. Their literal plan is to deport anybody who is here, number one who doesn't have papers. Number two, who may have some temporary legal status or some legal status, but they don't view as citizens. And then three, they're going to denaturalize people who are already citizens, but who became citizens by way of birth in the United States.


And that's one of their procedures that they want to go through. Just take a look at what Charlie Kirk. Charlie Kirk posted moments ago. He says, Tom Holman. So let's be clear, just to rewind briefly. So today Donald Trump nominated to not nominated a appointed. There's no, I think Donald Trump's gonna go, he's not gonna do nomination processes in, well, we'll talk about that in a bit as well. But he declared that Tom Holman is his border czar. Tom Holman previously ran ice. Tom Holman was the person who came up with the family separation policies. And over the past three and a half years, Tom Holman was the person who talked about bloody mass deportation exercises.


And he's used word to the effect, if you saw what we did back with the family separations in 20 17, 20 18, 20 19, 20 20, you're not even gonna believe direct quote, the shit we're going to do if Trump gets back in power. So this is one of the first people, Donald Trump picked Tom Holman. And already today, Tom Holman's talking about going into workplaces and rounding up people in their places of work. And let's take a look at what Charlie Kirk's saying. By the way, family people too. People who are here for 30 years, people, yeah, let, let us be clear there's no family man exemption to this policy. Okay? There, there ain't no exemption. I'm not sure where that guy who's wearing, did you see he's wearing it.


For those who are listening, he's wearing a hat that has Donald Trump's hair attached to the top of it. So he is like full on Trump fanboy saying that he's not concerned that his relatives are going to be deported because they're good family people and he is not gonna deport good family people. Well, that's certainly not what the people who trump, that's not what Trump says. That's not what the people who are surrounding Trump are saying. And I think one of the clearest, you know, instances or, or one of the clearest examples of how far Trump and his acolytes are willing to go now that they're going to have power is that infamous Stephen Miller post that we have seen recently where he said he was going to quote turbocharge turbocharge de naturalization in 2025.


Turbocharge it De naturalization is the process of stripping away the citizenship from people who have acquired citizen citizenship in this country. So even if you're like, oh, I'm legal, it's, it's not gonna affect me. I'm I, I'm, I'm, I'm here, I'm here legally. I, I I'm naturalized, I'm good. No, you're, you're not good. And Donald Trump on the campaign trail has already said time and time and time again that he is willing to go to groups that he doesn't like to people he doesn't like and strip away their citizenship. He has called those Haitian migrants in, in Springfield, Ohio, who are there legally. He has called them illegal. This is what he has done throughout the country. People who are here legally, they want to in do these bloody mass deportations, kick them out or throw them in these private prisons.


Ben, what did Charlie Kirk have to say? Lemme this. Charlie Kirk says, Tom Holman announces he will begin workplace immigration rates. Let's just be clear what that means though. That means exactly the questions that were asked to that Latino Trump voter, right? You're in the farm, you're in the factory, you're on a construction site, right? You are contributing to the economy, you are working your ass off. And jobs that Americans are not doing for far less money than Americans would do it at as well, or Americans not do 'em at all. So you can support your family than ice, or the military or the National Guard rolls up on you at your work site while you're building things, building infrastructure, projects, bridges, while you're, you know, picking crops that we all rely on for both consumption here and for exporting.


You are contributing to the economy working work, right? Look at it, workplace, immigration, workplace. And we're ripping people out, throwing them into cages and then throwing them into countries that they may not even live in, right? I mean, one of the things that Donald Trump is, says he was gonna throw the Haitians back to Venezuela, like to just totally different countries. Let's keep reading though what Charlie Kirk is saying. He goes, if you are illegal, get out of our country now. It will save us time and energy and also spare you the humiliation. The days of gaming, America's immigration system with impunity are over.


Get out. It's also notable that he uses the word humiliation. You know, like as part of this, they're going to denigrate human beings, right? Like treat human beings the way we saw photographs of American military in Abu grab, like Iraq, like we're gonna u we're not just gonna deport you, the Trump saying we're gonna humiliate you. And that's a message to that Latino Trump supporter. It's like basically a message to you. So let's be very clear, okay? Nobody on this podcast and nobody who, who I know supports criminals or terrorists being here illegally.


Number one, undisputed fact. No one's rooting for, oh, let's bring in those criminal, let's bring in the cartels. Ha ha ha. No, they should be removed right away. They're criminals. They should be out the full force of law. Get them out, get terrorists out, get cartels out, get criminals out. Undisputed fact number two, there's actually been less border crossings right now under Biden than under the Trump administration. You, you know, when all of a sudden immigration basically fell to like nothing under Trump, the same time gas fell to nothing. You know, when that was during Covid, when there was a mass pandemic, a mass casualty event where Donald Trump mishandled it.


So tens of thousands of people were literally dying in ventilators every day. 'cause no one knew what the hell to do while they had Trump locked down. So actually the situation, it was better right now. And three, let me give you an undisputed fact. Let me give you the economic argument here because you know, I know that like no one wants to talk about this because it's been so tainted. But let's be clear, immigrants, migrants play a major part in our economy, whether you like that or not, okay? They contribute when you do workplace raids, guess what that means? They are working at places and you're going to raid the work.


Remove the workers from what the farms, how are the farmers gonna get by when they're relying on this labor, the factories? How are they gonna get by without the labor? How is anyone gonna get by? And what do you think that's going to do to the price of goods? First off, what is it gonna cost you for this mass deportation event? Quite literally, tens of billions of dollars every day. So bye-Bye to your healthcare, right? So that the government can spend its money sending the military to do workplace raids rather than help you get an education, help you get healthcare. Lower your prescription drug prices function like a government.


Do things like bring wifi, you know, build infrastructure, no government resources, conducting workplace raids, removing the labor, meaning that the price of goods is gonna go up dramatically. Remember those $8 trillion deficit projections that, that we were telling you about, about Donald Trump? That's what it was last time. Under the, under Trump, under the best case scenario, it was $8 trillion being added to the debt under, I think the accurate scenarios, if you do this I, think it'll be like 25 to $30 trillion in debt. And you go, well, Ben, at the highest end, they said 12 to 15, not eight. Really? You don't think Donald Trump's gonna increase the debt like he did in every other business that he is ever done and run it up like crazy?


And these Republicans are going to do that. Let me show you another data point of Tom Holman. I want you to watch the smugness. Like this is truly an evil person, right? Like so to that Latino voter right there wearing the Trump hair and the stupid Trump hat going, they're not coming after me. Charlie Kirk, who's one of Trump's inner circle. Yeah, he's, he's coming after. What do you need to happen? I mean, I would is do you think that Latino voter for Trump is gonna be deported, ripped apart from his family? I you think he's still, you think he's gonna be so brainwashed and, and that he'll be going back there, but it didn't happen to me. I, yeah, I'm good, you know, I'm good. Lemme just show you this a OC clip right here.


We played it in other videos. He, she is, when she was questioning Tom Holman, he's one of the authors of project 2025, and this was at a congressional hearing where Tom Holman, again, like his agey way, he was like trying to avoid saying that he was for family separation, even though it was his policy. And then like he admits it in a smug way. Here, watch this Through this memo. You're not the author, but you signed the memo. Yes. A zero, a zero tolerance memo. So you provided the official recommendation to Secretary Nielsen on family for the United States to pursue family separation. I gave Secretary Nielsen numerous recommendations on how to secure the border and save lives.


But it says here that you re you gave her numerous options, but the recommendation was option three, family separation. What I'm saying, this is not the only paper where we given the secretary numerous options to secure the border and save lives. And so the recommendation of the many that you recommended, you recommended family separation. I recommended zero tolerance, Which includes family separation, The same as is when every US citizen parent gets arrested when they're with a child, Zero tolerance was interpreted as the policy that separated children from their Parents. If I get arrested for DUI and I have a young child in the car, I'm gonna be separated. When I was a police officer in New York and I arrested a father for domestic violence, I separated that father, Mr.


Homan, with all due respect, legal as asylums are not charged with any crime. When you're entered the country illegally, it's violation. Eight, United States code 1325 Seeking asylum is legal. If You wanna seek asylum to go through the port of entry, due to the legal way the attorney general of the United States has made that clear. Okay, Great. Yeah. You know, we're, we're at a situation right now and it's, it's, it's tough. And one of the things that makes it extremely tough is that all of us also have to endure all the consequences of this election, of, of whatever happens.


Unfortunately, you know, I, there's part of me that thinks that it's the only way for some of these folks who voted for Trump to realize kind of what they've done. And, and, and I don't say that facetiously, and I don't say that with glee by any means, but I think, you know, people have short memories. They voted for Trump the first time in 2016, under similar circumstances, similar reasonings. What's the worst that could happen? This guy's not part of the establishment. What's the, he's a businessman. Look, he's silly. He's on tv. He is not gonna come after me. And then what happened? We had demonstrations in the street all the time.


Donald Trump would always go to his worst instincts. People were harmed And. it all culminated with the covid crisis, with the covid pandemic that Trump completely ignored, mismanaged, which is honestly me being kind by calling that mismanaged, right? Leading to more than a million people dying. And that's the, those are the consequences of, you know, putting somebody so just willfully unprepared and unfit for the job. And, and with all these dangerous ideas in the office. And y you know, unfortunately And, it may take And, it, it may take a little bit of pain for some of these people to realize, oh crap, you know, I, I messed up. Oh yeah, that's why I didn't like them.


Oh, that, that, that's why I, I made sure to vote against him in, in in 2020. But here we are again, where people are to use Ben's words, D lulu, and they are thinking that somehow this time will be different. It's a new tone. He's a changed guy. I assure you it's not, it's not a new tone, it's not a changed guy. Now the guardrails are off and he is gonna continue to bring in the most insane people to be around him at all times. And Tom Holman is an example of that. Seeing Steven Miller was one of his first appointments, if you will, was an example of that. These are like the world's worst people who are openly saying that they wanna do the world's worst things who are being put in positions of power without guardrails, with a Republican party who controls all the other levers of the government saying that they also want to do everything they can to please Donald Trump imaginable.


What do you think's gonna happen? I I mean it says doesn't take a psychic. I'll tell you that. And then thinking back I mean, just, just listening to that Latino man talking about why he decided to vote for Trump and how he could just be so blind to the fact that they're not gonna come for him, right? Like, where else in in history have we heard? First they came for this group. I didn't speak out, then they came for this group. I didn't speak out. It, it's very much on display in real time in that clip, part of me genuinely actually feels bad that you could be so naive and, and tricked into believing that they're not going to target you where clear as day, you know, we've seen, you know, it's a community that is definitely under attack by this administration, no matter the status of the person at this point.


Jordy, the only difference though, is in that old very, you know, dark but famous expression of first they came for this group and I wasn't a part of this group, so I didn't do anything. Then they came for that group and I wasn't a part of that group. Then they came for this group, I wasn't a part. And then they came for me. And this example, Donald Trump and his inner circle have said, we are coming for you. We're coming for you, we're coming for you. And then their response is, no, they're not coming for me. I'm like, here's the videotape of them saying that they're actually coming for you. Yeah, but I'm family. I'm a family man. So they're not coming for you. He's saying you, other than literally saying your name, he's literally describing you and you're wearing a stupid Trump hat with a fake Trump wig.


What, what is going on in that mind of yours? And look, whether it's because of covid social media, people's inability to interact in society anymore, whether you want to call it like brain worms or fried mush brains. I don't hello? Like, what, what, what is going on in there? Because it literally feels so obvious. And yet you try to have these conversations with people and it's like kind of speaking with like humans who are like, almost look like they're taken over and programmed with some like robotic AI that's like, hello, are, could you please let me make, is anything working in there?


And I'm not trying to be like rude or demeaning, but like, when they say, we're coming for you group get out, you're gonna be humiliated by us, we're coming for your family. And you're like, they're not coming for me. You know, it's, it's, it's a odd, it's an odd, and by the way, it's not unique to that Latino male there. You know, you can go through various different, you know, groups and then say, but you realize that means they're taking your land. That means they're gonna ban you. That means they're gonna control your body. That means you're gonna have student loans increasing. That means inflation's actually gonna go up based on those policies. That means that, like literally you go through all these people and they're like, yeah, but not, not, not, not me, not me.


Anyway, there's a lot to talk about. I also want to talk about though, when we get back from the break, you know, I gotta talk about where's the democratic leadership right now? Like what? Seriously? Like, like, like where this is not the Midas Touch Network's, not the pity party network. We're the Get Stuff done network. And don't get me wrong, I see some governors, I see Josh Shapiro, I see Pritzker, I see Gavin Newsom and some other, I see some signs of life, some signs of leadership, but like what, what, what in the world are, are you doing right now? Like, you know, step up, you know, man up, person up, whatever up. Get up and do something about it. Like, what are you doing right now? What's the silence?


It's pissing me off. We'll be right back from our first quick break. We got a lot to talk about. Alright, let's talk about NAD plus. It's an every living cell in your body. And. it helps keep you young by repairing damage, detoxifying, and giving you energy. But between age 20 and 50, your NAD plus levels are cut in half. No wonder we start feeling older, more tired, and less vibrant. But here's the good news, Qualia, NAD plus makes it easy to boost your NAD plus levels by 74%. It's a simple supplement that's vegan, gluten-free non GMO, and packed with ingredients to help you feel at your peak longer into life. Quality of NAD plus contains the most powerful NAD plus precursors like niacin, niacinamide, and nigen.


These ingredients are clinically tested to boost your NAD plus levels and quality. NAD plus has many other holistic ingredients that support all major aspects of n nad plus production in your body. Plus it's doctor formulated. So you know, it's the real deal. I've been using quality NAD plus since they sent it to me. And the difference is huge. I actually feel energized, awake, and ready to take on the day. I had no idea how much my low NAD plus was dragging me down. To boost your n nad plus levels by up to 74%, go to quality of life.com/ Jordy for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout. That's J-O-R-D-Y at checkout for an additional 15% off.


That's quality of life.com/ Jordy, J-O-R-D-I for 15% off your purchase. Thanks to quaia for sponsoring today's episode. I've been trying to lose some weight lately and get a little healthier. And I'll tell you what's been a key for me. It's called ProLon. And a lot of our viewers say it's changed their life. So forget everything you know about fasting, I want to tell you about ProLon by lra. It's the only patented fasting mimicking diet that combines the benefits of prolonged fasting with science backed nutrition plans. So you can hit your health and weight loss goals without actually having to give up all the food. So introducing ProLon is a revolutionary plant-based program.


It nourishes the body while making cells believe they're fasting, research and develop for decades at the University of Southern California Longevity Institute, by the way, I teach at USC law, it's backed by leading us medical centers. ProLon helps promote healthy blood sugar supports cardiovascular health, And, it reduces abdominal fat. But ProLon isn't a diet. ProLon is a science science based on Nobel Prize winning discoveries and medicine. It all starts with ProLon five day program snack, soups and beverages. They're all designed to keep your body in a fasting state unlike anything you've ever experienced. I did the five day program, I feel so much better, feel more energy.


And the thing is, it's not a diet, it's a science And. it was convenient. They sent me everything I needed all in one box. I followed the directions. It was great. No wonder thousands of doctors are now recommending ProLon to support healthy blood sugar and cardiovascular health. So right now, ProLon is offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners 15% off their five day nutrition program. So go to ProLon life.com/midas, MEIS, that's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/midas ProLon life.com/midas for this special offer, the ProLon, that's ProLon life.com/midas. Check it out. Today's episode is brought to you by Ali.


Clean, fresh nutrition, your dog needs, and five flavors. They'll absolutely flip over. Feeding your dog real whole foods with minimal processing is one of the best choices you can make for their health. A whole fresh food diet has been proven to extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who wouldn't want more time with their best friend? Ali's recipes have no harmful fillers, no preservatives, and are made in us kitchens with ingredients sourced from trusted growers and producers around the world. And because Ali's meals are gently cooked, they don't need preservatives. It's fresh real food with protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries and fresh lamb with cranberries.


Ali might just have your dog eating better than you. Here's how it works. Take a 32nd quiz about your dog on Ali's website and they'll create a customized meal plan based on your dog's specific needs. Ollie then sends your dog starter box with two weeks worth of meals, plus a guide on how to transition them over. You could even choose from three meal plans to fit your dog's diet. And can I be real with you for a second? My dog mochi is the best. She's the sweetest, most playful, loving shihtzu in the world. She's also one of the most stubborn eaters in the world. And if the food I give her isn't up to her standards, she lets me know. So anytime I introduce something new to her, it's the ultimate test. Since I've been giving her Ali, she's been licking the bowl clean. I've been giving her the chicken dish with carrots and the lamb with cranberries, and she absolutely loves it.


And right now, Ali's offering an amazing deal. 60% off your first box of meals when you subscribe. Just head to ali.com, tell them about your dog and use the code Midas To. get 60% off your first box. That's OLLI e.com, promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. They even offer a clean bowl guarantee. So if you're not satisfied, you get your money back. Let's go links in description for both the YouTube and the audio. Use the codes, use the links. Shout out to our pro-democracy sponsors riding with us. You know, they really help support this network. So definitely show them some love and shout out to you the Mightest mighty.


You know, look, my brothers and I might not be a, you know, a total shocker. We're big data guys, big analytic guys. And to see this community continue to double down in pro-democracy and really meet the moment with, you know, the passion and energy that you know, we've kind of seen from you guys forever has been amazing. And just that engagement with this community is truly undefeated. And we're so grateful for you guys meeting this moment alongside us. Just shout out to the Midas mighty. I love this community so much. Let me make an observation though, because when Donald Trump was found liable for sexual assault, indicted multiple times, criminally convicted on 34 separate felony counts, the MAGA Republicans not only stuck with him every step of the way, but had the most relentless propaganda campaign filled with lie after lie after lie.


It didn't matter to them. On the other hand, with President Biden, somebody who actually did a bunch of incredible things, someone who you don't have to propagandize for, you literally just have to tell the story, right? I mean President Biden's leadership was able, competent, capable. I remember that Time magazine cover of the disaster. President Biden inherited. We all knew he was going to inherit an absolute disaster. The stock market crashed. We were basically in a depression, a mass casualty event. The economy was crap. Trump added $8 trillion in debt.


I mean literally every metric. Every single one was terrible. Then Donald Trump refused to do a peaceful transition of power, led an insurrection, refused to coordinate and even tell President Biden what the deals were, what the resources were. Refused utterly. But there we were. And here we are. And just take a look at these stats, these stats of Joe Biden's economy, for example, with unemployment at all time. Lows, jobs created 16 million inflation. Now, very normal when it was caused by post covid and COVI behavior as a result of Donald Trump's mishandling. When you add $8 trillion in debt, when you don't do things like the Chips Act or the Infrastructure Act and you don't shore up your supply lines, right?


And you recklessly print money with no accountability, as Donald Trump did, that causes inflation. And it's not like all of a sudden inflation starts. The policies have to take time to kick in, right? Like we were still under the regime of Donald Trump's billionaire tax cuts that he couldn't pay for or refuse to pay for when Biden was in office. And Biden has to, you know, basically move this massive sinking ship in another direction. Did it ably? And look, the GDP 3% growth, average pay wages are a manufacturing boom. Stock market at all time highs oil production At oil highs, America was energy independent.


So I mean for me, whereas the Magnas were propagandizing the most awful human being and doing the most awful things every day, no matter what it was. The fact that Democrats cannibalize themselves and continue at this moment to do the blame game every day there's a leak, it's this person's fault, it's that person's fault, it's your fault, it's this person's fault. But I proposed this, but I said that versus you gotta show leadership during moments like this, a lot of people wanted to write op-eds and they were doing touchdown dances when they got Biden to leave.


And a lot of str, a lot of people out there were, were were trying to claim their brilliance. But now is when leadership is needed, not the blame game. And look, we're gonna use our platform to do everything we can do here that's bring attention to issues. We've got a great team of lawyers who can also outline legal strategies. You know, we can try to warn people as best as we can. If there are gonna be raids in specific areas, you know, we could continue to motivate this massive community, To, get out accurate information and to push back against encroaching fascism. And that's what we pledge to do. But also we have to have leadership within the party that is standing up and actually standing for and standing behind the record.


Look, lots of people's lives are complicated. People are working lots of jobs and people have lots of issues in their lives. So you can't just expect that you can do infrastructure, you can do inflation reduction, you can do the chips act, you can do the pact deck, you can do all of these things and people automatically understand and get it I mean. When you look at some of this exit poll data and information, it's shocking in ways that if you go fully down that rabbit hole at how shocking it is, it's beneath depressing sometimes how people ultimately make snap decisions. But what's clear is you have to be relentless in your messaging.


But what was so obvious for Democrats is that your messaging met the moment. Because one of the issues that we saw here was the economy. The economy, the economy, right? That's what was over and over again. What President Biden was so brilliant about was recognizing the economy. The economy, the economy. That's why he did infrastructure. That's why he did inflation reduction, right? That's why he did bottom up, middle out. That's why he was on the picket lines. So why is it then that people going back to a theme we said are voting against their interests? Because at some point, one of the main lessons, and this isn't the blame game show, you have to be a team player and support the messaging.


Look, president Biden would maybe, you know, not like to admit this, but in President Biden's age, he's not the same debater he once was. You go back and look at President Biden's speeches from the eighties and the nineties and the two thousands. He was a great orator. He was one of the best debaters. But guess what? In his eighties, I hope in my eighties I could be half the debater that President Biden was. But his skillset wasn't that his skillset was using the age and using the wisdom in a way to build and cultivate and not destroy.


So the one main lesson that I urge our party, but I urge just anybody who cares about our country, you have to help with the messaging. What not to lie, not to propagandize, but to literally give the facts. 'cause the facts were actually great, not whine and complain about somebody's age or be ageist. Ben, lemme let me, let me add this if I can. You, you have to also have to know where to direct people's anger, right? Because people are naturally going to be angry about certain things because things are never going to be perfect. Ever, ever, ever. Even in the best economy, the best ever, things aren't gonna be perfect. But Chris Hayes said something on Blue Sky today, by the way, we're on blue sky.


If, now if anybody else is on blue sky, give us a follow. Midas touches on there. I'm on there at be Mycells Jordy, you're on there, right Ben? I think he still needed an counter. People are asking for you. There's a whole, whole demand for Ben on on blue sky. But Chris Hayes said the following, he wrote, here's one of my main takeaways. The point of governing is to make people's lives better. But the point to politics, especially campaigns, is to give people a story about who to blame for things sucking. It's a real mistake to confuse one for the other, as I have often done. And I, and I totally see what Hayes is saying there, because what Trump was able to do effectively, I think, and what these publicans were able to do effectively, is they were able to play to people's grievances about issues that gone wrong, quite frankly, issues that Donald Trump caused nearly all of these issues that that happened.


And some of them were global phenomenons like inflation that impacted every single country in the world. But Democrats had a great story to tell out of every country in the world, you know, who handled this crisis the best, quite literally the best. Number one, number one in the world. USA, the United States of America and the Biden Harris administration. But I think sometimes in this quest to defend the policies, defend the chips, act, defend the infrastructure act, I think sometimes the message can get muddied because people get a little bit too nuanced in their language. And so on the one hand you have Democrats saying things could be getting better, but actually we've done a lot and look at these plans, but yeah, did it?


And while that may be technically correct, when that's your message, and the other side is just going lower taxes, build the wall, just easy phrases that people could latch onto. We're gonna stick it to China and, and like, what, who do you think is gonna basically affect the median voter the most? Who is looking for that simple message to resonate with? Are they gonna go to the nuanced message that's technically accurate, or are they gonna go to this, you know, very direct kind of, you know, straight to the point message, even if it's total bs. And unfortunately we saw people gravitate towards that message. I think it's just the lesson going forward that, you know, that, that Democrats and everybody needs to take.


But while President Biden was accomplishing all these things, I, I think, you know, we needed a whole lot of other folks. Instead of yelling about President Biden's age to be spiking the football in that way, every single day going out there saying you want lower taxes, guess what? We're giving you lower taxes. You want, you know, the wealthy to pay more. Guess what? President Biden is making the wealthy pay more. You wanted student loans, guess what we did it. You know, who's making your life worse? Put the blame on the right people, you know, who's making your life worse? You know, who wants to take away your student loans? The Republicans, Donald Trump, they want to take it away from you and just be that simple with it every step of the way. Instead, you get this infighting, you get these muddied messages.


And, it just drives me crazy because then you look at these exit polls and you look at people like that individual we showed in the video earlier and the things they say, you're just like, I can't, I, I, I, I can't, I I can't even wrap my head around. But fundamentally, you know, I I I think there is, we've been in this cycle now for what? For, oh man, maybe a couple decades at this point of, of people really kind of raging against what whatever is considered the establishment. And, and you could go back to Barack Obama, right? I mean that was a change election, obviously that was an election against the establishment. President Obama, he was the nominee. He won, he was a eight term, you know, eight, eight year two term president Donald Trump.


Very different figure. But he was viewed as anti-establishment. He came to power, I think with President Biden. I think folks actually wanted a a a return and a strengthening of our institutions after Donald Trump. And they realized that was a big mistake. We need to go back to these American values. We need to be protected. They go back to President Biden, then four years go away and people are going, I want, I, I need, I wanna change again. I, I wanna change. And then they had the one candidate who is fighting for horrific change, but change nonetheless to blow up the entire system that they perceived as going against them in certain ways, even though, once again, best in the world managing a post pandemic time.


But they picked the candidate who said, you know what? Screw these institutions. We wanna blow it all up. We wanna change. And I think there's a way though that when the Democrats figure out how to recalibrate here and, and people who are pro-democracy wanna recalibrate here, that you could position yourself as a candidate of change, as an exciting candidate, as somebody who speaks to people's fears. Someone who speaks to people's grievances, but does it in a way that sticks to the value sticks to pro protecting these communities, sticks to protecting the unions, the middle class healthcare and all these things. I mean, it's, it's very possible. And also one of my other issues with kind of all these postmortems that people do on these elections is that, first off there, there's not like one person in power who could be like, okay, and so it is now we're gonna apply all these things that everyone says.


Also, everybody's post-mortems, just miraculously, coincidentally, always aligned with their priors, always aligned. You know, if, if, if you're the person who thought that, you know, Gaza was gonna decide this election, your reasoning for why Kamala lost was because she was too friendly to Israel. If you're on the opposite side, your reasoning is the opposite. If you're, if you think one way you think she wasn't helpful enough to the middle class, if you are coming from a, from another side, she was too much about unions in the middle class. It's like e everyone somehow finds a way to have this confirmation bias of their own ideas by looking at the election. And so a lot of that simply is not helpful for me. But what I wanna look for right now is just where are these leaders?


Are they going to step up? What the heck is going on with the silence? Like, I am just amazed that like we have, we haven't seen like a forceful speech from any real democratic leader. We saw President Biden speak at Arlington today. I thought that was great. It was nice to see him and and him to speak up for our values. But where is the next leader of the party? Where, where is he or she coming from? He or she could speak out at any time right now. And we are waiting. The people are waiting. And the people want a positive message to look forward. A message of hope. Yes, A message of joy. Yes. And a message of change and a message of how are we going to fix all of this? Like, where are they? Where are they? I I think that's a great point.


Where are they? Why aren't they speaking up right now? You know, again, I am grateful for our platform here on the Midas Touch Network. I am glad that we're still a top three YouTube channel in the United States of America. I'm glad that we have this voice and I hope we could be a calming, reassuring, and productive voice. But you know, and there are other independent media hosts as well. But there's got to be leadership institutionally within the party of somebody who's stepping up and saying, here's the direction, here's where we're going, here's why we're going there. I haven't seen that right now. It's disappointing and we'll talk about that and more because on the other hand, you've got Vladimir Putin putting Donald Trump through humiliation rituals.


I'll tease the next segment, although perhaps that's not the best way to phrase what I'm gonna do in the next segment, because you've got Russia's State tv, which is basically directed by Vladimir Putin posting nude photos of Melania, I think to basically Alpha Donald Trump and show him, you know, who's your daddy, if you will. We'll talk about that and more, but let's take our last quick ad break of the show. Do you make coffee at home? Well, it only takes one minute to transform your experience forever. Thanks to our friends at Trade With Trade, you'll discover that the secret to making amazing coffee is too well start with amazing coffee perfectly matched to your taste, roasted to Otter and delivered directly from America's top independent roasters.


And you know, as the resident coffee geek here at Midas, I would not just recommend any coffee service. No matter how you brew or what equipment you prefer, getting coffee from trade is the easiest way to instantly improve your at-home coffee experience trade partners with top independent roasters from small towns across the USA places you'd love to visit. And they handpick the best coffees for you to enjoy, delivered fresh to your door on your schedule. I've been trying a few roasts from trade and each one has been incredibly fresh and full of flavor. I love that first moment when you open the bag. The aroma is incredible. My mornings feel like a real coffee shop experience right now, but honestly, way better. And I don't have to leave my house and spend a lot of money.


My wife and I always brew the latest beans we get from trade and have a little coffee date each morning. It's honestly the highlight of our day. And Trey just sent us this good vibes coffee from a roaster called Greater Goods Coffee in Austin. It was awesome. Don't settle for Okay coffee. Head to drink trade.com/midas to receive your first bag free. That's drink trade.com/me IDAs To, get your first bag free with any new subscription. Prize Picks is the best way To get action on sports in over 30 states, including California, Florida, Georgia, and Texas. Prize Picks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy so that your lineups stay in play even if one of your players gets injured.


If your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return price picks keeps your lineup live Price picks puts their members first. So all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. That's huge. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. when you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Prize Picks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday Prize Picks discounts Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83 and a half yards next week.


Lamar Jackson passed for more than one and a half touchdowns. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on Prize Picks Prize Picks is the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off, which ones are make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long on Prize Picks. This week on Prize Picks, I'm looking at the football board and selecting Jamar Chase for more than 79 and a half receiving yards. And Patrick Mahomes for more than one and a half passing touchdowns. Let's see how I do. Download the app today and use code Midas To.


get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's right. Just download the app today and use code Midas To. get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Price fix. Run your game. The Midas mighty community are at the heart of this network and this movement. It's why it's so important that we all look after our heart health. Heart health matters. It's important to me. I have super beat, heart chew every single day and you should too. It's delicious. It gives me so much energy and I have the peace of mind that I am doing right by my own body.


Let me tell you about this. 'cause paired with a healthy lifestyle, the antioxidants in SuperBeets are clinically shown to be nearly two times more effective at promoting normal blood pressure than a healthy lifestyle. And when I have my super beats heart shoes, it is delicious. I look forward every day to having those super beats heart choose and I look forward to that energy burst that I get as well. Cardiovascular health matters because it connects your heart to every part of your body. So the number one doctor, pharmacist, and cardiologists recommended bee brand for cardiovascular health support is SuperBeets Heart shoes. Add onto that, it tastes great.


So power the moments your heart beats with SuperBeets heart shoes. Get 15% off even more on bundles using the code Midas at GETSUPERBEETS dot com. That's make sure you spell it right. That's get GETSUPERBEETS dot com. And use the code Midas, that's GETSUPERBEETS dot com and use the code Midas. You are going to love Super beats heart. Choose. Shout out to our sponsors, links in description of both YouTube and audio. Use the links, use the codes. Guys, I crushed that.


Jamar Chase Pick. Just so you know, I mean he went off in the game that I did that for. So shout out Tomar Chase, shout out. Prize pick. Shout to human. Shout out all the sponsors Trade. I proud of you. Proud of you. Yeah, those pro democracy sponsors help make this show possible. And so I know sometimes you may be thinking, Hey, there's a lot of ads I mean, look, the bottom line is that Fox is funded by about $14.92 billion every single year. Which let's just say, can I give a trade secret here that's about $14.92 billion more than we're funded with right here. So we have to be scrappy. And we like these pro democracy sponsors. They help fund the show.


They help fund the program and this network. So really honestly, shout out to them. And by the way, there was a little Easter egg in that last ad right there. You heard my baby daughter Jimena right there. And frankly, it's why I do this every day. It's why I wake up so motivated. It's for the future generations. It's for Jimena, it's for all the Xena out there. And look, it's disappointing that Xena has to grow up at least the next four years in a Trump America. But I want her to know that her dad did everything he could every single day, along with her uncles and this incredible community of aunts and uncles. 'cause you're all family and aunts and uncles who are to do whatever we can to preserve, protect, and defend our democracy.


This is not going to be easy, but this is a challenge that we've built infrastructure for and we are ready to go. You know what's interesting, Vivek Ramis Swami, before we started posted the following, shut it down. And frankly, that's kind of the MAGA attitude about anything. Like, I don't fully know what he's even talking about here, if it's shut down the Department of Education. 'cause that's one of the things they say is it shut down the government because they wanna not fund the government until Trump takes over and just shut it down. They always wanna just shut down and tear down the government. Are they talking about just shut down the border?


Which sounds very simple, but when you are involved in trade agreements, quite literally hundreds of billions of dollars in commerce takes place across borders every single day. So if you just shut it down, well then how are you gonna get some of the goods that let's say are made in Tijuana, into America? Or how are you gonna get some of the American products into Mexico? How how's that trade go? How's that trade just going to happen? And how are other goods from South America that go through trade routes in Mexico going, To, get in here. So it's a very simple solution. Fake ram of Swami, he's a smart guy. He knows what he's doing.


And Brett, to your point, he knows just, he simply message, shut it down, shut it, burn it down. You know? And that has a appeal to people. Yeah. But shutting down the Department of Education, how many children and students is that going to devastate shutting it down? The government, people's social security, people's healthcare, the Affordable Care Act, shut it down. What is that going to mean? I mean? The reality is, is that there has to be, and this is where President Biden was smart, just couldn't message it. The right, you know, struggled to message it honestly because of his age. Not because he was, he was on target about what to do and how to do this. But you know, ultimately you need institutions in order to function.


You know, I I, I don't want America to be the Mar-a-Lago of chaos in everybody's like, but like that's the Trump world. That's what America voted for. There there is an importance of some institutions that functions so that there could be orderly behavior of government and governance. That is important. But at the same time, we have to recognize the types of people who want the chaos. 'cause in the ashes that they leave, they're gonna be the ones kind of picking your pockets. By the way we talked about Tom Holman, you know, and at the beginning of the show, I just wanna read you one other quote. When Tom Holman was asked recently, why should children be forced to leave the country if they were born and raised in the United States and undergo the de naturalization process?


And he says, because their parents entered illegally, had a child knowing he was in the country illegally. So the, so he created the crisis. So the American citizen now has to be naturalized because they were born there. It, it is, it is their fault. That is the logic or illogic that they are using. Let's show that Biden clip today. 'cause then I want to pivot to what Putin is doing to Donald Trump and showing his dominance. President Biden, who's always stood up to Vladimir Putin and built NATO stronger than ever. Here's what he had to say in his last speech at Arlington Cemetery on Veteran's Day. Let's play this clip. This is the last time I will stand here at Arlington as commander in chief.


It's been the greatest honor of my life. To lead you, to serve you, to care for you, to defend you just as you defended us generation after generation after generation. Let's press pause. Don't press pause, but let's mark this section of the show because it is my suspicion that in about six months or so, perhaps less, maybe three months, there's gonna be a big movement of can we bring that guy back where's Joe can, can, can, can we bring Joe back and we're not gonna be able to do that.


Then stability, the no drama, all of that that we had as, as well as economic growth. America chose chaos. America chose hardship. America chose, not all of America, but significant portion of America voted against their interests. I mean heck. You know, I was looking yesterday, Brett and Jordy and Midas mighty. I was looking at the Teamsters social media account, and they were talking about some temporary collective bargaining deal. They had I think it was with like Home Depot. It's a temporary negotiation, which is set to expire, you know, in early 2025.


And they, and they viewed that as like a win. And I was also looking at Sean O'Brien, who heads the teamsters, his account. 'cause you know, he spoke at the RNC, he took that photo with Donald Trump where they were wearing their red ties, giving the thumbs up in Mar-a-Lago together. So I was looking, I was like, where is Sean O'Brien's? Congratulations to Trump. He was congratulating other people. Where was his? Congratulations to Trump, who, who, who he helped out. And then I saw all these teamsters posts about, you know, collective bargaining rights and the extensions of certain contracts with management, various locals that are picketing. And I'm thinking to myself, look, a lot of teamsters stood up.


You know, there was a lot of the locals that endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris. But you know, a lot of those teamsters, a lot of union members. I'm not suggesting that it was all union members, but if you're in unions, you, you know, the people who I'm talking about literally voted for Donald Trump against their unions. I mean Donald Trump doesn't believe in the pro act. Donald Trump is against the very essence of what a union does collectively bargain. Donald Trump's about to appoint people to the National Labor Relations Board, which is the main board that allows grievances against management. Under collectively bargain for contracts. The national Labor relations board's gonna be pro management.


So when you have an issue, you are not going to be able To get any relief, and your strikes are going to be declared unlawful and you're not going to be able to pick it. Your union is literally powerless in a Trump administration and your union people, and you voted for Trump. I mean it is, it is a wild concept to me. And that's just kind of one example where, remember Brett, we had, we had that guy on who was the general counsel of one of the big labor unions, you know, you know, two years in. And he walked us through, he was like, Trump lied to the Teamsters in 2016, then he put the most anti-worker group in the NLRB, and here's how he screwed us.


Biden walked on the picket lines with us. He literally saved our pensions. Saved your pensions, but that wasn't good enough. Like your pension's, your life, your family putting food on the table, Biden stood up for you. Trump's taking that food away. So we'll, we'll, we'll mark this episode where we start hearing the calls from the people when the leopard actually ate their face. And they go, oh, how, how, how, how did, how did that happen? You know? And again, just seeing, you know, you know, one of the thing I see from all these MAGA influencers too, is they, like, they post all of the data that existed when Biden was in office and now like, look what Trump did.


Look, this isn't a record high. Look, Hamas is saying they're gonna do this now. I'm like, it's the same thing that Hamas said they were gonna be doing two months ago, three months ago, five months ago. So that's what they were saying back then. There's literally no difference. And now this person's doing that. And now, now we're energy independent. Now all of these things existed before Trump didn't do any of of it at all. But Brett to your point, it's like, okay, well let's see actually what happens when Trump does 2000% tariff? Let's see what happens when he does mass deportation. Let's see what happens when he does tax cuts for billionaires. Let's see what happens when he shuts down the Department of Education.


Let's see what happens when he takes away your healthcare and shuts down social security, then, then we can judge. But you know what's gonna happen? And this is why Democrats wake the heck up, because this happens every time that that stuff starts to kick in year two, year three, right? Everybody gets pissed and they're like, oh, we gotta vote them out the next Obama or whoever comes in, right? And then what do the Republicans do? Look, it's your fault. You screwed us. And it's all of their freaking policies. And so what you have to do right now, and this is what's pissing me off about their silence, frankly, it's that you can't just show up for an election.


You can't just show up 90 days before, Hey, I'm a celebrity. Let me, let me write some op-eds now. Where, hey, now I'm gonna write a song about it. That's not the way it works, right? You have to be A, B, C, always B campaigning, not necessary for elections, but for the heart and soul of our freaking country. That's the mode that we're always on here at might as touch network, A, b, c, always be campaigning for the people. That's what you have to be doing here. And not just be like, oh, just there's an election. No, because then the American people were like, where were you? I didn't see you before I, now you're just showing up George Clooney.


Oh, now you're just showing up this celebrity. Now you're just showing up. Oh, where were you when I was asking for help? Were you in your villas in freaking Lake Como? Or, or was, is that where you were? Or were you with us on the front lines? And that's what needs to be done. Meanwhile, I I, I tease this and so I have to talk about it and then I'll throw it to you. Brett, Vladimir Putin's has the Russian I mean, there's really not much more to the story. The, they're showing naked photos of Melania, you know, all over. And then they're laughing at her, and then they're saying, and then they're mocking her. And then, then they're saying, what does my body, my choice really mean in America after showing the nudes of Melania and then mocking Donald Trump and, and Melania.


So anyway, that's, I guess it was a long tease, but oh, and then Don Jr showing these photos of zelinsky and mocking zelinsky and basically threatening Zelinsky and Ukrainian lives. You're 38 days from losing your allowance. And just think about that. That's, that's how the Trump administration handles foreign policy. You're 38 days from losing your allowance, Brett. Yeah, well, we have the worst world's worst people in charge. We're gonna be finding out more and more about other of the worst people who are gonna be added to this administration. We are going to continue to report on everything, the good, the bad, the ugly, the very ugly. We'll be reporting all of it here on the Midas Touch Network.


I wanna thank everybody for sticking with us during these difficult times. I know sometimes these times are times where you wanna turn off and say, Ugh, I can't anymore. I give up. But I appreciate all you who are back in this fight. If you took a break who are sticking this out, I know that I am fired up right now more than ever. And not that this really changes much, but I also wanna emphasize that this truly was a, at the end of the day, a very close election. I mean, let's look at what Ezra Klein wrote today. He wrote the following. He said, Trump is on track for a smaller popular vote victory than Hillary Clinton won in 2016. Democrats have work to do. They need to build a coalition. That's not always two points from losing to maga.


But I don't see Republicans internalizing that this was a narrow victory. And I think that's incredibly true. And I think what we are seeing now is I think Republicans are getting a little cocky. I think Democrats are also viewing this as some sort of cataclysmic event that is unrecoverable. And I remember now all the elections that Democrats have lost in the past, where every single time it has been a world is ending. Democrats need to reinvent the wheel. They need to change everything. If they're gonna reach people, they're never gonna get, you know, any power again, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'll give you that this time is certainly different because we have somebody with authoritarian leanings to say the least in the White House.


And we also have to see what happens in that regard and how the rest of our institutions hold to that. But I will say this, that pro-democracy was not rejected outright on election night. And in fact, oddly enough, Democrats made quite a few gains during election day and actually had a lot of successes where if, and I know this is a big, if, if the election didn't go the way it was, I think everybody would be celebrating that as a massive success for Democrats and Democratic messaging and the ideals of the Democratic party in general. I think when you look to even like Kentucky turning to a liberal majority court, I, I think that says, you know, a whole lot when you see Michigan, you know them nominating pro-democracy judges.


When you see people like Alyssa Slotkin winning their races, when you see Ruben Gallego defeating Carrie Lake, you see that there is still a, a pretty big disgust at MAGA across the country. Now, somehow the voters have been able to separate that from the man themself who, who, who created all these monsters, right? They seem to separate that from Donald Trump. They view Trump as his own thing, and they view Carrie leg as, oh, I, I can't vote for that lady. Yeah. I'm like, dude, you know that she's like the female version of Donald Trump. I I, I don't know how you split that ticket, but people do. But people do. And so it's gonna be a whole new ball game in the future when, you know, that's not the case.


And, and, and so, you know, I think we all just need to keep fighting every single day. We need to be aware of what's coming because we're not gonna, we're not gonna close our eyes to the reality of what's coming our way. And the horrible stuff, I mean, I, I take Trump at his word and I take his acolytes at his word when they are, say they're going to do all these horrible things. But you know, we're, we're gonna fight through it together as a community. We're gonna, we're gonna do it. We're gonna keep our heads down. We're just gonna put in the work every single day. We are going to do our best to be leaders. And we are calling on all of you out there. And that includes all of you watching all the leaders out there. Now is the time to make your voice heard. Now, there is a, there is a vacuum out there and people are craving leadership.


People are craving somebody to explain what is the way forward. So if you are a politician, someone who wants To, get into politics, someone who wants To, get into community organizing. Whatever it is, now is the time. Use this as a spark to ignite that in you and get out there and start spreading the message. Let's all get to work together. Jordy, final words, let's do this. Shout out to the Midas.


Hey, Midas, mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch. Keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.