
Donald Trump is really going through some things as the weight of reality hits him hard. Vice President Kamala Harris continues to surge in the polls and rack up endorsement after endorsement. And Donald Trump just doesn't seem to be handling it well. He's sending out all these deranged emails to supporters. He is making these unhinged posts on social media. We actually subscribe to Donald Trump's email list here at the Midas Touch Network, so you don't have to, but it's important that we know what Donald Trump is communicating to his base. So Donald Trump sends out this email that says, photo from Trump. I signed this photo for you. All I need is a shipping address when you open it. He says, after another attempt on my life, my commitment to save America is stronger than ever.


I signed this just for you as a Thank you for your support. And he has a photo of himself with his signature grifting off the incident that occurred at his golf course just like he did. Within minutes of that happening over the weekend, Donald Trump's stock yesterday was absolutely cratering. Trump Media actually lost a lawsuit against one of the original investors in Trump media who said that Trump media engaged in a breach of contract. The judge agreed they had to give up more shares than Donald Trump's stock continues to nose dive. One of the reasons why Donald Trump is completely flummoxed at the moment is because of this Har Harris X Harvard National Poll.


This had Trump up on Biden and Harris by four to 6% in every single poll that they had from January to July. Except this time, this time, the Harris x Harvard National Poll had Vice President Kamala Harris up 52% to Donald Trump's 48%. A massive, massive shift in the electorate. The Angus Reed Global Poll from September 13th to 16th has Kamala Harris up 49% to Trump's 45%. The Monmouth, this is an a plus. National poll, has Kamala Harris at 49% to Donald Trump's 44%. And the morning consult poll that had a massive amount of people sign up to participate had Kamala Harris at 51% and Donald Trump at 45%, the largest lead by any candidate in this poll in the entirety of 2024 Donald Trump.


He held this fake town hall yesterday with Sarah Huckabee Sanders in Michigan for some reason. So he's in Flint, Michigan. So of course, Donald Trump needs to say that global warming is a hoax or actually that it could be a good thing because that means people in Michigan may have more seafront property. Here's the clip, This nuclear power. And when I hear these people talking about global warming, that's the global warming you have to worry about. Not that the ocean's gonna rise in 400 years, an eighth of an inch, and you'll have more seafront property, right? If that happens. I said, is that good or bad? I said, isn't that a good thing if I have a little property on the ocean? I have a little bit more property, I have a little bit more ocean.


But The, here's a moment, I just, just an absolutely disgusting moment where Sarah Huckabee Sanders speaking before follows in Vance's footsteps here, and she mocks Vice President Harris for not having biological children Watch. So my kids keep me humble. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything keeping her humble. Lemme give you a palate cleanser for a second. Let's check in with what Governor Tim Walls was saying when he was speaking in North Carolina yesterday. He was speaking about JD Vance getting called out for the press for spreading these vicious lies about immigrants in Ohio and admitting on TV that he's willing to create stories to drum up support.


Watch this. This last weekend, Donald Trump's running mate, Senator Vance did a really remarkable thing. He got called out by a fair and free press that are a part of our democracy and fundamental to the freedoms of this country. He got called out by that press about telling vicious, hurtful lies about immigrants. But he did something. He did something. He told the truth. They asked him if maybe it was an accident or he didn't mean it. No, he said, I admit it. I'm willing to create stories to spread fear to drum up support for us now.


Now, the only thing amongst this group is, is no kidding. We've been seeing that for years. That's yes, but at least they admitted it. At least they admitted it. So you gotta ask, what other things are they making up stories about? I think, you know, I think you know the reason you do that is, is because if you told what you really stood for, no one would vote for you. And that includes the folks who think that because you know you have your neighbors who are out there, hell, we have 'em, we have 'em in our families, don't we know? So, but that's what happens. And they, I don't really like Donald Trump, but I Like what he stands for. Oh, really? Suppressing women's reproductive rights. Is that the one you want? Or is it cutting taxes for billionaires while you get screwed in the middle class?


Is that the one you like? Or is it ignoring real problems like our children being shot dead in schools? Is it those things or whatever. So I think for all of us, the truth here, you know who Donald Trump is, you know the pain that he caused. Now let's go back to Donald Trump. Donald Trump speaking at this town hall again, goes on this rambling long bizarre answer. Still obviously having Vice President Kamala Harris's debate comments about people leaving his events in his head. This is just an absolute mess. Watch this. See, She said, I get said don, don't think I've ever said this before. So we do these rallies, they're massive rallies.


Everybody loves, everybody stays till the end. By the way, you know when she said that, well, your rallies people leave. Honestly, nobody does. And if I saw them leaving, I'd say, and ladies and gentlemen, make America great again. And I get the hell out, okay? Because I don't want people leaving, but I, I do have to say, so I give these long, sometimes very complex sentences and paragraphs, but they all come together. I do it a lot. I do it with Raisin Cane. That story, I do it with the story on the catapults on the aircraft carries. I do it with a lot of different stories. When I mention Dr. Hannibal Lecter, I'm using that as an example of people that are coming in from silence of the lamps. I use it. They say it's terrible.


So they say, so I'll give this long complex area, for instance, that I talked about a lot of different territory. The bottom line is, I said, the most important thing, we are gonna bring more plans into your state and this country to make automobiles. We're gonna be bigger than before, but the fake news, there's, and there's a lot of them back there. If you know for a town hall this, a lot of people, but the fake news likes to say, the fake news likes to say, oh, he was rambling. No, no, that's not rambling. That's genius. When you can connect the dots, you gotta Now. Now Sarah, if you couldn't connect the dots, you got a problem.


But every dot was connected and many stories were told in that little paragraph, Alright, pallet cleanser, let's have Governor Walls tell you the MAGA Republican game about how they tell you government doesn't work. And then they get elected and prove it. But I will say this on the second one, this is the one thing he kept his word on and he actually followed through with it. He said to his rich buddies, well, you're rich as hell and I'm gonna give you a tax cut. He did. He did give a tax cut to the wealthiest amongst us, all the while creating the largest debt of any president in history. And then as our Republican friends are so apt to do, they tell you government doesn't work, then they get elected and prove it.


We know that. We know that shell game. And the third thing he did, and he brags about this often, he forgets about this too. He rammed through three judges who made sure that women are no longer responsible for their own healthcare choices. And I don't know, he found a little enough energy to do this. He did all that before he tried to violently overthrow our election and deny a free and fair election.


As a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite. Before and after gym snack. Every serving of magic spoons cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carbs so you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way. To get 11 grams of protein on the go, and for the first time ever, magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have one every morning to start the day off on the right foot and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off magic spoon. Hold on to the dream magic spoon.com/midas.


Meanwhile, vice President Kamala Harris spoke at the National Association, a black journalist where she shared her thoughts on Trump's recent attacks on the Haitian immigrants in this country. The American people deserve, and I do believe want better than this. I do believe that. I know, I know. The vast majority of us, as Americans know, we have so much more in common than what separates us. I know that. I know that regardless of someone's background, their race, their gender, their geographic location, I know that people are deeply troubled by what is happening to that community in Springfield, Ohio.


And it's gotta stop. And we've gotta say that you cannot be entrusted with standing behind the seal of the President of the United States of America engaging in that hateful rhetoric that as usual is designed to divide us as a country is designed to have people pointing fingers at each other. It's designed to do that. And I think most people in our country, regardless of their race, are starting to see through this nonsense and and to say, you know what?


Let's turn the page on this. This is exhausting and it's harmful and it's hateful and, and, and, and grounded in some age old stuff that we should not have the tolerance for. So let's turn the page and chart a new way forward and say you can't have that microphone again. I could not agree More, but, but let's check in with what JD Vance was saying at around the same time where JD Vance blames the media for the chaos of what's happening in Springfield, Ohio as a result of his and Donald Trump's words. Hi, Senator Vance, Katrina Kaufman, CBS News. So a woman who was behind an early Facebook post about the Haitian migrants in Springfield has now apologized for spreading false rumors.


You say that you have a responsibility to share what your constituents tell you, but don't you also have a responsibility to fact check them first? Well, I think the media has a responsibility to fact check the residents of Springfield. Not lie about that I mean. Here's JD Vance being asked for his response on Senate Republicans yesterday blocking the right to IVF Act for the second time. The Senate today blocked an IVF bill. Do you have any comments you wanna share about that? Especially considering last time Trump was in Western Wisconsin, he shared his support for that.


So I think we have to be careful here because the, the Senate did not block an IVF bill. The Senate blocked a ridiculous show vote Bill that had no chance of Passing. Yeah, well it had no chance of passing because Republicans voted against it. Anyway. Vice President Harris's momentum continues to increase just a little bit after Taylor Swift endorsed Kamala Harris. Now we get another big endorsement from a Pop Superstar. We got an endorsement from Billy Eilish and her brother and fellow musician, Phineas. Check this out. Today is National Voter Registration Day and we are asking you to please join us in going to I will vote.com to check your status and vote early like we do.


We are voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls because they are fighting to protect our reproductive freedom, our planet, and our democracy. We can't let extremists control our lives, our freedoms and our future. The only way to stop them and the Dangerous Project 2025 agenda is to vote and elect Kamala Harris Vote like your life depends on it because it does Go to i will vote.com and make a plan to vote early. Love you guys And as you think about how you're gonna vote in this election, I encourage you to look at how these candidates are behaving right now. We see that JD Vance and Donald Trump are literally, as we speak, endangering the lives of people in Springfield, Ohio with their lies.


Here's a list of all these places in Springfield, Ohio that have either been placed on lockdown, evacuated, closed, or have been searched at some point over the last week due to threats because of these phony stories that are being spread by Vance and Trump. We got Springfield City Hall, Springfield Bureau of Motor Vehicles, the driver's exam station, the local Ohio Licensed Bureau, the Government Center, the Clark County Department of Job and Family Services, the Clark County Common Please Court, the Clark County Board of Education, the Clark County Juvenile Court, the AB Grand Building, the Springfield Academy of Excellence, the Fulton Elementary School, Perrin Woods Elementary School, snow Hill Elementary School, Roosevelt Middle School, Kettering Health, Springfield, mercy Health, Springfield Regional Medical Center, Wittenberg University, Clark State College, Simon Kenton Elementary School, Kenwood Elementary School.


I know that's a lot to read, but I felt it was important to go over all of them just to show you the extent of the damage that is being caused by these lies. Just to score political points to try to rile people up into a fervor. It is absolutely disgusting what we are seeing. And meanwhile, you have Donald Trump who is now running against Donald Trump. Apparently Donald Trump is now vowing to repeal part of his own tax cut plan in a bid to win over New Yorkers. don don't know why Donald Trump thinks that he could win New York, but he is desperate right now for every single vote and he is throwing everything at the wall to see what sticks. So he is literally going against his own plan that he implemented with his tax cuts, which disproportionately ended up affecting blue states.


This is when he reduced the cap on assault the state and local taxes, which disproportionately affected states like New York and California. Now, Trump says he's going to reverse the policy on state and local tax deduct deductibility that he signed into law in his own tax bill. If he is elected, and you could see his whole post here, once again, these desperate all caps, what the hell do you have to lose? I will turn it around, get salt back. You got rid of salt. That was that. You did that. You can't just act like you're gonna fix the problem that you created, but I know that's what you always do. You break it, then you want to be the person who comes in and fixes it.


But people see through the bs. Oh, by the way, I, we showed those clips of JD Vance. What you couldn't really see there is that this was a very small venue that JD Vance was speaking in it like as Ron Philip Kowski, our editor and chief said, is this someone's garage? Take a look at this picture. It's just this Trump campaign is getting embarrassing folks. He is spiraling out of control every single day. It is something crazy. It is more lies, it is more deranged messages. And you know that we here at the Midas, Touch Network are going to stay on top of it a hundred percent for you. We are not letting any of this insanity slide. We are gonna call it out every single time. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I am filling in, as you all know for Ben who is on Baby watch.


And we will give you all the details on that when we can. I want to Thank you for all the support. Remember to like this video, remember to subscribe, remember to leave a comment, remember to subscribe to the Might as Touch Audio podcast. All of this helps us a whole lot. And I know Ben is checking in throughout the day. And if he sees that all of you are tuned in and that are loving these videos, I know that it's gonna make him happy as well. And by the way, I've sent him all your love and he is so appreciative. Thank you so much and I'll see you next time.