
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


The NBA 82 Game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a Veri Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Hi, I'm Kristen Bell. Carvana makes car buying easy. Isn't that right, hun? Dax Dax, Sorry. Did you know about this seven day money back guarantee A week to evaluate seat coms, you say A week of terrain tests. Yeah, I can test the brake pad resistance at variable speeds. Make sure all the kids' stuff fits nicely. Make sure our stuff fits nicely. Oh, the right Still need to buy the car getting ahead of ourselves. Here. Buy your car with Carvana today.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes? Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


Weak, pathetic, vile, cruel. All of these things describe that piece of trash in the Oval Office named Donald Trump, who increasingly looks so utterly pathetic to the inter international community. And we know here in the United States that his approval is plummeting and I think the world is seeing what a pathetic and weak fool he is. This meme right here is kind of defining the Trump regime Right now. It's Donald Trump in AI form wagging his finger at a little girl saying, you will own one doll and one pencil and you will be happy little girl and you're gonna pay more money for it because the Trump regime, central planners say That's what little girls get.


Stop asking for all of these dolls. That's actually something that Donald Trump's been repeating over and over again as his presidency continues to plummet and spiral out of control. Now, as Donald Trump is doing that, let's take a look at what else he's doing as well. Of course, yesterday he continued to push his Trump meme coins enriching himself as he's still done no deals in the trade war against the world. One of the things we've learned is that the Trump family net worth, though, while Donald Trump's wagging his fingers at little girls saying You can only own one pencil in $1. And while mortgage rates are soaring and housing is less affordable and inflation is on the rise, the new Goldman Sachs report shows inflation's coming back and it's coming back.


Bad folks. Donald Trump's family's net worth has increased by $2.9 billion thanks to crypto investments according to new reports. Also, we know that the Abu Dhabi fund is gonna be using Trump crypto in billions of dollars worth of transactions, shifting transaction fees right into Donald Trump and his kids' pocket. As Donald Trump then continues to do deals with Qatar for Trump Resorts deals with Saudi Arabia for Trump resorts in Oman, and Don Jr. Continues with his club called the Executive Branch, which he's selling memberships for, for $500,000 a membership.


One of the things that went down yesterday that we gotta talk about as well is Donald Trump firing his surgeon, general VIIA social media pots. Now, Donald Trump's prior surgeon General was a surgeon general named Dr. Naat and Laura Loomer wanted that doctor fired. So then Donald Trump hired like a, like a social media, like a junk science, fake science kind of influencer person by the name of Casey means, who I don't even think is a licensed doctor to be the surgeon General. And of course, Donald Trump announced it VIIA social media post Donald Trump goes.


I'm pleased to announce that Dr. Casey means will be nominated as our next surgeon general of the United States of America. Casey has impeccable Maha credentials, MAHA credentials, and will work closely with our wonderful Secretary of Health and Human Services, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Well, Andrea Love PhD explains. Casey means is a grifter who dropped out of her ENT residency to start a company selling glucose monitors and health all to non-diabetics. She doesn't know basic science yet claims she's a metabolism expert. Incomplete ENT residency does not an expert make, but of course she's now up for Surgeon General.


Pat Dennis says, here's a list of things our new surgeon, general Casey means did to find love at age 35 per her newsletter shrine. Full moon ceremonies. She talked to trees and then she did mushrooms. Even Donald Trump's close advisor, Laura Loomer says, what are you doing? Aren't surgeon generals supposed to be top top doctors? Not people who appear not to even have their licenses? We'll report on more on this today, but that's Donald Trump's surgeon general for you folks. Also, Donald Trump tends to announce today, according to the New York Times, that he's gonna do some sort of deal with the United Kingdom, but it seems to be one of those fake deals to manipulate the market again, because Donald Trump realized that systemically our market, our actual economy right now is breaking.


But what he saw with his trade war against the world is that he can move the market and manipulate it, especially for his rich oligarch friends who get inside tips or learn about it through private meetings. And he can do that by tweeting and posting about things. But when you actually look at what this UK supposed deal is going to be, the deal won't even get rid of the 10% tariffs on the uk. It looks like there will be a reduction in tariffs on British cars and exchange for the UK lowering taxes on digital services like Google. So it's not a deal is, is this one of those sub deals that Treasury Secretary Scott Besant is talking about is Spencer ey and says, yeah, every six hours Donald Trump's gonna come back with a new massive trade deal that ends up being absolutely nothing just to pump the markets for a few hours.


Here was Donald Trump yesterday during that bizarre press conference that we covered here in the Midas Touch Network where he was asked, are you willing to pull back your tariffs to get, get China to the negotiating table? Remember, treasury Secretary Scott Besson says he's going to Switzerland to speak with China's trade representatives. So the reporter asks, are you gonna pull back any of these tariffs? Trump sabotages, treasury Secretary Scott Besson talks with China before they even begin. Trump says, no, here, play this clip right here. In order To have substantive negotiations, you have to bring down your 145% tariffs. Are you open to pulling back your tariffs in order to get China to the negotiating Table? No.


A reporter then follows up with Donald Trump and says, China said that the US initiated the trade talks this week. What do you say about that? To which Donald Trump said, they're wrong. They're lying. Eh, Donald Trump, you pretty much have the track record of lying right here. Let's play that clip. We will, but we haven't made that decision yet. President, President China said the US initiated the trade talks this week and that its position hasn't changed. Are you still confident you can reach a deal with China? They said we initiated it. Well, I think they ought to go back and study their files. Okay, I do think that That's what Donald Trump's saying right there. What is Xi Jinping saying? Well, Xi Jinping is taking a trip to Russia where he is gonna be in Moscow meeting with Vladimir Putin.


Do you see, by the way, both of them giving Donald Trump the middle finger right here? It is a move showing that they think Donald Trump is utterly weakened, pathetic. And trust me, our NATO allies who now see Donald Trump as weakened pathetic know exactly what this meeting between Putin and Xi Jinping is about. And ahead of this meeting, China Xi Jinping likens us hegemony to fascist forces ahead of this meeting. Xi Jinping has drawn a parallel between the modern day US hegemony and the arrogant fascist forces of 80 years ago, ahead of Thursday's, Moscow Summit with Vladimir Putin and Second World War Victory Day celebrations.


The Chinese and Russian president are using the visit to signal the strength of their alliance against the US-led international order as Donald Trump unleashes tariffs on Beijing and tries to push Moscow towards a peace deal. I don't think that's what Donald Trump's actually doing there. The just forces, this is the quote from Xi, the just forces of the world, including China and the Soviet Union fought bravely and defeated the arrogant fascist forces side by side. Xi wrote in an article published in Russian and Chinese media before his arrival in Moscow on Wednesday. He added 80 years later. Unilateralism, hegemony and bullying are extremely harmful. Humanity is once again at a crossroads.


Moscow struck a similar note in the run up to to Thursday summit, the first between Putin and Jesus. Since Trump took office in January, the just forces of the world, including China and the Soviet Union fought bravely side by side to defeat the arrogant fascist forces she wrote in the article. And, and, and again, an analogizing it once again to what's going on right now. Wanna share this with you though? 'cause let me bring you some other just objective data. I wanna share with you what's going on in the Seattle ports. So first I wanna show you the guy who's leading the Seattle ports right now, so you can see what he's saying about the ships coming in.


Let's play this clip first, let's play it Of America. So it's great to have you here tonight, sir, the tariffs so far. I wonder for you directly, what is the impact that you're seeing? How could you sum up how much your job has changed because of the policies coming outta the White House tonight? Thanks for having me, Caitlin. You know, I can see it right over my shoulder here. I'm looking out at the port of Seattle right now, and we currently have no container ships at birth, and that happens every once in a while in, in normal times. But it, it is pretty rare. And so to see it tonight is I think a stark reminder that the impacts of the tariffs have real implications. It means that we don't have longshore workers on the dock right now unloading merchandise. We don't have trains taking that merchandise to, to inland ports and all the way across the country to places like Des Moines, Iowa, and Chicago, Illinois.


And that's hundreds of jobs right here in our region and across the country. You have none at your port right now. We we currently do not have any container ships at port right now. That's correct. And that's because just nothing is being shipped over. I mean, that's pretty remarkable. Well, It, it is, it's pretty unusual. We do anticipate, I, I was looking at our schedule. We anticipate about 25 vessel calls between here and the Port of Tacoma over the next seven days. And keep in mind, we're not just importing from Asia or just China. We, we do have activity from all over the world, largely the Pacific Rim, but we are seeing a significant drop in, in container volume through our, And now, let me play for you, the guy who's leading the ports in Los Angeles in Long Beach over here.


So you can see what he's saying right now here, play this clip. Just describe for us, let's take a beat, really frame it for us, how much volume has just dropped off in the last few weeks? Yeah, about a third of the import volume, which means give or take about 50,000, 20 foot equivalent units gone off the arrivals coming in next week From, from next week is when you expect to see this really hit. That's correct. And that matches up the announcements back on April 2nd. Then on April 8th, a little bit of a change on everybody ex China, Mexico, Canada, and those arrivals are coming at us this weekend. We'll, Of course dedicate time to your port, but I'm just wondering how you are anticipating this rolls and ripples through the economy from here, how it hits trucking when this turns up on the shelf.


What's the distance, the time from when you see a drop off in volume and when we as consumers see the shortages, Right? So CEOs are telling me, hit the pause button, right? I'm not gonna import anymore at these kind of prices. Let's wait and see. I don't know if it's gonna be two hours, two days or two weeks till I get some clarity. Then hiring off the table for right now, capital investment pause. And the retailers are telling me that realistically with ev even the 10%, I'm gonna have to pass it on to the consumers. So, So how much is this really coming from all over? It's not just about China. This is about really global trade coming to a standstill until there is a much greater degree of certainty and a much lower tariff rate than even the baseline that's been put out there.


Yeah, when I was last with you all, Lisa, I said, global trade's gonna slow, economies will follow. And that's exactly what we're seeing back in November. So Many of us were wring our hands about 4% inflation. We've just added 10 percentage points of import imports coming outta Southeast Asia for our port and these unbelievable numbers out of China. Now, I bring you that objective data because while Donald Trump's out there lying, while you see Xi Jinping and Putin forming stronger alliances against the United States. So you see what's going on there while you see a war between Pakistan and India, India Tech Pakistan after a terrorist attack in Kashmir, and that they're at war with each other right now, a hot war.


You see that Donald Trump has no clue what he's doing and all aspects, economic, foreign policy, you name it, Trump has no clue. So let me just show you one other objective data. I wanna show you hard data, the ports, and now I'll just show you what the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell said yesterday, here, play this clip. What looks likely, given the scope and scale of the tariffs is that we will see the, certainly the risks to higher inflation, higher unemployment have have increased. And if that's what we do see if, and if the tariffs are ultimately put in place at those levels, which we don't know, then, then we will see. We won't see further progress toward our goals, but we might see a delay in that.


I think in the, you know, in our, in our thinking, we would get, we would never, we, we never do anything but keep achieving those goals. But we, we would, at least for the next, let's say, year, we would, we would not be making progress toward those goals. Again, if that is, if that's the way the tariffs shake out. The thing is, We don't know that there's so much uncertainty about the scale, scope, timing, and persistence of the, of the tariffs. So I think that paints to you a clear picture of what's happening in the world right now. And we'll keep you posted every step of the way here on the Midas, Touch the mark. But the message over and over again is weakness, weakness, weakness of Donald Trump. I don't know how you come away with something different and you think Donald Trump's gonna do a deal with China after what China just said, or what Trump's saying about China.


What? What the worst deal maker ever. Destroyer. Not a builder. You tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.