
Shocking incriminating. Wow. Donald Trump just gave a disastrous Sunday night interview on Fox where He said, whoever even heard of getting indicted for interfering with presidential elections. Special counsel Jack Smith. Did you hear that? Play the clip. Whoever heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential election where you have every right to do it, you get indicted and you poll numbers go up when people get indicted, you poll numbers go down. Then Donald Trump says as if that was an incriminating enough. He says, you know, Kamala Harris, she treated Mike Pence so viciously the same way she treated Supreme Court justice.


Brett Kavanaugh, really Donald Trump. You think she treated former vice President, Mike Pence viciously by saying, excuse me, I'm talking here, play the clip. Things are happening that are so crazy. I, I think there's no human being that was ever treated worse in Congress than Justice Kavanaugh and Harris led the battle. That's right. Oh, she was vicious. Oh, she was the most vicious. She was going after them, just like with Mike Pence where she said, you're interrupting me. I want to talk. And that's why look, A, b, C is probably the worst in terms of fairness.


George Opolis, the B, the people they have there are just terrible. Jonathan Carl, and, but that's the only one she'll go to. Now the other, the other one is the head of A, B, C is her best friend and her husband's best friend too. It gets worse. It gets worse. Donald, Trump then says he's trying to negotiate deals with Vladimir Putin here play this clip. And He says, Putin told him certain things play the Clip than me. But we were, we were having a problem. You had Adam shifty Schiff and all these bad people, including Hillary and others coming up with his Russia hoax.


And I told Putin, I said, you know, it's a shame 'cause we could have done a lot of business to countries together, but with this whole fake thing that's going on. And he understood that. He said it's a fake deal. He said, he actually said to me, He said, it's tough to make a deal now. I said, you're right. It's tough. They created a fake narrative. This Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. It was a hoax. and we could have had a much different relationship with Russia. I will. He says Putin told him that it's a shame. What have they been talking about? What have they been saying to each other than Donald? Trump talks about how there was no ammunition when he came into the presidency to disgrace it.


And now He says there's still no ammunition. What in the world is he talking about? Play the clip. They also announced it very low on ammunition. When I came in, they announced we had no ammunition. And I said, number one, who's the stupid person saying that? You could tell me, tell a couple of people, but who's the person that wants to say the United States has no am We're giving it to all of our people all over the world, in particular Ukraine. We're giving them massive millions of dollars of stuff. And I rebuilt our military all in four years. I have great people. I had great people doing this, and I restocked our ammunition. We had so much ammunition. It was coming out the guilds, as they say, we had missiles, we have now, we don't have ammunition.


How would you like to be President Xi sitting there saying, America has no ammunition. We're so vulnerable. Donald Trump then lies and says that things were very divided. There were so much hatred and anxiety when former president Barack Obama was the president. No, there wasn't. It's when you divided Americans against Americans so you could try to become a dictator. Here, play the clip. I had to make a decision. Do I wanna do this? Do I wanna put the wife of the president of the United States and Secretary of State By the way do I wanna put her in prison? And I'm trying to unify a country that really was broken badly.


If you look at, you know, what was going on with Obama when I took this over This country was very, had tremendous hatred, anxiety, a lot of hatred. And do I wanna put the wife of a president of the United States in prison? I didn't wanna do that. And then when I get out, it's like, it's, it's amazing actually. It's amazing. And it's such a bad precedent because people are gonna think about it differently. They're gonna think about it differently and it's, it's very sad actually. And here he is again, ranting about some non-existent acid from Hillary Clinton in 2016.


He's still focused on that in 2024, play the clip. Now this is the United States. When it came to Hillary, you remember they subpoenaed her stuff and she bleach bit. That's where you just, it's basically acid. We're talking about stunning, shocking, incriminating admissions here. Donald Trump says that China paid him hundreds of billions of dollars, play this clip, And China paid me hundreds of billions of dollars. And then they say, oh, he are soft in China. I remember president and she said, if you are soft and me, I'd hate to see if you are bad. And By the way Putin said the exact same thing, if you are soft, I had hate to see you bad.


This is a good thing. You know the pressive. I said, get along with him. Great. The press would say, oh, He said he gets along with him. Great. No, this is a good thing. This is a smart thing. Then Donald Trump says he learned a lot of things about trucks by talking to trucks. Play the clip, figure This out. The American people, I think a lot of them want to know, how do you come by your decisions and how do you manage in the Oval Office? Well, I think that I learned, like I talked about the truckers, I learned about trucks. And by talking to them in five minutes, I knew as much as I'm gonna have to know to make decisions that are gonna be earth shattering for transportation, for moving cargo and moving. A lot of other things I learned from having interaction.


Some politicians don't have interaction. Some politicians aren't smart, they can't have interactions. I think you have A, and then Donald Trump talks about the enemy from within, how Americans he believes are more dangerous than our actual enemies abroad who are trying to kill us. That's Donald Trump's view. He has enemy lists and he just talks about it on this Fox Propaganda interview, play this clip. We have the enemy outside, which would be the very standard countries, and we have the enemy from within. We have some very sick people from within. I think that the people that go around indicting their political opponent, especially when their political opponent didn't wanna do it to them, I could have done it so easy.


Have you heard that the flavored air category is quickly becoming the leading alternative to vaping and smoking? It's a whole new movement towards better habits led by the sponsor of this video. Fume Fume is an award-winning flavored air device. Flavored air isn't like vaping if Vapor was compared to sticky soda fume cores or closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, and orange vanilla. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics vapor or combustion Fume draws flavor to your mouth. Fume fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave you still have something to reach for. Fume is not a vape. There's no vapor and you could use it anywhere. There's no nicotine. It's not addictive. The non-toxic flavors are a guilt-free alternative fume doesn't use any batteries, so you'll never need to charge it. The design is super sleek, it looks awesome, and you can truly feel the weighted high quality design. One of the things about Fume is that it's made to fidget with and it calms anxiety with magnets, STAs and Clicks fume continuously invest in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products. Fume is also backed by doctors in the United States. My favorite fume flavor is Crisp Mint is honestly delicious and I couldn't recommend this more for anyone trying to quit their bad habit. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story For a limited time, use my code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to tri fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com, tri fume.com. Use code Midas or scan the QR code on screen to get a free gift with your order today.


And you want to talk about this Fox propaganda interview. Here are the host, mark Levin, who talks like that. He goes, I'm Mark Levin here. He goes, oh, well everybody knows you love religion. You go to the church all the time down. You're a very religious man. What in the world even is this? This would make North Korea go, wow, this is some next level propaganda. How is this happening in the United States of America? play this clip. You've been a man of faith. You go to church. You believe in God has this further your belief, your commitment meant, and obviously God, in addition to that chart saved your life.


He has a purpose for you. Do you think about these things? Well, I think you believe more because when you speak to experts like sons who are shooting experts, but when you speak to experts, they said there was no chance that he could have missed from that distance. I think he was hurried. I think he was rushed because people were starting to say like, you know, there's a guy up there with a gun. He's not a man of faith. He's a man of hate. He's not even a man. He's someone who hates faith, who wants to divide us regardless of what your faith is, punch down, harm marginalized communities. Take away our freedoms. And here he is again.


Donald. Trump gets those softball questions. He's like, I just think that that God is here for me. play this clip. But no, I think you think like if, if you believe in God, you believe in God more. And somebody said like, why? And, and I'd like to think that God thinks that I'm gonna straighten out our country. Our country is so sick and it's so broken. Our country is just broken. And maybe that was the reason. I don't know. I don't know. A lot of people have did you Again, so utterly despicable. But let me show you what Donald Trump said though about former vice President Mike Pence.


Remember this tweet where Donald Trump said Mike Pence didn't have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our country and our constitution, giving states a chance to certify a corrected set of facts, not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones, which they were asked to previously certify. USA demands the truth. Remember what He said leading up to the insurrection, remember what He said on the ellipse about Mike Pence? Remember Donald Trump tried to overthrow a free and fair election the first time in American history. He tried to thrust upon our country like the predator he is and authoritarian regimes stealing the votes of millions of Americans. Play the clip Mike Pence, and I hope Mike is gonna do the right thing.


I hope so. I hope so because if Mike Pence does the right thing, we win the election. All vice President Pence has to do is send it back to the States to recertify and we become President and you are the happiest people. And Mike Pence is gonna have to come through for us. And if he doesn't, that will be a a sad day for our country. They wanna recertify. But the only way that can happen is if Mike Pence agrees to send it back. Mike Pence has to agree to send it back. And Mike Pence, I hope you're gonna stand up for the good of our Constitution and for the good of our country.


And if you're not, I'm gonna be very disappointed in you. I will tell you right now, I'm not hearing good stories. So let's walk down Pennsylvania Avenue. My kids didn't have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our country and our constitution. Giving states a chance to certify a corrected set of facts, not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones which they were asked to previously certify us. Demands the truth bring.


We could compare that to what happened when vice President Kamala Harris debated Pence We can play that clip. Let's play it. This Is important and I wanna add, but if Mr. vice President, I'm speaking, I have, I'm speaking it is asking too much of the people. Susan, we talked about vice President is asking too much of the people. Well, Susan Thank you. Although I would like to go back, I, I think, think we need to move on To the issue. But I would like to go back in 1864. No, I'd like you to answer the question. Yes, Mr. vice President speaking. I'm speaking. Okay, thank You. Still learn from it. And I, I think Vice American people I see again, can be Proud vice President. I'm sorry, you time what we have done, she has 15 seconds because, well, I gotta have, We're trying to Look well, you, I'm sorry, but vice President had more time than she's had The truth than the fact is Joe Biden has been very clear.


He will not raise taxes on anybody who makes less than $400,000 a year. He Said he gonna appeal the Trump tax Credit. Mr. vice President. I'm speaking. Wait, I'm speaking. If you don't mind letting me finish. We can then have a conversation. Okay, please. Okay. So no wonder we're seeing the A BC Ipsos poll of likely Voters that vice President, Kamala Harris is leading 52% to 46% because we're absolutely watching a felon sicko individual giving these softball get, getting softball interviews from Fox and behaving that way. It's utterly despicable, but you can judge for yourself. I, I'm just letting you know how I feel after watching that.


Thanks for watching. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Hit subscribe. thank you very much. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.