
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial. At Shopify dot com slash special offer,


Your burger is served and this is our finest Pepsi Zero Sugar. It's sweet profile, perfectly balances the savory notes of your burger. That Is One perfect combination. Burgers deserve Pepsi.


This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back. And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Surprise surprise. Donald Trump has run back into his bunker this weekend at Bedminster New Jersey where he will be playing golf on the taxpayer's dime while the entire world is mocking him. The keyboard warrior Donald Trump. On this Saturday, he's been posting away on social media on Instagram pictures that make him look tough, like he posted this photo of ice agents and border patrol agents and National Guard who he has federalized all in their military uniforms. And it goes, we show up, we stand firm.


We carry out the mission despite the noise. And you go through this video, they're entering into the Santa Fe Springs swap beat where it says, family fun, live music, shopping, open six days a week. Oh, tough guys dressed in your military uniforms going into the Santa Fe swap meet while Donald Trump says emails, sends emails like the following. Ben, our once great American cities like Los Angeles have been invaded and occupied by illegal aliens and criminals. So I came up with this idea after watching insurrectionist mobs try and sabotage our deportation operations.


And then you click the idea and guess what it says, says, click here for the idea. Then it says, you gotta donate money to Donald Trump while Donald Trump is hiding in his bunker. Little bunker. Boy. Today, on Saturday, as I said, the world is mocking him. The Japanese have canceled a critical meeting with Donald Trump that was scheduled for July 1st because they don't want to be seen around him before the upper chamber and the Japanese legislature holds their election on July 20th. Also, you have people in the Trump regime, department of Defense who keep on changing the deal requests of Japan.


They say, oh, we want you to spend 3% more, 3.5% more of defense spending. And Japan's like, just shut up. We don't even wanna see. We don't even see or hear you. And you are embarrassing to us. And you'll harm the ability of the liberal democratic party to keep the seats. It's already expected to lose. On July 20th, you had India Prime Minister Modi reject an invite to the White House this past week, and on the Russian State propaganda tv. You wanna see what they're doing right now? Well, here they are basically saying they're mocking Donald Trump for leaving the G seven like a baby. And they're like, it seems like he was like a, like a drunk, like a like a little sad, pathetic little boy.


And this Russian state TV propaganda. This comes from Putin. Let me show you the first clip of what's going on right now in Russian tv. You won't see this in the United States. Yeah, Fox and everyone, they'll pretend, oh, America's strong projecting strength. They are laughing at us throughout the world. Here play this clip right here. Now Let's look at the body language. Trump left the G seven fleeing as if he'd been hit with a dusty sack. If I didn't know his personal history that he hasn't drunk all his life, I'd have the full impression that he was drunk. He was in a groggy state And wanna know one of the other things that they're mocking us for in Russia, and frankly, the entire world. And by the way, they're right to do so.


And it pains me to say this, that Donald Trump keeps talking about building gigantic flagpoles in front of the north and south lawn of the White House. And even this Russian propagandist is like the whole world thought that Donald Trump, he said, I have a major speech to give. I'm coming out to let you know how I think about these issues. And the Russian propagandist is like, everybody thought he was gonna say, what are we gonna be doing with Iran? Because he's been saying, I'm gonna kill the Ayatollah. Everybody evacuate Toran now. And then this guy goes the, the Russian guy goes, and he goes out there and he starts talking about big poles and he's putting up a pole in the White House. You can't even believe this.


Here's, here's what the Russian propaganda TV's saying to mock the US now. And by the way, they not zoo is Russia. This is going on throughout the world. Here. Play this clip. CN states. Trump will make a serious pay. Trump comes out and says, I have decided in the lawn of the White House, I am placing two flagpoles on the left and right. They are wonderful, beautiful flagpoles with a cable inside for raising the face. I already explained this. He explained, I mean, he was really telling It is a great honor for me to announce and always, that's all that I will install. Two beautiful flagpoles on both sides of the White House on the north and south lawns.


This Is the only order of Trump that will be Fulfilled. Yes, I It's really like, now wait, wait. Is this serious? The people, everyone is waiting. So what you are probably referring to the fact that you're going to bomb Iran. Now what? Flagpoles, but such astonished journalists. Ask him, Frederick, wait, what are you talking about now? So naturally, Donald Trump is posting on Instagram while he's being a little bunker boy. This weekend, more videos of the gigantic pole that he's putting in the White House, north and south lawns turning into just a completely and utter eyesore.


Speaking of a complete and utter eyesore, what are they doing in the White House now while Trump's in Bedminster, New Jersey, golfing, destroying the Rose Garden. The Rose Garden is officially gone at the White House. It has been bulldozed over concrete has been placed on it.


Look, starting a new business can be intimidating. I get it. Midas Touch Network was not built overnight. You need the tools to help you engage in the day-to-day tasks, the growth. And so it's why we use Shopify. It made things easy for us. And I think you should use Shopify too. So Shopify is a commerce platform. It is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the United States. From household names like Mattel and Jim Shark. To brands like the Midas Touch Network get started with your own design studio with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build a beautiful online store to match your brand style, accelerate your content creation. Shopify is packed with helpful AI tools that write product descriptions, page headlines, and even enhance your product photography. Get the word out like you have a marketing team behind you, even if you don't easily create email and social media campaigns, wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling to the Midas Touch Network. And best yet, Shopify is your commerce expert. And with its world-class expertise and everything for managing inventory to international shipping, to processing returns and beyond, you can count on Shopify. If you're ready to sell, you are ready for Shopify. So turn your big business idea into boom, boom, boom with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your $1 per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash Midas. Go to Shopify dot com slash midas. One more time. That's Shopify dot com slash midas.


Donald Trump is basically turning it into like a patio. And so all of the kind of beauty and joy that the Rose Garden gave the American people, yes, Donald Trump has ripped that apart and he has put concrete over that. But surely the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, surely Pete Hegseth is taking things very seriously right now, right? I mean, is America on the verge of going to war with Iran? Israel has attacked Iran. I'm saying that they have a nuclear weapons and that there's gonna be potentially, you know, a nuclear bomb hitting the United States of America that if the United States doesn't act within days.


They said days ago that America's going to be obliterated by era. But Donald Trump says, I gotta go golf. I gotta go build some poles. I gotta, I gotta spend taxpayer money getting rid of the rose garden, putting up poles. What else? Playing golf on the taxpayer dime. Here's what Pete Hegg sits doing though. He's working hard preparing for war in the Middle East. He is smashing, he's, and posting about it. This is what he's posting about smashing watermelons. Here. Play this clip. Alright, 1, 2, 3.


What else is Donald Trump doing today? Oh, they're posting about their disastrous budget Bill. This bill will prevent the largest tax increase in American history. We're going to scare all of you. Okay? The people get that. Your disastrous budget bill is the biggest gift to billionaires and deca millionaires who are gonna get trillions of dollars in tax cuts, literally stealing the money from low income and working class people. And all of the stuff you said, no tax on social security, that's not in a bill. And you want to talk about no tax on tips and no tax on overtime. The way the Senate bill currently looks, they have so many exceptions on no tax on tips and no tax on overtime as it to not make a, a dent on people's lives at all.


Who by the way, will get screwed even worse by their healthcare being taken away. So now they're gonna have to go out of pocket on that, which they're not gonna be able to afford. Inability to afford homes, inflation increasing Donald Trump's tariffs. And literally, if you look at the structure of this disastrous budget bill, if you are making under $50,000, you give 1000 of your dollars to somebody making more than $4.2 million, who gets a $426,000 check back to them by literally stealing it from low income Americans. That, that's the structure of this thing. It, it's very easy. Hanana, democratic Congress member who represents Silicon Valley, the richest Americans live in Silicon Valley, democratic Congress member Roanna says, tax the rich more tax the, we could start with fairly because they're not being taxed fairly, but tax the rich more.


He goes, if I could say it in my district, why can't people say it in other districts as well? The American people. Get a look at the comments on this Instagram post that the Trump that Trump made, people are going, every single person has stated that this will increase the deficit by trillions of dollars. You are doing Trump math. Stop pretending that you're doing this for the American people. We aren't stupid. Huge tax ingress for middle class, increase for middle class and lower to feed the rich stop screwing over the working class. Don't sell 250 million acres of our public lands, please. And that's an important point. They're stealing 250 million acres of our public lands to turn it over for rich people so that the rich people can basically acqui acquire the lands for themselves of our public lands so that they could have their kind of vanity mansions out there.


Oh, Donald Trump sent this email today. Trump might wear this on the 4th of July. Ooh. It's a Make America Great again hat. Oh, and this is an important message to all the Trump supporters that Donald Trump sent yesterday. Ben, I made a big decision at the White House just now. Big decision and consultation with my trusted advisors like my son Don Jr. And our great vice president, JD Vance. I made the call to open a few more highly selective spots for Trump cabinet level advisory council. And the first one is going to you. I mean, the people who are getting this email think that they've become cabinet members by donating hundreds of their dollars, hundreds of dollars to Donald Trump.


And why are they donating money to Donald Trump? What's he running for? They're giving him money so that they can get a fake cabinet position. Oh, and his son, Don Jr. Is apparently working in the government now. I didn't know that, that Don Jr. Was, was actually an official American advisor while selling club memberships for something called the Executive branch. Literally, they have an, they have a club Don Jr. Called the Executive Branch, half a million dollars to Enter Don Jr. And the crypto are David Sachs. Oh. So that's interesting. Is that an admission right there? That, that, that you're actually are selling executive branch access.


Oh, we, we knew what was going on the entire time here as well. Well, there you have it folks. We'll keep you posted. This is what Donald Trump is doing from his bunker today. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Let's get to five. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. We got to five. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. New minus merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Job midas touch.com.