New York Life Insurance (0s):
You've maxed out your 401k, you're contributing to an IRA and making some other investments. You're ahead of the game and doing well, but where do you go from here? The same old story can only get you so far. If you want a new take from a new type of financial professional, we invite you to get a fresh perspective beside an agent with the backing of New York Life Insurance, investments, retirement, and more. Visit nyu.com to learn more. Investments are offered through registered representatives of Nlife Securities LLC Member Fin, a New York Life company.

Babbel (33s):
If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Backed Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.

NortonLifeLock (1m 2s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock during tax season. Your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for Identity Thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply

FanDuel (1m 31s):
Super Bowl 59 1 Game two teams endless possibilities and there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook, whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.

2 (2m 55s):
Eli Ivanka.

4 (2m 56s):
Yeah.

0 (2m 58s):
Yeah, that was an interview

5 (2m 59s):
Between Kanye West and Tucker Carlson from 2018. It's resurfacing now because Kanye went back on Twitter, or I guess it's now called X, and started implying that he had certain relations with Ivanka and this is as seems like Donald Trump is just kind of constantly humiliating. Ivanka. The thing to know about Ivanka is she was a major player in USAID and that's what Donald Trump and Elon Musk have been attacking over and over again. You know the irony, If you want to call it that, as Donald Trump and Elon Musk and MAGA spread, all of these lies saying that Ben Stiller and all of these entertainers got millions of dollars visiting Ukraine and for doing all of these things, which is quite literally Russian propaganda disinformation.

5 (3m 49s):
There is zero truth to it. It is quite literally all lies. When Ivanka was working in the first Trump administration, or I wouldn't say working, whatever the heck she was doing, initiatives related to her got paid about 250 to $300 million. She was pushing a USAID women's empowerment initiative where they would launch these initiatives in Africa and across the world and it was a major part of her priorities. Now, it should also be noted that she and Jared Kushner made about $650 million personally, and that doesn't include the $2 billion that Jared Kushner got for his own fund by the Saudi Sovereign Wealth Fund after he left office.

5 (4m 34s):
Remember during January 6th, Kushner was negotiating his own personal deals in the Middle East at that time. But this was a major part of what Ivanka was doing. And now Donald Trump, Elon Musk are basically calling the main initiative that Ivanka was part of a total fraud. And they are also now saying all these other celebrities were getting paid when that literally probably came from Russia. It's like a hundred percent false. Here are just some photos of Ivanka showing what USAID actually does. Wheelchairs for sick kids work for vulnerable women. If you actually go through the USAID records, you'll see that a lot of money was spent for her initiatives.

5 (5m 14s):
And you can make this stuff up folks. Back in 2019, Ivanka Trump loved usaid. Here, here it is right here. Here's a video of one of her initiatives. Let's play it As you again take a look at these. Spending $265 million from USAID to Ivanka's causes. USAID helped fund Melania Trump's B best program and Ivanka Trump's women's global Development and prosperity initiative during the first Trump term.

5 (5m 58s):
And each woman traveled with the agency on separate trips to Africa where they praised the investments it was making on the continent. Ivanka Trump traveled with the then USAID administrator, Mark Green to Africa in April, 2019, where they met with women entrepreneurs in Ethiopia and rural cocoa farmers on the Ivory Coast. USAID oversaw get this $265 million per year in spending Ivanka Trump's Women's Business initiative and an associated anti-poverty program. Just so you see it one more time and don't worry, I'm gonna connect the dots with Kanye, his posts and all of the, I think kind of Ivanka humiliation that Donald Trump is initiating.

5 (6m 40s):
But here is Ivanka promoting the work of USAID to uplift women around the world. Here play this clip,

7 (6m 49s):
1.7 billion women in low and middle income countries still do not own mobile phones, and the gap between men and women with access to the internet continues to widen.

8 (7m 1s):
Boosting women's empowerment is one of our agency's very highest priorities. We believe it's the right thing to do because equal opportunity is a fundamental American value, but it's also from a development perspective, the smart thing to do investing in women and girls accelerates development outcomes and health food security, conflict prevention. The list really goes on and on. Closing the digital divide helps to unlock billions of dollars and global GDP, everyone is better off

7 (7m 33s):
Together. On International Women's Day, we are able to highlight women's incredible contributions and launch new initiatives to empower women globally. USAID's newest Venture Women's Connect takes an innovative approach to bridging.

5 (7m 48s):
So it it's interesting that that's one the the main first agency that they're going after and they seem to be going after a lot of the types of programs that she was involved in or, or was related to. Alright, so then Kanye goes back on Twitter now X remember when the Magar Republican judiciary GOP account, like the official judiciary account for all of the GOP in the House of Representatives, they went Kanye, Elon Trump, right? Like Kanye was like the hero of the GOP. So he goes back on X, he's been off for a little bit or back on Twitter, whatever you call it, and says, George Farmer, I did not f your wife Rest easy.

5 (8m 34s):
Jared Kushner on the other hand. So the timing of all of this is, you know, I just think very interesting. You may have seen the report I did yesterday where Elon Musk seemed to be bringing up Jeffrey Epstein a lot, showed a video of Donald Trump's attorney General saying that, well, Trump's connection with Epstein was not as much, much as Clinton's, which by the way, I think is personally false. But you had Elon bringing that up also. Elon amplifying posts about how the Epstein files should be released and Dick Durbin, democratic senator was calling for them to be released. By the way, I thought Trump was going to release them. Didn't he say that was one of his campaign promises?

5 (9m 16s):
All of Donald Trump's campaign promises are total lies. Prices are not getting lower. Housing is not more affordable, inflation is not going down. The jobs report recently was weaker than expected in Trump's first month in office, And there has not been peace in Ukraine. In 24 hours, America's weaker, the world is less stable. But now we've, let's take a look at some of these things though, 'cause we've been digging back up some of these posts from 20 18, 20 19. Remember when MAGA Republican influencer Benny Johnson posted this, get you someone who looks at you the way Ivanka looks at Kanye? Well, hmm, hmm.

5 (9m 57s):
How about this post? Did Jared Kushner already know? Take a look at some of these posts with Kanye hanging out with Ivanka. How about this headline from Bustle in April of 2018? These theories about why Ivanka keeps following and unfollowing Kanye are absolutely wild. Or how about this, the hug between Ivanka and Kanye West in the Oval Office? How about this Trump, Kanye West and Ivanka at Trump Tower in 2016? Let me just play for you now that a little bit longer, clip about 23 seconds of that Tucker Carlson and Kanye interview here play this clip.

4 (10m 41s):
I, I keep telling this joke. If people say Trump was the first black president, I'm gonna be the first Latino president because all the values, the the conservative values just line up. Come on, man. Trump's a what do you mean he has his own buildings? We talk about He's like, like Ralph Lauren, he made Ivanka. You like Ivanka? Yeah.

quip (11m 6s):
How good is that feeling of fresh, clean teeth? Now I only used to get that true feeling twice a year after I went to the dentist. But that all changed. Now that I use the new Quip 360 rechargeable electric toothbrush, the new Quip 360 oscillating toothbrush literally revolves around you. Finally, an electric toothbrush that doesn't overcomplicate the most basic daily ritual. Quip 360 is a bold, simple design that comes in multiple colors and is ultra quiet for a super clean without being super annoying, accepted by the American Dental Association, Quip 360 is scientifically proven to remove up to 11 times more plaque between teeth compared to a manual toothbrush and provide up to two times more whitening on day one. If you don't absolutely love your Quip 360, return it for free within 30 days. If you do love it, brush easy knowing you get a free lifetime warranty for purchasing on Get Quip dot com. Get Quip QUI p.com and the opportunity to subscribe to refill heads by mail every three months so you never have to go to the store. And now with Quip Perks, Quip is literally putting their money where their mouth is. When you subscribe to autoship, you'll be enrolled in Quip Perks to earn credit back over time, free your mouth with Quip and discover the 25,005 star reviews and mouths already loving Quip. Just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast, get 20% off site wide and a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QU ip.com/midas. Free your mouth today and save 20% sitewide plus a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QUI p.com/midas. Get Quip QU ip.com/midas.

5 (13m 3s):
Yeah, now while I'm at it, I think I should show share with you as well, just so you can see it's, it's, I'm going on a slight tangent here, but I think it's important. This is Marco Rubio Over the years, CNN did a good job compiling these clips of Marco Rubio. So Marco Rubio right now who's also attacking usaid, which again, Ivanka had a, Ivanka actually had a major, pardon? Marco Rubio used to love u usaid. Republicans loved u usaid, it's like a major thing that republic, when the Republicans were like Republicans, they liked it. It was fairly bipartisan giving aid abroad. It was a major part of America's soft power. But look at all the things that Marco Rubio said about USAID before he put on the knee pads and kissed the ring of Donald Trump.

5 (13m 48s):
Here, play this clip.

9 (13m 49s):
Have to give foreign aid. We do so because it furthers our national interest. That's why we give foreign aid. Now, obviously there's a component to foreign aid that that's humanitarian in scope and that's important too. I promise you it's gonna be a lot harder to recruit someone to anti-Americanism, anti-American terrorism if the United States of America was the reason why they're even alive today. Anybody who tells you that we can slash foreign aid and that will bring us to balance is lying to you. Foreign aid is less than 1% of our budget. It's just not true.

5 (14m 18s):
While we're talking about, you know, this, the Kanye, Ivanka and Kanye saying all that about Ivanka, the attacks on usaid, I mean, just think about the closeness of Kanye to Donald Trump. Been to Mar-a-Lago Oval office was like a major part of kind of Donald Trump's like campaign. His events just in general, a big supporter of him. And by the way, this is what Kanye was posting. There are other ones where he's like promoting Hitler and, and a bunch, bunch of people today, I don't even wanna show you those, they're so disgusting. But a ton of posts from Kanye were like, Elon stole my Nazi swag at the inauguration.

5 (14m 60s):
Yo, my guy, get your own third rail. There's other more direct ones of him saying positive things about Adolf. It's all Hitler. The whole thing is so absolutely gross and disgusting. And speaking of gross and disgusting, you've got Donald Trump making weird posts like this with Tucker Carlson and Elon Musk wearing massive like maga hats. The, the whole thing is this is just utterly humiliating to the United States of America. I guess end to Ivanka. Here's just the fact check. I want to give, you know, Chelsea Clinton, Ben Stiller, Politico did not get millions from usaid. These are all doge hoaxes that are being spread and, you know, seeking to destroy the agencies.

5 (15m 42s):
But also, you know, going down on Trump's enemy list as ways to attack people, as ways to attack Zelensky by just spreading the, and people like Ben Stiller to spread this like zero truth to it. False, they paid all out of their pocket, but again, $300 million was spent on like Melania and Ivanka initiative. So I wanted to do the fact check here, but I also wanted to show you that this was like one of Ivanka's proudest things in the first administration was talking about USAID and now they're attacking it this way and then and depriving people who, who rely on it, who literally are gonna die if the aid is cut off.

5 (16m 23s):
Cruelty is the point. And it is worth noting that a federal judge at least temporarily halted the terminations of 2000 or so employees are putting them on leave, at least through next week. We'll keep you posted on the outcome of that court case, but put these connections together. Okay, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching.

10 (16m 47s):
Can't get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.

Libsyn Ads (17m 8s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.