
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets, terms and conditions apply


Audible gasps, shock and horror across Capitol Hill and across the United States of America. At this very moment, as Donald Trump has announced that he is nominating Matt Gates to be the next Attorney General of the United States and Tulsi Gabbard to be the next director of National Intelligence. I'm not making this up, folks. This is not a prank. This is real life. But as Democratic Congress member Jared Moscowitz said, this is what the people voted for. This is what MAGA wanted. This is what happens when corporate media both sides it. Let me repeat that one more time. Matt Gaetz, formally nominated by Donald Trump to be the next Attorney General of the United States and Tulsi Gabber, nominated to be the next director of National Intelligence of the United States.


As Anne grayer of CNN reports, house, GOP members were meeting behind close doors when they heard the news that Trump named Matt Gaetz to be his Attorney General. There was an audible gasp from the members in the room the moment they found out according to sources who were in the room. Let's take a look at some more information there. Melanie Zona, who was there as well, says, early reaction from GOP members on Trump selecting Matt Gates for Attorney General. Representative Don Bacon says, I've got no good comment. That's a Republican. Meanwhile, representative Garrett Graves, a Kevin McCarthy Ally, literally ran away from me and Annie grayer of CNN.


When we tried to ask him about Gates, ran away grabbing other members by the shoulders to use him as a body shield to block us. Josh Brent Shahan, reporter for Punchbowl News says, Senator Chuck Grassley was so exasperated by the Gates questions that he stopped talking to reporters and he stood there stone faced for about 30 seconds. Andrew DeRio says that his flown his phone has been blowing up with Senate Republican aids aghast at Trump's nomination of Matt Gaetz to be the next Attorney General of the United States, some quite confidently saying there's no way that their bosses, that the senators, even the Republican senators, will vote to confirm him.


We will see, recall Donald Trump wants to push through his nominations through a process called recess confirmations, where he doesn't even want the Senate to hold hearings. He wants to rule like a dictator. We reported earlier in the day that Republican Senator John Thune became the majority leader. He's more of a moderate Republican. We're ultimately gonna have to see what he does. Ron Philip Kowski writes, so did the Normies who voted for Trump because they think Biden made bacon more expensive, even though he didn't realize that Matt Gaetz would be Attorney General, a Putin propagandist, and Tulsi Gabbard would be the director of National Intelligence, and a Fox host would be Secretary of Defense.


Can't forget about that. Donald Trump named like a random Fox News host to be the Secretary of Defense. I have a feeling this won't be the last time that we say we try to warn you. Ron Philip Kowski also writes, shouldn't the Attorney General be someone who has actually practiced law at some point, we'll know what Matt Gaetz post things like this. Before the election, Matt Gaetz wrote the core plot of the Barbie movie was distracting men, so they wouldn't vote, don't make the Barbie movie come true. Matt Gaetz also said during the midterms that women who were upset about Roe being overturned were fat and ugly, and that's why they were concerned to begin with.


He says, 'cause they're fat and ugly. Here play this clip. Is it safe to say that based off of your comments, you're suggesting that these women at these abortion rallies are ugly and overweight? Yes. What do you say to people who think that those comments are offensive? Be offended By the way, others on Capitol Hill, like Mark Wayne Mullen, senator from Oklahoma had previously said that Matt Gaetz would brag about how he would crush erectile dysfunction medication and chase it with energy drinks so he could go all night, play this clip. You gotta think about this guy. This is a guy that didn't have, that the media didn't give a time of day to after he was accused of sleeping with a underage girl. And there's a reason why no one and the conference came and defended him because we had all seen the videos he was showing on the house floor that all of us had walked away of the girls that he had slept with.


He'd brag about how he would crush ed medicine and, and, and chase it with, with an energy drink so he could go all night. This is obviously before he got married. And so when that accusation came out, no one defended him, and then no one on the media would give him a time of the day. All of a sudden, he found fame because he opposed the Speaker of the House back in November and he's always stayed there and he's not, he was never gonna leave until he got this last moment of fame by saying, by, by going after a motion to vacate. It's important to know Congressman Gates has never been charged with any sex trafficking crime, and he gave this statement to CN in response. I don't think Mark Wayne Mullen and I have said 20 words to each other on the house floor.


This is a lie from someone who doesn't know me and who's coping with the death of the political career of his friend Kevin. Thoughts and prayers, Former Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy, said at the Republican National Convention that Matt Gaetz looked unhinged. People have concerns about him and that he hopes that the young women who Matt Gaetz was with will get the justice they deserve. Play this clip, get boot Off. That's the way You would get booed off the Stage. That's, that's the biggest challenge we have. He said you would To get booed off the stage. What's your response to him? Well, It, you know, he looks very unhinged. I mean a lot of people have concerns about him, and I'm not sure if he is on something, but I do hope he gets the help that he needs. But more importantly, I hope the young women get the justice they deserve when it comes to him.


I mean you're referring to the House Ethics Committee investigation that is ongoing To have Yeah. With with his partner in jail because they paid underage women for sex and drugs. Yeah, that's what I'm referring. So he He has denied all of that. I'm wondering, doesn't he deserve the presumption of innocence here? Well, people are in jail. The women have confirmed it. He came to me. If I sort still wanted to be speaker, I could have done something illegal and stopped. The Ethics committee investigation that started four years before he Told you to stop the ethics. Yeah. That that's what the, that's what the whole motion to vacate was about. He bel he wanted me to engage and thought somehow I started this investigation. It started long before I was ever speaker.


I, and as you know, as Congress, I don't get involved in ethics. It's an equal number. They could investigate me. It's, it's, it has to be an its own arm and branch. And so he wanted to leverage me to try to do that. And if I didn't, he wanted do a motion to vacate. And he, he's denied that, of course. That he urged you to stop the investigation. No, I had other members come to me. He came to me. I had other people who were on TV conversation. He talked to, yeah. Yeah. So no, there's no denying it. Here's Matt Gates, here's Kevin McCarthy again talking about Matt Gates. Play this clip because You were ousted because you tried to work with Democrats to keep the country from defaulting and to make what, spending cuts you could. No, that's what the press writes.


That's not why I Was, well, okay, so you were gonna say it's all because of Matt Gates. What exactly did he do as far as the house's investigation? I, I don't want To get all this, but Matt came to me. Matt has an ethics complaint, and if you watch a b, c news, apparently I'm not a liar. It's true about He has a challenge With what? With a minor and paying her money. It was, it was asked, put into place an ethics more before I'd ever became speaker. He wanted me to stop The ethics could challenge. I wouldn't, so he, he got some other people who didn't vote for me. Eight people and partnered with all the Democrats to remove me. Well, he calls you a liar. He denies having sex with a Minor. Really? So, so does he deny what Mark Wayne says? He said about, does he deny the testimony that the ethics committee has been given about what was said?


Does he deny he came up to me to try to influence me? Does he deny he told other people, even from your same network to call me about it? I, I don't know if all these people are liars. I don't believe that to be true. I know what transpired. Even if you look at Byron Donaldson's latest quote this week, Byron Byron Donalds. Yeah. Lord of the, the Flies. Yeah. That Matt Gate, what Matt Gates did has broken the Republican majority. He's now created. Lord of the Flies, peop ask anybody inside our conference, they actually know It.


So if you ever worried about the safety of your home and family, there's no better time to act right now. You can get 60% off a new SimpliSafe security system. Their best deal of the year. SimpliSafe is the home security I trust. I've been using it for years and love the peace of mind it brings. Knowing my home is protected 24 7. My listeners can get 60% off today just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash midas. That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F e.com/midas. Look, why I love it is because it's so much better than the old school systems that only take action once someone's already inside your home that's too fricking late. Simply saves active guard. Outdoor protection changes the whole game by preventing crime before it ever happens. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents, see them in real time, talk to them directly, set off your spotlight, and even call the police before they've had a chance to break in. You see it's proactive. SimpliSafe is offering our listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. Get at it this week only. You can get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan that is their best offer of the year. So head to SimpliSafe dot com slash midas. That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F e.com/midas SimpliSafe dot com slash midas. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Now let's talk about Tulsi Gabbard. Tulsi Gabbard, director of National Intelligence right now as she's nominated, many people believe that she has been compromised by Russia. She parrots a lot of direct Russia talking points. For example, we previously reported on this word for word Russia propaganda, where she posted the following. There are 25 plus US, 25 plus US funded biolab in Ukraine, which if breach would release and spread deadly pathogens to the US and the world, we must take action now to prevent disaster. US Russias Ukraine, nato, un EU must implement ceasefires now around these bio labs until they are secured and pathogens destroyed.


This is false. This is literally Vladimir Putin propaganda right now. Here's Hillary Clinton talking about Tulsi Gabbard many years back where she warned how she believed Russians were grooming Gabbard for a third party run or to try to interfere with American foreign policy. Play this clip. I'm not making any predictions, but I think they've got their eye on somebody who's currently in the Democratic primary and are grooming her to be the third party candidate. She's the the favorite of the Russians. They have a bunch of sites and bots and other ways of supporting her so far. Now, when asked if Clinton was referring to Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, democrat of Hawaii, Clinton spokesman said, quote, if the nesting doll fits, he added quote, if the Russian propaganda machine, both their state media and their bot and troll operations is backing a candidate aligned with their interests.


That is just a reality. It is not speculation. The Vote Vets Group came out with the following statement, Putin, putting Tulsi Gabbard in charge of our intelligence, which keeps Americans safe here and abroad is dangerous and reckless in Gabber. Trump has complete and total loyalists who will use and wield our intelligence to Trump's benefit, not to protect America and our Constitution. In combination with many of Trump's other appointments and nominations, we see a picture coming together of an administration made up of unqualified marginal zealots who will constantly be trying to please their dear leader rather than fulfill their oath to put the Constitution and the safety of the American people above the President's ego. Many warn that Trump would dispense all guardrails in a second term, so every whim of his would be carried out without question.


We are now seeing exactly what that looks like. Let's also show you this clip here of Alyssa Farrah On the View, talking about Tulsi Gabbard would be Vladimir Putin's dream ticket with Donald Trump. Well, Donald Trump just picked Putin's dream here, play this clip. So the thing to remember about Trump is first and foremost, he's running for president to stay outta jail. That's what this comes down to, right? Of course. So he wants to win, and I'm a little bit stunned that he said most of these folks are on the short list. Now, Donald Trump, Tulsi Gabbard would literally be Vladimir Putin's dream ticket. Yes. That does not, you would lose every normie Republican like myself who wants to stand by nato, wants Ukraine to defeat Russia. That's bizarre to me.


But some of the others were extremely weak as well. Vivera Swami, one of the most single off putting individuals I've ever seen on national television. He's less popular than Cruz. Well, Byron Donald, like Cruz, he stole money from his investors. Yeah. The one theme I saw here was a lot of of people who have a lot of rage, with probably the exception of Tim Scott, and to me, Tim Scott is what does he add? Unclear to me. Well, he like. Now finally, let me just show you this moment right here. This is when Pete Buttigieg called out Tulsi Gabbard during the Democratic primary debate, way back play this clip. I wanna get back to Pete Buttigieg and his comment about experience. I, Pete, you'll agree that the service that we both have provided to our country as veterans by itself, does not qualify us to serve as commander in chief.


I think the most recent example of your inexperience in national security and foreign policy came from your recent careless statement about how you as president be willing to send our troops to Mexico to fight the cartels. As commander in chief leader of our armed forces, I bring extensive experience serving for seven years in Congress on the Foreign Affairs Committee, on the Armed Services Committee, on the Homeland Security Committee, meeting with leaders of of countries around the world, working with military commanders of different commands, Congresswoman, dealing with high level national security briefings, understanding what's necessary, the preparation that I've gotten to walk in on day one to serve as Commander in chief congresswoman.


Thank you you, Mr. Merrill. I'll allow you to respond. I know that it's par for the course in Washington to take remarks out of context, but that is outlandish even by the standards of today's politics Are are you saying that you didn't say that. I was talking about US Mexico cooperation. We've been doing security cooperation with Mexico for years with law enforcement cooperation and a military relationship that could continue to be developed with training relationships, for example. Do you seriously think anybody on this stage is proposing invading Mexico? That that's not what I said I'm talking about that's not building up I's i's talking about what I Building up alliances. And if your question is about experience, let's also talk about judgment.


One of the foreign leaders you mentioned meeting was Bahar. Alsa. I have, in my experience, such as it is, whether you think it counts or not, since it wasn't accumulated in Washington, enough judgment that I would not have sat down with a murderous dictator like that. Well, there you have it folks. Donald Trump officially nominating Matt Gaetz now, and Tulsi Gabbard, Matt Gaetz, attorney General, Tulsi Gabbard, director of National Intelligence. Horrifying stuff. Shocking dc, shocking the nation, frankly. Shocking the world. Can't tell you how many calls I've gotten from people overseas saying, what the heck is happening to the United States of America?


We'll keep you posted with more updates here, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. It is more important than ever now that this community continues to grow and let's keep growing while they let us have YouTube while they let us on the air, because the way this is going, who knows? Who knows? But we're gonna fight back every day until, until they shut this thing down. Let's keep going folks. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.