
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40%. Off terms apply.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker. What else? Oh, it's Tracking in fact, value surge circular trucks up 2.5%. Vans down 1.7, Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Tracking Always know your car's worth with Carvana value Tracker.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski puts it best. Inflation is up. Prices are rising, interest rates are up. GDP is down. We are going to war with Iran. But the good news is Donald Trump had two new flagpoles put up at the White House yesterday, and that's what he was bragging about. Have you seen these gigantic polls on the north and south lawn of the White House? Donald Trump held a press conference where he used construction workers as props to talk about the gigantic flag poles he's putting in front and the back of the White House, which looks at like a total eyesore.


And as one commentator puts it, whether there is a new mid East War or not, is based on the whims of an attention seeking toddler. So Donald Trump is asked while he has these construction workers behind him about war with Iran and Donald Trump's response is, maybe I do it, maybe I don't do it. Maybe I don't even know. Maybe I'm gonna do it. Maybe I don't. I I don't even know. Here, play this clip. Will you strike the Iranian nuclear component and what time exactly? Sir, sir, would you strike it? Would you please inform us so we can be there and watch?


I mean, you don't know that I'm gonna even do it. You, you don't know. I may do it. I may not do it. I mean, nobody knows what I'm gonna do. I can't even believe that is a real clip that I am showing you. Donald Trump then posts great poll numbers for Trump and then maybe he thinks poll numbers are polls like actual physical polls going up. My polls are going up and he's talking about the gigantic flag polls because all of his polls are going down, down, down the worst polling in American presidential history. Essentially, whether it's Quinnipiac, whether it's u gov, whether it's AP, Newark, or even Fox.


Donald Trump's polling is like the worst ever while he's putting flag poles up. We also learned that the US is moving its military assets into the Middle East, making them vulnerable to Iranian attack. The US military has moved some aircraft and ships from bases in the Middle East that may be vulnerable to any potential Iranian attacks to sources, say as Trump is quote, getting comfortable with strikes on Iranian nuclear facility. Sources say, and they say that he's approved these strikes, but he's still waiting to give the order. But he's approved in theory, these strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities using American planes.


Now, Donald Trump was talking about war with Iran at a bizarre press conference he held yesterday with the UUs Italian football club who was there for the FIFA games. That's why they were in the United States. I'm not sure why they were in the Oval Office while Donald Trump was talking about war with Iran, with the UUs football Club behind him. 'cause he's an attention seeking toddler, no offense to attention seeking toddlers. Then Donald Trump lies and claims that the Iranians were begging to take a visit to the White House, which Iran then denied and said, we definitely do not want to be at the White House.


Donald Trump is an absolute liar. Here's Donald Trump saying that Iran wants to be at the White House with NTUs behind him play this clip. In the end, They decided not to do it, and now they wish they did it and they wanna meet. But it's, you know, it's a little late to meet, but they wanna meet and they want to come to the White House. They'll even come to the White House. So, we'll see. I may, I may do that, but it's, it's a shame. It wasn't, could have been done the easy way. Now, as you know, by now, Donald Trump fled the G seven on Monday. He was not there for the working session on Tuesday. He missed key meetings with President Zelinsky of Ukraine, prime Minister Modi of India, president Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico.


After I released this video that you're watching, I'm gonna do another video on how furious India is with Donald Trump because he keeps lying and making up that he negotiated the ceasefire and mediated it between India and Pakistan. But let me show you here, prime Minister Modi, speaking with French President Emmanuel Macron mocking Donald Trump for doing social media posts about war and things like that. Modi goes to the French president nowadays, I hear you fight on Twitter here, watch this. Nowadays you are a fight Twitter. Do you see them laughing at the United States?


Trump is quite literally the laughing stock. Here's more photos that Donald Trump and others have been posting about his flagpole. Well, you know Donald Trump, nice that you're talking about flagpoles in front of the White House. Again, it looks like a complete and utter eyesore. You know what Donald Trump did not address? Two soldiers deployed in the Middle East died in the past 48 hours, okay? And Donald Trump has not spoken about that at all. But why would he? Donald Trump hasn't spoken about the four US soldiers who died in Lithuania. The Lithuanian government gave them a respectful and solemn sendoff. Donald Trump totally ignored it. 'cause he says if he doesn't address it, he could just pretend it never happened.


Two United States soldiers died at the border. One lady died as a result of an Abrams tank falling on her following the military parade. Dozens of Americans have died in disastrous storms in the past two months. Donald Trump has not acknowledged any of that. He just thinks if he ignores the suffering and pretends it's not happening, then it just, it will just go away. Where do we hear that? Oh, COVID like a miracle. It will all just go away. Just pretend the problems aren't real. Don't effectuate your solemn duty as the President to address these things. You remember the clip I showed you right? Two days ago where Donald Trump was asked, Hey, are you gonna call Governor Walls of Minnesota?


Who was a target of the assassin in Minnesota and who was close friends with the state representative? The speaker who got killed by the assassin, as did her husband. Minnesota's going through a lot, right? So Trump was asked, Hey, you're gonna call Governor Walls? And Trump's like, why would I call that whack job? He's a wacko. Why would I call him? Remember when Trump said this play, this clip. Have you called the governor Yet or been able to speak to any of them? I don't really call him. He says, look, he appointed this guy to a position. I think the governor of Minnesota's so whacked out. I'm not calling him. He said he's the best. So, you know, I could be nice to go, but why waste that? Yeah, that's why this individual is unfit to be anywhere near proximity of leadership.


Okay? And again, as I've said, when I started the Midas Touch Network, I'm not a political guy. I've never even viewed these things. Oh, Democrat, oh, Republican, oh, liberal, oh, conserv. Let's just view it as human beings and adult behavior and acting mature and acting responsible and behaving like grownups. Like that behavior right there is sickening. That shouldn't be, oh, Republicans just behave that way. Or Oh, Democrat. No, that's just sickening freaking behavior. And Donald Trump's behavior is having real world ramifications on our attire economy. A massive stagflation warning was issued today.


The Fed is now predicting a brutal mix for 2025, inflation up, 3% growth down 1.4% unemployment, up 4.5%. They're holding interest rates steady for now, they expect maybe two interest rates cuts this year maybe. But we should have had multiple interest rate cuts right now. Former President Biden was bringing inflation down to 2% the Fed target, then Donald Trump declared a trade war against the world. Here's how Jerome Powell, chairman of the Federal's Reserve put it yesterday, play this clip Changes to trade. Immigration, fiscal, and regulatory policies continue to evolve and their effects on the economy remain uncertain.


The effects of tariffs will depend among other things on their ultimate level. Expectations of that level, and thus of the related economic effects reached a peak in April and have since declined even. So, increases in tariffs this year are likely to push up prices and weigh on economic activity. The effects on inflation could be short-lived, reflecting a one-time shift in the price level. It's also possible that the inflationary effects could instead be more persistent. Avoiding that outcome will depend on the size of the tariff effects, on how long it takes for them to pass through fully into prices and ultimately on keeping longer term inflation expectations Well anchored In contrast, Donald Trump bragging about his poll numbers yesterday next to the poll.


That's why I think he thinks the poll is a poll play this clip. So I may have some people that are a little bit unhappy now, but I have some people that are very happy and I have people outside of the base that can't believe that this is happening. They're so happy. And there was a poll that just came out today that my approval rating's the highest it's ever been. All I'm doing is saying you can't have a nuclear weapon. And I tried to do it nicely. And then on day 61, I said, let's go. 'cause we can't let that happen. And I've been saying it for 20 years. And, and that's not a crazy thought by me. I mean, here's Donald Trump. Who thinks he talks to Hann Lecter. Oh, what happened to Alcatraz? Is Alcatraz week done? What about Trump Gaza?


Wasn't he gonna build all the hotels there? What, what a what a, you know, the the things that this guy has said over the past several months that we cover at the Midas Touch Network that, that, that no one else does, really. Here he is yelling at his CNN reporter asking him a question. Play this clip Supporters are split on the US response to who you with. There's a Split fake news. Fortunately nobody watches, but my, is anybody watching CNN nowadays? I haven't seen it in a long time. So some of your supporters are wary of the us getting involved in another foreign wall.


I haven't seen and any, some believe that we Should support. Do you ever ask a positive question than CNN? My supporters are more in love with me today and I'm in love with them more than they were even at election Time. Just so you see how little respect world leaders have for him, just look at the wink right here with Prime Minister Kearney and the French President, Emmanuel Macron play this clip. I think we Got a lot done. Really? A lot done. In fact, uk we signed a big trade deal today and we're working on others, but we had a, just a really great relationship with everybody and it's really nice. I wish I could stay for tomorrow. But they understand. Well all of that is going on. Here's the Donald Trump ice agents disappearing.


Human beings. What I'm showing you in this video, people showing up to court, trying to do the right thing, going through their lawful process as ice agents. Wait for them in court, grab 'em, rip 'em apart from their family. This is happening every day, everywhere in the country. Thousands of times a day. The fascist United States of America. No wonder people don't wanna come here when this is what'll happen to you. Play this clip.


Horrific stuff right there. We'll keep you posted with more on the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe today. I think we will hit 5 million subscribers. Help us get there. Thanks for watching and have a good one. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.