
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


This was uniquely the worst week in presidential transition history. It couldn't have gone worse for Donald Trump. Donald Trump, who boasts about the stock market. This well, the stock market tanked this past week as the markets are completely rattled by Donald Trump's completely insane cabinet picks. You don't get much more insane than the cabinet picks. Psychotic, dangerous, unqualified potentially treasonous and traitorous picks. I mean. You've got just the kind of clumsy and weird and even outside of his cabinet, like Meet your new White House communications director, everybody.


Steve Chung right there. But you move into the actual cabinet. You've got RFK Junior to Lead Health and Human Services, someone who says we shouldn't do research into infectious disease. Someone who said that Covid was like manufactured from 5G Radio signals in order to overtake world markets with like Bitcoin. I can't even follow this guy's. Dangerous unhinged conspiracies. Who wants to ban fluoride from water? Who wants to basically fire everybody at HHS? Great pick there, Donald. The most dangerous person. Oh, then this guy right here, Peter Heep, the Weekend Fox and Friends host Peter Heep, and I don't want to hear, oh, well, Biden's hired people who were less qualified.


No, no, it's just not true. This is the most unqualified human being to ever set foot near the Defense Department, yet alone, become the Secretary of Defense. What a middle finger to the hardworking people who are gonna give this guy the nuclear codes right there. Also, it was a re revealed that he has sexual assault allegations against him, stemming back from 2017, which he denies cheated on his first wife with the second wife, cheated on the second wife with his third wife who he had a baby with while he was married. And the third wife, say Fox host family values, eh, the Party of Family Values, eh? Then Matt Gaetz as Attorney General, who is under investigation for being a Petto.


Yeah, just being a Petto attorney general. Someone who's never really practiced law in his entire career. Great pick there. Donald. Matt Gaetz as ag someone uniquely unqualified, and who has the moral character of Jeffrey Epstein? Oh, wait a minute, Donald, you were flying around in Epstein's jet during the campaign, the Lolita Express or whatever Epstein's plane was. Epstein tapes came out and your name was on it, but corporate media didn't want to talk about it, but I digress. We go from Matt Gaetz, Peter Hesi. Oh, how about Tulsi Gabbard to be the director of National Intelligence?


Yes. Someone who many believed to be directly compromised by Russia, who literally parrots word for word Russian propaganda, is someone who, when the Syrian dictator unleashed chemical weapons against his own people, she went rogue. Or perhaps she went tulsi and she went to Syria to hang out with him and give him a pat on the back and then tell America, he's our guy. We like chemical weapons against our own people. Oh, and then how about Mike Huckabee for, oh, didn't you sign peace plaques in Dearborn, Michigan to assure the Arab community that you got their back even though you had Muslim bans in 2016?


But they seem to believe you because the Palestinian and Arab communities actually voted for you over Vice President Kamala Harris. But now this week they were out there saying, Biden, please help. Donald Trump's doing the genocide. He wants to lead the genocide. In fact, Mike Huckabee, who Donald Trump picked to be the ambassador to Israel, doesn't even believe that the word Palestine is a word, won't actually call the West Bank. The West Bank. He calls it Judea and Sumera, and says that the West Bank is just a fictional concept and the term Palestine. He says, is it real? Not for a two-state solution. They want to demolish it, genocide it, the things that they actually said during the campaign, while vice President Kamala Harris said, we need to have a ceasefire in a two state solution.


But now the Arab communities, I'm not sure if they want to admit it or they're out there still yelling at Biden for some reason, but, oh, okay. That happened this week as well with Huckabee. Oh, and by the way, you created a fake agency this week. What a mature thing to do. There's now the Doji Agency, which according to Twitter, is an official government agency. Why? Because I guess you just say so and America's kakis ocracy, which means government of the stupid. You could just say Idiocracy, which go, okay, I guess there's a government agency with Elon Musk and Vivek Ramas Swami, who are fake cabinet levels. Let, let's just play dress up and just have fake cabinet leaders right now, and again, I wonder why the markets are crashing.


I wonder why now since you've taken office, we went from record stock markets. We haven't taken office yet. While you're still, while you're still in transition, now we have a 75% chance of a recession, which I think is a conservative estimate. It's probably more than that. But wait a minute. If we go back to 2019, there was a manufacturing recession back in 2019. I know people want to be like, oh, but Donald, poor Donald, he was doing so good. And then Covid just happened. And. it wasn't like Donald Trump said that it wasn't real And. it was a hoax and like a miracle. It was all gonna go away, and he handled it so irresponsibly that it caused way more devastation than it ever had to.


Had he actually been a freaking leader back in 2019, because it's called COVID-19, and actually sent our medical personnel to deal with the situation and be transparent with the America people. But why do any of that? Anyway, I digress. A Doge agency where Elon Musk and Vik Ram Swami say they're gonna basically cut $3 trillion. So say bye-Bye social security. Say bye-Bye to your Medicare. Say bye-Bye to your healthcare. Well, RFK Junior, of course, was saying, Bye-Bye to all of that. Anyway, just see the comparison right here, a retired four star general who Mags will say, that's a DEI hire, and Lloyd Austin, the defense secretary, imminently qualified working for President Biden.


Just say, you're racist. DEI hire this DI. You picked a Fox and Friends weekend host. What in the world are we talking about? Wait, did you hear that? Did you hear that? Cricket? Cricket? Did you hear that? Cricket? Oh, that is Donald Trump's homeland Security director, secretary of Homeland Security, Christy Nome, who killed her dog cricket and her goats and her horses, and God knows what else. She's now our homeland security. She was doing the the YMCA dance though with Donald. They loved the YMCA dance. She was doing that in other dance moves for 45 minutes or so when she would host town halls. And of course, corporate media wasn't saying, that's the most bizarre thing ever.


No, whatever. Let's talk about international affairs. Donald Trump's worst week ever. Donald Trump said, I strong. Well, remember when his promise that's already broken. He was saying in 24 hours of him being elected, he said that he would call it Vladimir Putin. He would call up Zelensky and he would end the war in Ukraine. Russia's unlawful invasion in Ukraine. But you didn't do that. You put Tulsi Gabbard there. Maybe that's part of your overall plan too, with Ukraine. But you could, but then Donald Trump leaks to the Washington Post. Remember this from this week. This is all this week. I feel like I'm talking about months right now. I'm talking about this freaking week He, he leaks to the Washington Post that he spoke to Putin, and he very powerfully told Putin, deescalate, deescalate.


So what does Vladimir Putin say? Does he go, yep, we had that conversation. We are interested in productive relations. No, Vladimir Putin said that any insinuation that there was a phone call between me and Donald Trump is pure fiction. In other words, Vladimir Putin, alpha ing, dominating, putting Donald Trump in his little beta place, and that's what America is right now to Russia, a laughing stock. The rest of the world's horrified, but to Russia and our adversaries, they're laughing at us on Russia state TV this week. Again, all this week stuff I'm talking about again, feels like a month. This week, Russia TV started posting nudes of Melania and laughing at her and saying, your body, your choice, your body, your choice, right?


Melania, that's what they were saying on Russian propaganda TV over and over again


as the chilly days of fall roll in and the holiday rush begins, it's easy to forget about taking care of yourself. Enter MUDWTR water, a soothing yet energizing coffee alternative that helps you stay sharp and balanced through the busiest time of the year, made from a blend of chai, cacao, and calming adaptogens like lions made reishi and chaga. MUDWTR water gives you a natural boost without a crash or those coffee jitters. It's why I love it, MUDWTR water. It's like your holiday self-care ritual in a cup packed with antioxidants and wellness benefits that nourish your body while keeping you centered and clearheaded through the chaos of the season. And boy, was there a lot of chaos this season that we've been navigating through. MUDWTR Water's been by my side every step of the way. So just like me give MUDWTR water a shot and save big, because our listeners, that's you, gets up to 43% off your entire order free shipping and a free rechargeable for author. So head to MUDWTR dot com slash midas. When the survey asks, please support our show and tell them Midas sent you. Again, go to MU dwt.com/midas. Really hope that you try this out. You will love it. There's also caffeine free blends if that's what you like. Using MUDWTR Water is as easy as cozying up on a Crystal Ball afternoon. So head to MUDWTR water.com and grab your starter kit for a limited time. Our listeners, get up to 43% off your entire code free shipping and a free rechargeable frother. One more time. That's MUDWTR water.com/midas. Check it out.


So in summary, that was Donald Trump's first week, not even as the president, as part of the transition. You have Republicans even taking to Fox and saying, this is disastrous. Matt Gaetz, Peter Heif, Tulsi Gabbard, who are they? What are you doing? What are you doing? Well, we will see now, if the Senate actually wants to have his advice and consent function, its constitutional duty, the MAGA candidate, by the way, Rick Scott lost in the first round of majority Leader votes.


Now it's a McConnell protege in Senator John Thon from South Dakota. He's the one who will be leading. He's the house. He's the Senate majority leader now. So now what? Now we go into hearings with Gates and RFK Jr and Tulsi Gabbard, and we have these public hearings. Well, me thinks that what's gonna happen. Let me just give you my prediction right now. Donald Trump, even if the Senate says they're not agreeing to recess appointments, Donald Trump's going to invoke an archaic provision of the Constitution, and he's gonna say, all of my cabinets, they're acting cabinet members.


I'm not going through the Senate. They're my people. There will be a showdown. There will be litigation before the Supreme Court all the while Donald Trump's doing bloody mass deportations. Just remember, Stephen Miller was also given a role in immigration. Also, all the Latinos for Trump now are Googling, wait, mass deportations. Is that real? Am I gonna have to, am I gonna get rounded up? Workplace raids? Workplace raids is what Trump is talking about. He brought in Tom Holman to be, the borders are, we'll keep you posted, but you don't really get more worse of a weak than that. The question is, are people waking up?


Hey, there's some signs of that, but knowledge is power. Our, our medium is this. YouTube channel is the podcast is what we do here. We just gotta get the word out. That's all we can do. Spread the message, spread the truth. Get good data out there. Hopefully people make decisions better. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.