
The definition of a charlatan is a person falsely claiming to have a special knowledge or skill, also known as a fraud. The definition of a malignant narcissist is a personality type that causes extreme narcissism, aggression, and sometimes abuse of others. A person may use manipulative means or violence to enhance their own sense of wellbeing. Charlatan meet malignant narcissists. Malignant narcissists meet charlatan. Donald Trump and the whole MAGA world is bragging that they got the endorsement of Charlatan. RFK Jr. Charlatan, RFK Jr is putting his arm around Donald Trump after vice President. Kamala. Harris refused to take his phone call because she recognized that he is a total fraud.


But I wanna just show you with the receipts how MAGA feels about RFK, how RFK feels about maga, and you can judge for yourself if those definitions I read at the beginning fit or if you have another definition form your own opinion. Let me show you what Donald Trump had previously said about RFK Junior. Here's what Donald Trump posted not too long ago, in April of 2024, Donald Trump writes, RFK Junior is a Democrat plant, a radical left liberal who's been put in place in order to help crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of the United States, get reelected.


A vote for RFK Jr would essentially be a wasted protest vote that could swing either way, but would only swing against the Democrats if Republicans knew the true story about him. RFK Jr is totally anti-gun. An extreme environmentalist who makes the green new scammers look conservative. A big time taxer and open border advocate and anti-military vet as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says these people RFK Jr. Donald Trump, MAGA Charlatan malignant narcissism world. These people believe in nothing except their own ambition, greed, and the acquisition of power.


Here is Ronnie Jackson, one of Donald Trump's top surrogates, saying the following. RFK is a wolf in sheep's clothing. He hates our conservative movement and thinks people from red states are ignorant and violent. Don't be fooled. This November Trump 2024. Here is Donald Trump's spokesperson. Caroline Levitt here not too long ago. She called RFK Junior, A radical leftist play. The clip K Jr is a radical leftist. He campaigned for Obama and Hillary in the past election cycles. He supports a 70% income tax on the American people.


His energy, Aja is more on brand with communist China than the United States of America. He's a radical left Here. Caroline Levitt, Donald Trump spokesperson three months ago calls RFK Junior a communist play The clip. RFK Junior supports a national federal smart grid that would control how long we can keep the lights on in our homes. How long we can keep the water on that is communism, not capitalism. President Trump opposes that and I think the American people do Here. Three months ago, Sean Hannity trashes, RFK Jr, listing all of the horrible things about him. But now Sean Hannity apparently loves RFK Jr. Play the clip RFK Jr.


Now this is the same guy that wants to eliminate all drilling. All fracking endorsed Bernie Sanders climate plan called the, he called the NRAA quote terrorist group. He wants to transform police. He's praised the radical rabbit antisemite and racist. Louis Farrakhan endorsed, oh let's see, Al Gore, John Kerry, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and claimed the 2004 election was stolen. Worst of all, he actually blamed America for Osama bin Laden's terror attacks on a radio show he co-hosted in 2014. Here is Stephen Miller not too long ago saying that RFK Jr is an extremist play.


The clip, His climate extremism is well documented and well known. He would shut down all fossil fuels, he would abolish drilling and he would put significant taxes on carbon emissions that would crush the economy. Mm, I think what Here is a Trump campaign ad that was running very recently. RFK Radical F-ing Kennedy, 70% income tax supports new green deal supports gun confiscation. That's what the Trump campaign was saying about him recently. Here, by the way, is Don Jr. Saying RFK thinks hog farmers are a greater threat than terrorists.


Play the clip. Have a very large bacon cheeseburger and that's an affront to our political enemies. RFK. Who thinks hog farmers are a greater threat to Americans and to the world apparently than Islamic terrorists Here. Don Jr is saying RFK Jr. Is America last play the clip When it counted RFK Jr was America last. He's been that way for a very long time, but now we can change our entire policy. It's almost like it's yet another psyop. Folks. I'm shocked, shocked to see this. He started magically appearing in my social media feeds from people I don't follow about, you know, a year ago. And it was all conservative stuff.


And yet if you actually look into the record and let's just remember he's an actual Kennedy, it's not like they haven't been political for a long time. It's not like he didn't talk on these subjects. You don't change your entire worldview in a matter of a few weeks. Here, Don Jr. Attacks RFK Jr and says that RFK Jr thinks all Republicans are murderers, play the clips. Have you seen how he talks about Republicans? He thinks we're murderers. Red state people are more likely to murder you to impregnate your teenage daughter to, to commit a violent crime against. Here is another segment from Hannity on RFK Jr. Basically saying RFK Jr is a monster because of his views on reproductive rights.


Play the clip. No, I wouldn't leave it to the states. You wouldn't, right? No, I would. I He would say completely it's up to the woman By the, you know, I believe it's, we should leave it to the woman we shouldn't have government involved. Even if it's full term, Even if it's full term, Even a full term abortion. Apparently this was a surprise to his running mate. Far left. Attorney Nicole Shanahan Here. Donald Trump is at an NRA convention and he says that RFK Jr believes that you are all terrorists. Play the clip. RFK JR says bad, bad things. He calls you a terrorist group and I call you the backbone of America.


That's a big difference, wouldn't You? So again, let's talk about what went down after the shooting in Butler, Pennsylvania. Before Donald Trump called the widow of the individual who was killed well before he called her. Although President Biden called her Donald Trump called RFK and he was trying to get RFK to join him and endorse him 'cause he was very desperate. RFK didn't do that. Instead, RFK called vice president. At that point he called Biden and then recently tried to contact vice President. Kamala Harris. They both ignored him. Another W for them. Another W. Here again, RFK is in his own words.


Play the Clip and interfering with our elections. Following my first discussion with President Trump, I tried unsuccessfully to open similar discussions with Vice President Harris. Vice President Harris declined to meet or even to speak with me, suspending my candidacy.


We do a lot every day and typically at night I need something to wind down, but I'm sick of all the calories, nasty hangovers, bloating, and other negative health implications that can come with having a glass of wine before bed. That's why I'm obsessed with soul's New out of office THC Gummies, perfectly microdosed to get you Blist, not blitzed. This podcast is sponsored by Soul Soul's New out of office gummies are perfectly microdosed with hemp derived THC and CBD to give any day that chilling on the beach vibe. I can't believe I didn't know you could buy THC products online like this. Did you know you can now buy hemp derived THC products in all 50 states. The out of office gummies help you get that much needed me time at the end of the day or during the day. They're convenient and delicious. Out of office gummies give you that warm, fuzzy, euphoric microdosed feeling without sending you to the moon. You could go for a jog, watch your favorite TV show, or head out to a party, whatever floats your boat. Souls out of office gummies have given me the perfect way to chill and maintain my sanity while trying to stay on top of my game and keep my anxious thoughts at Bay. Soul was founded five years ago by brother and sister Duo Mike and Angie Lee. Mike is a former world ranked professional boxer and Angie is an author and professional speaker who had the desire to create natural alternatives to medication that tackle problems they deal with themselves, like sleeplessness, anxiety, focus and pain. And that's not all soul's got. Whether you're looking for a sleep aid enhanced focus or pain relief. Soul has all your wellness needs covered and soul's products are grown right here in the USA or organically farmed and gluten free. So give soul a try head to get so.com and use code Midas for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order using code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S one last time. That's get so.com and code Midas for 30% off.


And as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski said yes after Trump called him and offered him a job. Shady, RFK Jr. Deur then secretly called the Harris campaign to see if they would make him a better offer. But since he's a nut job, Harris reviews to speak with him. So he went back to the guy willing to make a deal with him. That is what went down. And now you have Don Jr posting the following, save America. And then there's a black man with big muscles that says DJT and then a white male with big muscles that say RFK Jr. And as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski says, so Trump is a buff black guy. Now, little bit of a weird thing for a son to post about dad, but I don't want to be the judge now.


RFK Jr is deleting all of his posts about the NRA, like this one where RFK Jr posted. Let's be honest, the NRA is as responsible for child murders as they pulled the trigger. NRA has turned the second Amendment into a suicide pact for our children. When do we deal with the NRA? He's taken down this post Parkland students are right. The NRA is a terror group. So as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says, so let me get this straight. So RFK JR is endorsing a candidate for president who agrees with every single position that terrorist groups advocate for. Okay, here's RFK Junior talking about how I have a lot of conversations with dead people here.


RFK Junior said, people who were in the Tea Party movement, which was a precursor to MAGA are racist, who don't want a black person to be president and play this clip They don't want, and they don't want a black person to be president of the United States. And I'm just telling the truth, you know, Clive Bundy did not surprise me. I knew that this was, that this whole Tea party movement came out of the, the, the nostalgia for a plantation economy. That's where it came from. Why is it that they, they all came out of the, those, you know, those dozen southern states that were part of the confederacy.


This is the resurgence of the Confederacy. That's why they Well, I'm not gonna go on, I'm, I gotta shut up Here. RFK Jr says he would like gas to go to $12 a gallon because that's the only way to compel people to get electric vehicles play the clip. Then we'd be paying $12 at the pump and we'd be sending the correct signals to the marketplace. And the market would be saying, we need an alternative to a gasoline car. 'cause every American would say, well, it costs about 0.30 cents a mile to drive an electric car and it costs about $4 a mile once you get, you know, to, to, to buy a gasoline car.


And it's, it would, we'd very quickly transition and you would incentivize all these people out there who are, who are adding efficiencies to, to lithium ion batteries. And, and look, Here's RFK Jr exactly one year ago saying if he ever dropped out to run with Trump, his wife would divorce him, play this clip. So Naturally there's been calls for Trump to pick you to be his running mate. If Donald Trump picked up the file right now, Ash should be his vice president. Would you say? Yes. No. And why? Well, first Of all, it Would be I would be getting a divorce from my wife. And so Here's RFK Jr blaming the United States for nine 11.


Play the clip. You know, the reason the World Trade Center got bombed was because we went and built bases in Saudi Arabia after the first Gulf War. That, you know, it's not me saying that, that's why Osama Bin Laden said that he bombed it. Yeah, he said, because Wes, his reason put the bases there. So it was our presence there that made us a target and made this situation worse. Here's RFK Jr saying that people in politics who deny climate change like Trump are contemptible human beings play the clip Should be enjoying free hots and a co at the Hague with all the other war criminals who are there. What about politicians? People who deny, who distress, skepticism?


I think they're selling out the public trust. And you know, I think those guys who are doing a, a Koch brothers bidding and who I guess all the evidence of the rational mind are saying that global warming doesn't exist, that they are contemptible human beings and that, you know, I wish that there were a law you could punish them under. So I think you get the point. And why I'm bringing out all of those receipts is so you can judge for yourself what is really going on here. And as I say, when you stand for nothing, you fall for everything. It's why I give you the definition of a charlatan. I give you the definition of malignant narcissism that's embodied in both of these individuals.


They are out for themselves. And what this election is about is we the people versus a oligarchical class that wants to subjugate we the people and they want to divide us and pit us against each other. Let me leave you with this from Adam Kinzinger, a man who has put a country over party. Here is Kinzinger explaining that. Look, Republicans, right now, there's only one pro-democracy party and candidate. And it's the Democrats and it's Vice President Kamala. This is a Republican congress member with principles. And I wanna show you this at the end, kind of as a way to cleanse this YouTube video as well after showing you Trump and RFK.


But to show you what dignity looks like here, play the clip. And tonight and tonight as a Republican speaking before you, I'm putting our country first because the fact is I do belong here. I know Kamala Harris shares my allegiance to the rule of law, the constitution and democracy. And she is dedicated to uphold, upholding all three in service to our country. Whatever policies we disagree on, pale in comparison with those fundamental matters of principle, of decency and of fidelity to this nation.


Listen To my fellow Republicans. If you still pledge allegiance to those principles, I suspect you belong here too. Because, because democracy knows no party, it's a, it's a living, breathing ideal that defines us as a nation. It's the bedrock that separates us from tyranny. And when that foundation is fractured, we must all stand together united to strengthen it.


If you think those principles are worth defending, then I urge you, make the right choice. Vote, vote for our bedrock values and vote for Kamala Harris. God bless you. All right, well thanks for watching. Let me know what you think in the comments. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Thank you so much. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.