
The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


Can Florida Turn Blue seems to be occupying Donald Trump's thoughts and the proposition of Florida going for vice President. Kamala Harris is one that's not merely fanciful. It could really happen. I mean. I first started hearing from a bunch of relatives that I have in Florida who know a lot of Republicans saying to me, Hey Ben, you don't really get it. A lot of Republicans are sick and tired of Donald Trump. They're sick and tired of just the lies and the windiness, and they're very focused on kind of future generations of Americans, and they recognize the threat that Donald Trump poses. They also blame Donald Trump for the lockdowns that took place because of the way Donald Trump mishandled the pandemic in a devastating fashion.


So of course, that's a bit anecdotal, but then I started seeing the polls, and you have the new Florida Poll by FAU Main Street, which has vice President, Kamala, Harris within the margin of era, 47%. Donald Trump, 45% vice President, Kamala Harris, the New Averages by Vote Hub us taking all of the polls. And there hasn't really been that many of these other top rated polls, but if you take the trailing 28 day average or so, it's still within the margin of error there as Vice President. Karis takes the lead in Arizona and North, Carolina, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.


You know, so we have actual kind of quantitative data, and then we're just seeing this incredible momentum in conservative places like The Villages once again over this past weekend at The Villages, which is known for usually being a very kind of conservative right wing area for older individuals. People who are on social security, people who are on Medicare, people who have been though benefited from the Biden Harris policies. You know, not notwithstanding prior support for Republicans or even prior support by Donald Trump, we're seeing a level of enthusiasm.


Just take a look at what I'm showing you right here as I'm talking I mean. There were hundreds and hundreds of people being loud and proud at the villages, organizing, getting out the vote, being louder than even the kind of right wing MAGA who are there as well. You know? And then we've been getting these stories that many of you have been sharing as well. And you know, here's a story that went viral on TikTok at Florida Life. Tracy updates, which she said almost word for word is what I'm hearing from my relatives in Florida. You know, they're golf buddies, they're tennis buddies who are Republicans who are saying, we're with vice President, Kamala Harris.


We can't stand this Trump guy anymore. A, and it's reached a level that I think is a very noteworthy thing to even highlight here, especially as you're seeing, again, more footage right there of what was going on in the villages. So take a look at this clip, because almost word for word, this sounds a lot like what I've been hearing. Play this clip. Hey, my friends, yesterday I posted something that said, Dick, to stay tuned, I had something to say about one of my Republican friends. I play a lot of golf in Florida. Most of the ladies I know, I know. I run a league that has 80 ladies in it, and most of them are Republicans.


And of course, because this is Florida, so they outweigh my Democratic friends, but we're friends regardless. We don't talk about politics. Anyways, I went up to her, And said hello to her yesterday, and she says, guess what I did? And I said, what'd you do? She goes, I walked into the Democratic office in Longwood, Florida yesterday, and I raised up my hands. And said, I'm a lifelong Republican. What can I do to help? She ended up buying or donating money to get all of these signs and stickers and a hat and a shirt.


And she told me, I love Tim Walls. She did good picking him, and she said, it's time for a female to run the country. So I was so excited, and I just wanted you to know that there are so many people here in Florida that are not voting for Trump. Regardless of what you hear, we could be flipping this state blue. I hope so. My husband says, I don't think so, but I, I feel it. But anyways, I wanted to share that with you. Y'all have a good rest of the day, and I'll talk to you later. Bye-Bye. Now, let me share this with you as well.


This is Eric, who is a veteran and a former Trump voter from Florida who will never vote for Donald Trump again. Here's what he says. Anybody who doesn't want a World War III or doesn't remember World War II should not vote for Trump because he will drag us into that war. Hi, my name is Eric and I live in Florida. I voted for Trump in 2016 because I thought he would actually change things and make a difference in the Republican party and get rid of some of the politics, but he became the swamp himself. I will never, ever vote for him again. I will never vote for him. Big part because of January 6th, but mostly because I truly believe that he will bring us to the brink of World War II when he backs out of NATO and gives Ukraine to Putin.


Putin will invade the other NATO countries. I am a veteran and I truly believe that this is going to happen. So anybody who doesn't wanna World War III or doesn't remember World War II should not vote for Trump because he will drag us into that war. The second thing that I really have a problem with is he isn't gonna fix Social Security. And I'm 67 years old. I'm living on Social security, and he's gonna let Social Security go bankrupt. So all you people who are of my age, who are collecting social security about to collect social security should never vote for this guy. He is gonna destroy Social Security and Medicare. People in Republican party should never vote for this guy and put him back in office.


He's dangerous. He's gonna take our rights away, and he's gonna drag us into World War III And listen to what Eric says, that Donald Trump will pull us out of nato. Now, this isn't Eric's not being hyperbolic right here. I just want you to listen to how Donald Trump talks about nato. I'm gonna show you right now a selfie video that Donald Trump made of himself recently where he says he is going to pull America out of nato. He says he doesn't like nato, he blames NATO for for issues. He praises Vladimir Putin. Donald Trump says the issue is that Americans are the real enemy, not Vladimir Putin.


Here's, this is a video Trump made of himself. Play this clip at Home, the State Department, the defense bureaucracy, the intelligent services, and all of the rest need to be completely overhauled and reconstituted. To fire the deep staters and put America first, we have to put America first. Finally, we have to finish the process. We began under my administration of fundamentally reevaluating NATO's purpose and NATO's mission. Our foreign policy establishment keeps trying to pull the world into conflict with a nuclear armed Russia. Based on the lie that Russia represents our greatest threat.


But the greatest threat to Western civilization today is not Russia. It's probably more than anything else ourselves and some of the horrible USA hating people that represent us.


Hey everyone. I wanna share something that's really made a difference for me when it comes to enjoying a night out with friends. It's called ZBiotics Pre-Cool. Pre-Cool is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on hitting the gym, enjoying a brunch, or just getting some important work done Without worry, I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical of ZBiotics at first, but then while hanging out with my friends at our favorite bar downtown, I decided to give it a try. And let me tell you, it really works. The first time I tried pre-cool was during a friend's wedding weekend. I had my first drink of the night, a delicious old fashioned, by the way. Right after taking ZBiotics the next morning, I was up early, feeling great and ready to join the rest of the wedding party for breakfast and activities. It was a total game changer with vacations, weddings, birthdays, and reunions. There's so much going on this summer. Get the most outta your plans by stocking up on pre-Cool. Now go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, pre-cool is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Thank you, ZBiotics, for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


Putin couldn't have even made better propaganda for that yet alone to have the leader of the Republican Party say that, how do we go from Mr. Gorbachev tear down that wall to Donald Trump saying that over this past weekend, JD Vance went on various media outlets and he was asked about Ukraine and Russia's unlawful invasion this past weekend, JD Vance blamed Ukraine and nato blame nato NATO's fault. Here play this clip. Quickly Before we go, I wanna touch on foreign policy as well. Ukraine, you have been very vocal in saying, you know, the, the resources and the tax dollars that are going there, you have serious questions about whether the American people are being told the truth about Ukraine's ability to actually advance there.


Now, we know there are all kinds of reports this week. They've actually advanced into Russia, they're taking prisoners, they're taking territory. So has your view on that changed at all? And and what about Senator Kons assertion that you and President Trump aren't gonna be faithful to nato? You're not gonna be faithful to foreign policy alliances in that allies shouldn't be able to count on you. Well, well, Chris Coons is saying, look, I I like and respect Chris, but he is just wrong here. What Donald Trump and I have said is that there shouldn't be a free lunch for Europe or anybody else. America is not the policeman of the world. And NATO should be a military alliance where Germany, France, and all these other countries pay their fair share rather than relying on American taxpayers to subsidize their defense so they can have generous welfare states while American veterans are sleeping under park benches.


It's ridiculous, Shannon. We want NATO to be a real alliance. And the way that it's gonna be a real alliance is for Europe to pay up, to do what's necessary and to allow us to focus on the most pressing foreign policy challenge we have had in nearly a century. And that is China. And that is what Donald Trump and I are gonna focus on rebuilding American factory factories, bringing more manufacturing jobs back to this country, not allowing the Chinese to build their middle class on the backs of ours. And importantly, if we do that, we will be in a better position to stand up to China for the next 50 years in this country. That is what we've gotta focus on, and that's the most important foreign policy problem. Well, We look forward to the President talking more about those tariffs, exactly how they would work, Senator.


And That's the thing. That's what he is sounding like, what he speaks like. That's not how Republicans ever talked before, not of Democrats ever talked before. That's not how Americans have ever talked before. I know that's been kind of normalized in Putin's capture and mag's capture of the Republican party, but that just ain't something that we should be okay with here in the United States of United States of America. So we're gonna keep on high highlighting that stuff. And like you just take a look at this, and it's stuff like this too, that when I speak to people in Florida, we Republicans right wing, right wing people, they go, I just have enough of this guy, this guy is, we just gotta, we gotta get this guy out of politics.


You know, it's stuff like this. When Donald Trump says he posted, we had to turn away lots of people yesterday in Wilkes Berry, Pennsylvania, but comrade Kamala Harris social media operation showed empty seats long before the rally started early in the afternoon when in actuality we had to turn away 11,500 people. People, you know, a lot of the people who I speak to in Florida, especially some of the, the kind of the, the people on of, of an older vintage there tell me, they go, Ben, we just, we cannot stand this whiny crap. This stuff is too vice President, Kamala Harris. The social media team goes, no, we posted a video of your empty rally while you were speaking.


Americans are tired of your lies and slur filled delusions. It's getting old. And here's the video. You could hear Trump speak and the crowd leaving, play the clip. Thank you. Thank You. Look, I think we all just want normalcy at this point. And you know, I think that there are people, I think Florida's, you know, waking up and, and, and a lot of just anti-Trump sentiment there. And I think here, this is one of the ways to, I think, think about it as Christopher Boozy says, approximately 3% of the people who signed up to volunteer to help Harris Walls in Florida are Republican.


I now estimate that three to 5% of Republican voters who voted for Trump in 2020 will not vote for him in November. Democrats will flip Florida and North Carolina. Democrats are ahead in North Carolina now, and Florida's a possible flip. I'll leave you with that. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together real Quick. Medis change their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.