
She has a new insult out this week that her and her husband have been using towards you, calling you weird. Does that hurt your feelings? How do you feel about that? Does that hurt your feelings? How do you feel about that? Does that hurt your feelings? How do you feel about that? The Trump campaign was not ready for this at all as Vice President Kamala Harris just wrote in the week. Since the launch of her presidential campaign, she has signed up over 170,000 new volunteers. They've held over 2300 events across the country, and they've raised over $200 million. 66% of that came from first time donors.


We're talking small dollar donations, a real grassroots movement. You can feel the energy, you can feel the momentum shift right here. On the other hand, Donald Trump and JD Vance are being called weird by the entire country because their conduct and behavior is very odd, very weird, and yes, it's also very dangerous. Their WWE cosplay, fascism, but it's also very, very weird. And JD Vance is now being asked even by Fox to respond to these statements about how weird he is. Here's JD Vance's. Weird response to that question.


Play the clip. He has a new insult out this week that her and her husband have been using towards you, calling you weird. Does that hurt your feelings? How do you feel about that? No, not at all. It doesn't hurt my feelings. JD Vance and his team are also sending very weird emails. Here's an email that JD fans, that JD Van sent to his listserv. I subscribe. So all of you don't have to. Here's what it says. I've got a quick question for Ben. Can I give you a quick call before.dot No, JD Van, you cannot give me a quick call, but here's what his email says. Obviously I couldn't forget Ben, my team has identified you as the number one supporter in your area.


Well, jd, I think your team has a problem with vetting. I think that's also how you became the VP pick. I think that's the issue. JD Vance's email goes on to say, after a thorough vetting process, I chose Ben to represent your community. So I'm humbling. Ask humbly asking you to make your friends and family proud before the FEC deadline. No, JD Vance, that's not going to happen. Then Donald Trump sends the following email, MAGA hat from Trump just released camo MAGA hat Limited edition. Here's the official camo MAGA hat, which is being hailed as the most patriotic item that Donald Trump has ever released.


The response has been unprecedented, and there's only a few left in stock, as I've said. Weird, weird, weird. So there's a reason why even when you look at the recent Fox polls of the favorability rating, vice President Kamala Harris is destroying Donald Trump. Just look in a state like Michigan where Trump's approval is 47%. Vice President Kamala Harris', 57% Minnesota Vice President Harris, 51%. Donald Trump, 43%. I can go through all of the states, but you get the point, and I just think people are sick and tired of messages like this.


Here's the new email from Donald Trump that just came out crooked. Kamala raised millions. Kamala raises hundreds of millions after backing from Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, Nancy Pelosi, and top Democrats. They've already raised over 140 million and they're just getting started And. then it goes on to say, liberal elites propped up by deep state. Democrats have funneled in their dirty money to try and push MAGA out, but we will never surrender. Folks, it's very, very weird. Like this email too, Ben Ben, please unlock your secret gift dark MAGA shirt unlocked. I released this shirt on the dark day.


They labeled me a felon. You mean when you were convicted on 34 separate felony counts? Just wanna show you the contrast here, right? On the one hand, you have Donald Trump over the past 72 hours making statements like this, and as Ruth Ben Gitt, a professor on authoritarianism says Media, this should be the A one front page story. She studied dictatorship for decades, and this is it. You won't have to vote anymore. Donald Trump says he will fix elections so you won't have to vote. You know the clip I'm about to show you? Play the clip. And again, Christians get out and vote just this time.


You won't have to do it anymore. Four more years. You know what? It'll be fixed. It'll be fine. You won't have to vote anymore. My beautiful Christians, I love you Christians. I'm not Christian. I love you. Get out. You gotta get out and vote in four years. You don't have to vote again. We'll have it fixed. So good. You're not gonna have to vote. And folks, this comes at the same time where all of the exit polling in Venezuela shows opposition candidate and Mundo Gonzalez beating Maduro by a wide margin. We see Nicholas Maduro has activated the Venezuelan military to block people from BOE voting based on the historic turnout that was taking place.


Folks, this is Donald Trump's vision right here. When he says these things, we need to take it seriously as well. I wanna show you Governor Walls from Minnesota, what he's had to say recently as well. Also talking about the weirdness of this MAGA movement. Play this clip. But these guys are just weird. That's where they're so it ain't, it isn't much out. Don't give them the power. Look, are they a threat to democracy? Yes. Are they going to take our rights away? Yes. Are they going to put people's lives in danger? Yes. Are they going to endanger the planet by not dealing with climate change? Yes, they're going to do all that. But don't lift these guys up like they're sometimes the heroes. Everybody in this room knows. I know it. As a teacher, a bully has no self-confidence. A bully has no strength.


They have nothing. The fascists depend on fear. The fascists depend on us going back. But we're not afraid of weird people. No, we we're a little bit creeped out, but we're not afraid. But look, And then, as you heard this, and one day ago a poll came out and showed Kamala Harris up 10 points and Donald Trump getting his ass handed to him here in Minnesota. So sorry, but he's here today in the state of hockey to complete his trifecta.


He lost in 16. He lost in 20, he loses in 24. Yeah, He's been a great messenger And. then Donald Trump's surrogates like Chris Sununu, the governor of New Hampshire, he's had to make, he's had to respond to these statements by Donald Trump and they're like, oh, it's just a joke. It's Trump being Trump Here. Play this clip For President Trump facing some backlash for those comments Friday night saying his supporters won't have to vote again in four years. I'm joined now by the Republican governor of New Hampshire, Chris Sununu governor.


What the heck did he mean there? What The heck did he mean there? Well, I think, I think that was a classic Trumpism, if you will. I think he's just trying to make the point that this stuff can be fixed. You know, obviously it's, we want everybody to vote in all elections, but I think he was just trying to make a, a, a, a hyperbolic point that, that it can be fixed as long as he gets back into office and all that. But you know, classic Trump right there. Okay, and, and just days. Let's, let's turn to President Biden and Kamala Harris. Just days before President Biden,


My old laundry detergent used to come in these big plastic jugs and it never lived up to the hype. I know you know what I'm talking about. The laundry wouldn't come out as fresh as it was supposed to, and that became so frustrating. This podcast is sponsored by Laundry Sauce. Laundry Sauce created the world's best smelling laundry detergent in simple to use high performance pods. Laundry Sauce has transformed the mundane task of doing laundry into a luxurious and exciting experience so you don't have to dread laundry day anymore. Earlier this week, I just used the Egyptian rose pods and my clothes smell amazing. So what's the secret behind Laundry Sauce? Well, they partnered with one of the top fragrance houses in the world. The same team behind many of your favorite designer senses. From Australian sandalwood to Egyptian rose to cyber pine with Laundry Sauce Laundry Day will never smell the same again. Plus, they stripped away all the unnecessary ingredients and artificial dyes and maximize the hardworking science back stain fighters and enzymes to ensure your favorite clothes come out looking brand new. I went from dreading doing laundry to legitimately being excited to do laundry because I know my clothes will come out smelling amazing. I love Laundry Sauce so much. My favorite scent is that Egyptian rose I mentioned earlier. It's sort of like a rose mixed with some warm nutmeg and clover spice. It's amazing. And I'm not gonna lie, my whole house kind of smells like Laundry Sauce now, but I'm not complaining and I know it's just me. Check out the reviews on their site. They're some of the funniest reviews you'll ever read and are super authentic. They match my own experience. Exactly. Plus it's not just the pods that they sell. Laundry. Sauce makes scent boosters, dryer sheets, dryer balls, fabric softeners, and even candles too. Plus, if you aren't happy, send back Laundry Sauce for a full refund, no questions asked. Elevate your laundry with Laundry Sauce. Now is the time to experience Laundry Sauce. Head to Laundry Sauce dot com slash midas and use promo code Midas at checkout for 15% off. That's the best offer you'll find, but you must use our code Midas. That's M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off your order, one last time. That's Laundry Sauce dot com slash midas promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off.


Here are the headlines. Right now on Drudge Drama, JD goes from Rising star to potential liability inside the powerful Peter Thiel network that anointed him replacement speculation of JD Van Swirls. Perfectly dreadful Vance's trans class classmates, Lee Trove of private emails and texts. Here's what Hakeem Jeffries had to say about JD Vance. Here play this clip. Vice President Kamala Harris has excited the community. She's excited to house Democratic caucus and she's exciting the country. In terms of my Republican colleagues, former President Donald Trump and extreme migrant Republicans are having a meltdown right now, a complete and total meltdown.


Why? Because their presidential nominees in popular, the extreme mag of Republican policies are unpopular, including trying to impose a nationwide abortion ban on the American people. And their project 2025 is unpopular. They're having a meltdown right now. All we want to do as Democrats is have a debate about moving the country forward and continuing to put people over politics. Yeah, it is going very, very bad for JD Vance. Indeed, by the way, on Midas touch.com store dot midas touch.com. That is, you can get these childless cat lady shirt store dot midas touch.com.


More messages from JD Vance. Were on earth like this one where he goes, the cat ladies man, they must be stopped again. Really strange and bizarre behavior by JD Vance. Let me show you this too. You probably have seen this from Chelsea Handler. This went viral over this past weekend. Play this clip. Oh, Hey. As you might have heard, Donald Trump's running mate and future star of his own Dateline episode, JD Vance is ruffling quite a few feathers this week. We're effectively run in this country by a bunch of childless cat ladies who look at Kamala Harris. The entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. Listen Up you wing Nut Elegy. This country is still controlled by men in systems that were set up, by men that are carefully crafted to continue to benefit men.


So to put it in women hating terms, you'll understand you're being hysterical, but let's be clear, there's no correlation between childless people and the presidency. For example, our very first United States President, Mr. George Washington didn't have children. In fact, he had two stepchildren. That's right. Just like someone else I know. And to your point about Kamala not being fit because she's not a mother, I'd like to remind you that no president in the history of the United States has ever been a mother, but maybe if she had five kids with three different men and a scandalous affair with a porn star and was convicted felon, that would be more palatable to Republican men. I mean, my God, are we tired? You sad?


Diet Mountain Dew drinking, couch, humping, dolphin porn aficionado. All of us childless cat and dog ladies are gonna go from childless and crushing it to childless. I'm crushing you in. No. Oh, hey. As you might have heard, Donald Trump's running mate and future star of his own Dateline episode, JD Vance is ruffling quite a few feathers this Week. We're effectively run in this country by a bunch of childless cat ladies who look at Kamala Harris. The entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. Listen up you wing Nut Elegy. This country is still controlled by men in systems that were set up, by men that are carefully crafted to continue to benefit men. So to put it in women hating terms, you'll understand you're being hysterical, but let's be clear, there's no correlation between childless people and the presidency.


For example, our very first United States President, Mr. George Washington didn't have children. In fact, he had two stepchildren. That's right. Just like someone else I know. And to your point about Kamala not being fit because she's not a mother, I'd like to remind you that no president in the history of the United States has ever been a mother, but maybe if she had five kids with three different men and a scandalous affair with a porn star and was convicted felon, that would be more palatable to Republican men. I mean, my God, are we tired? You sad? Diet Mountain Dew drinking, couch, humping, dolphin porn aficionado. All of us childless cat and dog ladies are gonna go from childless and crushing it to childless and crushing you in November.


And before you tell me he didn't really fuck a couch, spare me. I grew up in New Jersey in the eighties where everyone had a couch in their basement, and I know a couch fucker when I see one. Remember? And before you tell me, he didn't really fuck a couch spare me. I grew up in New Jersey in the eighties where everyone had a couch in their basement, and I know a couch fucker when I see one. And here is a group of Republican Trump supporters being asked if the switch to vice President, Kamala Harris scares them right now and that they think they're going to lose, they think they're going to lose here, play this. Do you think that having Vice President Kamala Harris as the nominee dramatically changes Donald Trump's odds of winning?


I'm worried about it. Yes. I think she is gonna go for the minority and female and young, younger voters Progressive. Everybody's excited about her, right? And that scares me. Again, those are Trump voters. Joe Biden won. And let me show you this clip right here. This is from fired up Vice President Kamala Harris supporters. Let's play this clip. She doesn't have to go out there and sell sneakers or bibles, you know? All she did was announce that she's running and they said, where do we sign up? And I think she going to give Trump what he need. He ain't ready for this One. The level of energy is higher, and we just gotta keep this up.


We only have a hundred days left. We can run through the finish line. Don't slow down, but keep going. Vice President Kamala Harris released the following statement about Venezuela. She says, the United States stands with the people of Venezuela who expressed their voice in the historic presidential election. Today, the will of the Venezuelan people must be respected. Despite the many challenges, we will continue to work toward a more democratic and prosperous and secure future for the people of Venezuela. That's the statement from Vice President Kamala Harris. On the other hand, JD Vance posted previously, women gets violated by dolphin and enjoys it. And JD Vance says maybe the internet was a mistake.


And you can see he was searching women in dolphin and getting violated. That's what JD Vance was spending his time doing. Let me just show you this as well. This was another statement Donald Trump made this past weekend. Let's play it And I can hit that crap out of the ball. I'm good. I shoot good scores. And when you win a club championship, that means you can play under pressure. You can ask a lot of the people up there like Brett Bear, Brett Bear's a good golfer. Ask him, can Trump play? Ask a lot of the people. But Can you, here is Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer again talking about JD Vance. Here play this clip, The addition of JD Vance to this ticket.


It's, it's incredibly bad choice. I think Donald Trump, I know him, and he's probably sitting and watching the TV and every day Vance it comes out. Vance has done something more extreme, more weird, more erratic. Vance seems to be more erratic and more extreme than President Trump. And I'll bet President Trump is sitting there scratching his head and wondering, why did I pick this guy? The choice may be one of the best things he ever did for Democrats. What do you mean? Now the president has about 10 days. 10 days before the Ohio ballot is locked in and he has AdChoices. Does he keep fans on the ticket where he's, he probably he's, he already has a whole lot of baggage.


He's probably gonna be more baggage over the weeks because we'll hear more things about him. Or does he pick someone new? It's his choice Has vice. Well, tell me what you think, folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million and thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.