
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington Price. They have my favorite brand, just like a whole new bu. Ah, I give I too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


The protests are not going away, Donald. They're just gonna keep on growing and growing. Shout out to 50 51 organizing more mass protests today. There's expected to be over 400 protests scheduled across the United States. Also protests in Mexico and in Europe as well. We will be covering them all throughout the day. In addition, there's expected to be over 525 broader events in connection with 50 51 being run by we the people dissent a 50 51 affiliate listing.


All of these events. So the movement continues. And of course this follows the massive hands off protests that took place earlier in April when you added up all of the towns and cities where those protests took place. There were several million people, by some estimates, about 5 million people protesting when you added up all of the protests, big protests in Chicago, big protests in Boston, big protests in Salt Lake City. And one of the things we're seeing too, is with that momentum running parallel, we've seen the fight, the Oligarchy tour by Senator Bernie Sanders and a OC.


And we've seen Democrats going into red districts and purple districts and just speaking to people about issues that are not being covered enough that need to, that people are suffering from. We have to talk about education. We have to talk about healthcare. We have to talk about the oligarchs taking all these tax cuts for themselves while screwing over others. We have to talk about wages. There's gotta be not just a living wage, there's gotta be a wage with dignity. And right now, there's a minimum of minimum wages while the billionaires get richer and richer.


We need to talk about why it is that in the richest country in the world, right, the richest country in the world, people struggle to get healthcare. Those are the types of issues that are on people's mind. And of course, the fact that the Trump regime is disappearing human beings without due process and sending them to concentration camps in El Salvador. And then just saying, oopsies, there's nothing I can do about it. I wanna share with you some of the sites of these protests, but I think it's important to note the very significant drop in Donald Trump's polling as well, and in the Republican polling as well. And to me though, that speaks to people getting out there, talking to your neighbors, your friends, your colleagues, and letting them know about these protests.


I wanna talk about where these protests are as well today, and I hope you will attend if you can or if you can't attend. 'cause you're unable to just let people know about them if there's protests nearby. Let me just show you Donald Trump's polling data recently. It's really, really bad. It kind of looks like his signature going on a downward angle at this point. If you ask Americans, is the economy getting worse? Most Americans, by significant margins say it's worse or much worse now than under former President Biden. If you look at the Trump regime, their polling when it comes to handling of the economy, it is far worse than the first Trump administration, the economy, even though I thought it should never be viewed as a strong suit for Republicans and Trump.


That's really how it always was. But here as g Elliot Morris, the great pollster writes, Trump's job approval rating on the economy is now at an all time low, even worse than during c. Ovid 19 opinion on his handling of inflation is at negative 18. On average. He has now lost the GOP single best political asset of the last decade, and it should never have been because the Democrats of the 52 million jobs that have been created over the past three decades, they've been created by Democrats. 50 million of those created by Democrats. And Trump was the only President other than Herbert Hoover. I called Trump pervert Hoover 'cause he's a sexual abuser who lost jobs in his term.


You take a look at some of these other issues. Trump is underwater in on the economy, negative 9.3% on trade, negative 15.2% on inflation and cost of living negative 17.5%. If you look at the data here, while it does show that he's above water on the issue of immigration, by plus 4.7, when you actually dig into the issue and you talk about deporting people who have been here for 10 years with no criminal record or kidnapping people and sending them to El Salvador concentration camps, Trump is very unpopular when you talk about comprehensive immigration, the type that frankly, Democrats support and former President Biden supports Americans in a vacuum are okay with deportations.


They're okay with borders. So am I. The issue is kidnapping people without due process, throwing them to concentration camps, recklessly rounding up migrants, destroying the economy of people here working and contributing and providing no process at all and going after people without criminal history. I don't like that and neither do the American people. When you really break down the issues, if you just take a weighted average also of these polls involving Donald Trump, even if you add all of these right wing like Rasmussen, where Trump has 51% disapproval from Rasmussen, which is like as pro-Trump as you can get right now, you still have 51.6% of Americans disapproving them.


Then when you go into some of the cross tabs in month three of a second term, under 100 days, Trump's average approval rating is under 40%. Among the following groups, black people, people ages 18 to 29, black people only support 23% support ages 18 to 29. Trump only has 34% independents, 37% moderates, 37% women, 39% Latinos, 39%. And when you go to ages 30 to 44, 40 1% white college grad, 41%, urban 41% and houses 50 K, household incomes, 42% college grads, 42% approval all underwater there.


Here's the Raz Moose and Poll showing that Donald Trump 51% disapprove. And as Adam Carlson says, I think the argument that de should talk about immigration, that de that Democrats shouldn't talk about immigration because Trump and Republicans currently poll better on it off its base. I get the logic. But when you go through asking people, do you agree, you should deport undocumented immigrants who have lived in the US for more than 10 years, that has negative 37% approval, deport undocumented immigrants who are parents of US citizens by birth, negative 36% deport undocumented immigrants who have not broken laws in the US except for immigration laws.


Negative 18% deport immigrants who are in the US living illegally back, even if they've lived here for a number of years, have jobs and no criminal record, negative 14%. So you go through all of these issues and Trump's policies of like revoking temporary protected status is not popular. All right, let's talk more about the protests, but I wanted to show you that the protests are working. People are, it's forcing people not just to take to the streets, but now it has this, it's a solve for the first mover problem where lots of people go, wait a minute, is this normal? Is this normal? No, it's not normal. Oh, got it. And then you start paying attention to what's going on.


Here's how Newsweek reports it. List of cities hosting nationwide anti-Trump protests on Saturday, April 19th. A wave of protests is set to sweep across all 50 states on Saturday, April 19th, organized by the grassroots group 50 51 in opposition to Trump's policies and executive orders. Organizers cite concerns over civil liberties, judicial independence, and what they describe as authoritarian overreach. The group 50 51 also organized protests like the Not My President's Day event in February. The Global Hands Off Demonstration on April 15th has become a fixture of the national resistance.


April 19th is expected to span the entire country and these protests continue to grow. And one of the things 50 50 one's focused on is really trying to get that 3.5% of the US population to show up and get out there, and hopefully more than that, but they understand that it's growing it protest by protest, by protest. And I've always said, I expect there to be a democracy summer. So you take a look at where these protests are and you should all check out the 50 51 website as well to see if there's a protest near you. You spell it out, 50 F-I-F-T-Y-F-I-F-T-Y.


So it's 50 51, 50, 51. And then you go and check it out. They're everywhere. These protests from Montgomery, Alabama to Maui, Hawaii to Lexington, Kentucky, to Quincy, Illinois, to Kansas City, Missouri, to Las Vegas, Nevada, to Rutherford County, North Carolina. There's the locations and and all these other cities and towns. So search the one nearest you. If you wanted to go out there today, and let me just re, here's a map. So you can see on the map what it looks like for this is being called the people descent event. And you can see on the map right there where all of the protests are going to be virtually everywhere.


You can see right there. And let me just share this with you as well. This was from April 5th. This is what it looked like in Chicago. Let's Play this clip.


This show is sponsored by Betterhelp. Let's talk about numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred dollars to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with Betterhelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. Now with Betterhelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly Sessions, saving you big on cost and time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. Your mental health is worth it, and now it's within Reach. Therapy is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself, and it isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma With over 30,000 therapists, Betterhelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with a click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life, plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit Betterhelp dot com slash Midas Plus today to get 10% off your first month. That's Betterhelp, HE p.com/midas.


Yeah, Powerful stuff right there. I really want to give a shout out to the 50 51 organizers. I want to give a shout out to the Indivisible organizers. I want to give a shout out to all of the organizers, the unions, everybody who shows up. You know, y'all are the real heroes in this, and it is an honor that we at the Midas Touch Network can just play a small role or any role at all in helping to amplify these peaceful protests. I know corporate News wants to suppress this. I know that they don't want to air any of it. That's why the Midas Touch Network has become the main destination for these protests.


And it is an honor to be able to share the data with you, share the protests with you, let you know how you can attend, and for up for us to uplift the real heroes right now, which are those organizers and those showing up to these events. It's an honor for us to play a part in that. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest Prodemocracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot Midas Touch dot com.