
Donald Trump is having a terrible morning. He woke up and saw the new new York Times Sienna poll that has him trailing in all the key battleground states, and also he's now behind Vice President, Kamala Harris in Arizona and North Carolina. So naturally, Donald Trump went on his social media platform and started blaming Google. Yep. Donald Trump is saying Google is conspiring with Vice President Kamala Harris to rig the election against him. And after posting about Google and sending weird and unhinged emails, Donald Trump then walked out into his private golf course where he made people clap for him like he is a North Korean dictator.


Let's just take a look first at this new York Times Sienna poll right here. You take a look at it. Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin Vice President. Kamala Harris is up four in each of those states. You take a look at Arizona and North Carolina Vice President, Kamala Harris is up there as well. She's up four in Arizona. She's up two in North Carolina in Nevada and Georgia. She's catching up to Donald Trump there as well. And I wouldn't be shocked if on the next poll we see Vice President, Kamala Harris prevailing there. Take a look at what Donald Trump's been posting over and over again. He goes, Kamala, Harris team. And Google caught manipulating headlines and stories creating fake news.


This is not legal. Donald Trump is posting just before, and if you take a look, he's been posting this fairly consistently right here, like, here's a post. Wow, Google and the Harris campaign are manipulating stories. Is this legal question mark? Then he posts this Google trying to rig the election exclamation point, and here's a post that he made a few weeks back where he said, Facebook has just admitted that it wrongly censored Trump attempted assassination photo and got caught. Same thing for Google. They made it virtually impossible to find pictures or anything about this heinous act.


Both are facing big backlash over censorship claims. Here we go again, another attempt at rigging the election. Go after Meta and Google. Let them know we are all wise to them. We will be much tougher this time. MAGA 2024, as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, I remain confused by Donald Trump's idea that this incident is gonna win the election for him. A Republican kid clipped his ear. Everyone in the country saw the pick. It was on every single news channel in America nonstop for days. They think if people see it more, he wins. By the way, I just went on Google moments ago and I looked up Trump shooting, and then you see it automatically comes up.


Trump update, Trump shooting date, Trump shooting photo, Trump shooting investigation, Trump shooting location, Trump shooting picture, Trump shooting map. Then when you actually search Trump shooting photo, the first thing that comes up is new photos show attempted Trump assassin before he shot at Trump. Body cam footage. Cop at Trump shooting says he warned Secret Service about roof. And then I go into the images to say, is Google censoring these images? Of course they're not. If you could look at Trump shooting photo, it's all of the photos and what actually they're not showing you are clips like this where Donald Trump basically says, yeah, well, so what happened was it, it clipped my lobe, my lobe.


He goes, here, here, play this clip. This is at one of these unhinged press conferences that Donald Trump held recently. Let's play the clip. Yeah, Pretty, pretty much recovered. Yeah, I'm a fast healer. It's a hell of a shot, but I'm a fast healer. Yeah, pretty much. Pretty much recovered. Do you Have any hearing damage From No, it didn't hit that. I got very lucky. It, it just, it just hit the, the lobe as they call it. Car. Is there a scar on Your gear? Yeah, a little bit. Not much on top. Ask On Immigration a Little. So here's Donald Trump walking into Bedminster, walking into his golf course.


First, I just wanna show you this. This is a North Korean dictator, Kim Jong-un right here. You see in the background how he gets clapped by or people are clapping at him and and how that's exactly what Donald Trump wants to happen. So when Donald Trump arrives at Bedminster after saying that Google is colluding with, with Kamala Harris to try to overturn the results of whatever, to steal the election or rig the election or whatever ridiculous thing He says, he makes the people clap for. Now, I'm only gonna show you 30 seconds of this, but this goes on for five minutes. He makes the people stand up, clap for him for five minutes as he goes to people and basically like looks at them and specs them, picks who he wants to talk to.


Just watch this because it tells you a lot about who he is. Play this clip.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies, and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas. Try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40% and if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Donald Trump also sending a series of completely unhinged emails this morning, like these types of emails coming from his campaign, fight, fight, fight. Then I have two questions for you. The one from JD Vance and Donald Trump. This pick of Kamala Harris is pissing me off. You're sending an email about a picture of Vice President. Kamala Harris is pissing you off. It's like a weird email to send. Here's the email that Trump goes, this is a message from Donald Trump. Fight, fight, fight. This is the shirt you've all been waiting for. Seriously claim the Trump Fight shirt. That's the message that he's running a campaign on. And then there's the JD Vance. This pick of Kamala pisses me off and it's Vice President Kamala Harris wearing a necklace, and JD Vance is showing a different Tiffany necklace than the necklace she's wearing.


But JD Vance, who's a Silicon Valley millionaire, is attacking Vice President Kamala Harris for a necklace that she is wearing. I mean, Donald Trump is speaking at his private country club where his first wife, Ivana is buried under a bunch of shrubs. Donald Trump is engaged in all of that, and you're attacking Vice President Kamala Harris for wearing a necklace. Oh, I guess so. I guess that's what they're doing. Oh, here's the other email from Donald Trump this morning. Google is a crooked election interference machine. Totally illegal. They will pay a big price for what they are doing. Town hall.com/tip sheet or whatever it is, Google is a crooked election interference machine.


Now what what should be more accessible on Google is the fact that Donald Trump is posting Q Anon memes like this. Take a look at this photo, Donald Trump repost. You see at the bottom it says Q plus. And then this weird meme of Donald Trump. We strange looking too goes where we go, one, we go, all that's the motto of Q Anon right there, you know? And here's Donald Trump from speech that he gave recently where he talked about Hannibal Lecter. Here play this clip. Why? Because that's a vicious thing. I said, that's Silence of the Lamb. You know what that is? Has anybody seen Silence of the Lambs? Hannibal Lecter? How great an actor was he?


You know why I like him? Because he said on television, on one of the, I love Donald Trump, so I love him. I love him, I love him. He said that a long time ago, and once he said that he was in my camp, I was in his camp. I don't care if he was the worst actor, I'd say he was great to me. And look, that's what should be being emphasized here, you know, which Donald Trump seems to have prevented corporate media from wanting to cover these things because he keeps on complaining over and over again. Just show you those poll results one more time. So you see Donald Trump trailing the Harris Walls campaign has put out the following statement.


This weekend, Harris Walls cements advertising presence through election day with initial $370 million by today. The Harris Walls campaign is announcing that it will spend at least $370 million on digital and television advertising between Labor Day and Election Day. This weekend, our campaign is placing $170 million in TV reservations. This investment sits on top of the campaign, sits on top of what the campaign believes to be the largest digital digital reservation in history of American politics at more than 200 million. All the while, the Trump team has reserved virtually no critical ad placements in the battlegrounds and has no meaningful long-term plan to communicate to the voters who will decide this election.


Then it goes on to talk about, in addition to these historic investments on the Air Harris Wall's campaign is reaching voters on the ground. Our coordinated campaign now includes more than 1600 paid staff and more than 280 offices across the battlegrounds this weekend, heading into the Democratic National Convention, we are mobilizing 2,800 events across our key states in order to reach the voters that will decide this election. More than 10,000 supporters signed up to volunteer this weekend alone. On the other hand, Trump has no plan to win the voters who will decide this election. Currently, the Trump campaign has virtually no TV bookings that extend past August 26th outside of Georgia or Pennsylvania, among its Allied Super pacs MAGA Inc.


Largely only as TV booked through September 3rd and Preserve America only as TV booked through September 7th. This gives Harris Wall campaign a significant strategic advantage with early reservations and states and markets all across the country. And then it goes on to say, while the Harris Walls campaign is establishing a large footprint and key markets of every battleground state through election day, the Trump campaign is not making investments with the same urgency or same financial commitment needed to win a close election. While we go on offense to expand our map, the Trump team is on its back foot. It goes on to say, so keep you posted with more there another bad morning for Donald Trump with those polling numbers.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.