
As voters are increasingly concerned about an erratic, unstable Donald Trump, vice President Kamala Harris's campaign is highlighting the Republican officials who are now endorsing Vice President Kamala Harris because they know that she's fit to lead. Let's watch it. Of 100 Republicans who worked in national security for Presidents Reagan, both Bush's and for President Trump now endorsing Harris for president. She Came up as a prosecutor, an attorney general into the Senate. She has the kind of character that's gonna be necessary in the presidency. Vice President Harris is standing in the breach at a critical moment in our nation's history.


We have a shared commitment as Americans to do what's right for this country. This year. I am proudly casting my vote for Vice President Kamala Harris, former Generals, secretaries of defense, secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, CIA, directors and National Security Council. Leaders under Democratic and Republican Presidents, Republican members of Congress, and even former Trump administration officials. Agree, there's only one candidate fit to lead our nation. And that's Kamala Harris. I'm Kamala Harris, and I approve this message. And folks, the Republican Voters against Trump Group is out with a number of other testimonials that I love to cover here on the Midas Touch network of Republicans and even former Trump voters, sometimes former two time Trump voters who will now be voting for vice President Kamala Harris.


'cause they know how dangerous Donald Trump is. For example. Here is Jake, a former Trump voter from Texas. Let's play the clip. Every time I hear Trump or Vance talk, I just wanna pull my hair out. It's like, oh my God, these guys, they drive me crazy. My name's Jake. I've been a lifelong conservative and I'm voting for Kamala Harris in 2024. I voted for Trump in 2016. I'm a retired commissioned officer. I swore an oath to defend democracy and the Constitution, Against All Enemies sworn in domestic, and he is a threat to democracy. I see that he's a convicted felon. He's talked about suspending the Constitution, talking about being a dictator on day one.


Well, I'm also a historian. I've got a master's in World War II history. Once you're a dictator, one day you don't stop. And then I hear that he called service members losers and suckers. Well, I'm not a loser and I'm not a sucker. I didn't have bone spurs. He's the real loser. Trump talks about people being rhinos. He's the rhino. Dude's more democratic than Hillary before he ran. Don't gimme that crap. He's garbage. As far as Harris goes. Well, she's younger. Yeah, she's 60, but that's like the new 45. And so she's got the energy. Do I agree with her policy wise? Mm, some stuff, yes, some stuff, no. And every time I hear Trump or Vance talk, I just wanna pull my hair out. It's like, oh my God, these guys, they drive me crazy.


Nothing but lies. Nothing but misinformation. I'm over it. So Harrison Waltz, let's go. I'm ready for them to win country over party any Day. Here's a new ad that Republican voters against Trump put out highlighting the story of Matthew McCaffrey. Let's play the clip. Like I can't go to work and mess up something and then blame my staff. Like, who does that? Well, who does that? Donald Trump does that. I voted for Donald Trump and I went to his inauguration in 2016. We tried it for four years. It just didn't work. And it's time to move on, or it's gonna be more of the same, and the middle class is gonna suffer. Take it from me. I'm a lifelong Republican. I'm still a Republican kamala's trying to help the American people, especially the American Middle class.


I think she's gonna do a great job for people like me. I'm Kamala Harris, and I approve this message. Meet James, a former Trump voter. Here's what he has to say. Play the clip. It's really Like good and evil. I mean, you've got good people that care about the American people, and the other party has a person running board the presidency of the United States for one reason, one reason only, to keep himself out of jail. My name is James from Maryland. I'm a former Trump voter from 2016, and I look very forward to voting for Kamala Harris to be the next president of the United States in 2024. The reason why I will not be voting for Donald Trump again is honestly, I care about the democracy in the future of this country.


Kamala Harris will protect our rights. Donald Trump won't do any of those things. I mean, he's even threatened that, hey, you know, this could be the elect. Last election you ever voted in JD Vance. Let's go back in history to 2016 when he called Donald Trump a threat to our democracy. He cannot hold a single true belief because he keeps backtracking on what he used to be and said, this is a guy that cannot be trusted. Harrison Waltz. You have real people. I mean, look, look at her running mate that she picked. I mean, he was this high school teacher for 20 years. He comes across as a very likable, honest person who has worked hard his entire life.


The comparison between the two, you know, it's really like good and evil. I mean, you've got good, good people that care about the American people, and the other party has a person running for the presidency of the United States for one reason, one reason only to keep himself out of jail. He doesn't care about you. Here is Greg, another former Trump voter from Texas. Here's what he has to say. Play the clip. I would like to support people from Ohio, but JD Vance is clearly extremely right wing Christian. I'm Greg. I'm from Texas. I'm a former Trump voter, and in 2024, I will not be voting for Trump Donald.


Trump is a fascist Donald. Trump is a felon. Donald Trump is a pathological liar, and he has no business leading the GOP, let alone being President of the United States. January 6th was an example, in my opinion, of treasonous activity. He refused to accept the will of the people. He refused to take responsibility for his actions and activities on January 6th. And to me, that just cemented the fact that this man can't be trusted as a leader in a democracy.


I'm from Ohio and I would like to support people from Ohio, but JD Vance is clearly extremely right wing Christian. In 2024, I will be voting for Kamala Harris and a constructive future for this country.


A question that I am frequently asked is, Ben, how do you stay so calm when you're doing your reporting with all that's going on in the world? And I say one of the tricks that I use is actually, I use an app that's called Calm, and the app called Calm has these grounding exercises and expert talks and meditations that I listen to in the morning and sometimes before I go to sleep. And it's been really helpful for me come. It's the number one app for sleep and meditation, giving you the power to calm your mind and change your life. And it's really helped me. It's got meditations to work through anxiety and stress, and boost your focus and build healthier habits and take better care of your physical wellbeing and look, stress less, sleep more, and live better with calm. Try it out. I think you'll really like it. For listeners of our show, calm is now offering an exclusive offer of 40% off a calm premium subscription@calm.com slash midas CA lm.com/midas. Go to cm.com/midas for 40% off unlimited access to calms entire library. That's calm.com/midas.


And look, folks, I'm sure you've heard about the job numbers that were released on Friday. Look at the September job numbers. 254,000 new jobs created unemployment ticking down 4.1%. Wages rose by 4%. Treasury bond yields are up. Labor force participation is on the rise. This is why business leaders are supporting Vice President Kamala Harris. Even Fox couldn't put a negative spin on it when they were trying to here play this clip. Guess What, David Bolton is with us this morning. Great to have you here, David. All right, strong jobs report. What do you think? Yeah, I mean, I agree with Warren. It's really hard to put a negative spin on this.


It was a good jobs report. Yeah, the unemployment rate lower the total jobs number higher because I'm a long-term, big picture macro economist. I'm always worried about the lower labor participation force. I want more people in the workforce, but as far as the percentage of people that are in the workforce and looking for a job, a good portion of them have one. It's pretty, it's pretty easy right now to hold a job, but at the end of the day, wages are what a lot of people are looking to ash, and real wages have kept up pretty good here as of wait. So it's a good report. And on the other hand, while we're getting those major numbers, what do you have? Donald Trump's running mate, JD Vance saying when he's asked a very basic question, if he believes the 2020 election was rigged, here's what JD Van said, let's play it.


Trump often describes the 2020 election as rigged, and he often uses the term to describe what he sees as fraud in that election. Trump said that again yesterday at a rally in Michigan. Senator, would you use that specific term rigged? You have said in the past you have concerns about election integrity in the past and going forward, and do you concur with the president that the 2020 election was rigged? Well, look, let me, so I, so I'm, I'm, I'm from Ohio. I'm not, I'm not from the South, but I think of the, I think of the South. There's a phrase that really works. Bless your heart.


Look man, here, here. I I, I, first of all, we are focused on the future in this election and in this campaign, if you look at what President Trump says, what I say we are focused on. So no wonder you're going to have these former Trump voters leaving him, because bless your heart, what is that like? Our democracy should be cherished. It is so important and enough of that nonsense right there. Let me show you another testimonial right here from Republican voters against Trump. Let's play it. I voted For Donald Trump in 2016, in 2020. Now, for the first time in my life, I'm voting for a Democrat. And the reason for that all started on January 6th when Trump tried to overthrow the government.


I don't agree with everything that the Democrats want to do, but I know they don't wanna overthrow the government. And it's really that simple. I believe in my democracy. I believe in my country, in his country, over Party. And by the way, if you want a business leader's perspective, here's a real billionaire, mark Cuban. Here's what he has gotta say. And talking to her and talking to her team, it's not like she brings up, well, this is the Democratic party way, or this is what the party feels. This is the exact opposite. She talks about her values. She talks about bringing the country together. She talks about the fact that, you know, you have to come to the center if you're gonna bring the the country together. And I think that's what she's done. And I, I think that's great for all business people because you know, when we're a divided country, it truly is bad for business because we all have to deal with the cultures within our organization, and we have to walk that fine line where you have people who have different political views and it creates uncertainty at work.


And that's just not good for, for any organization. So I think, you know, at a fundamental basis, the fact that she's open, she's caring, she's direct, she's ethical, she's honest. Those are things that bring people together. Finally, Let me show you one more video from Republican voters against Trump. Here's their testimonial. Let's play it. The People that tore apart the capitol had their own issues in mind, but it's almost unequivocal that they were spurt on by his rhetoric, which continues to be completely divisive. Hey, I'm Greg. I'm a former Trump voter, and I'll not be voting for him in 2024. The reality that a convicted could be our next president is frightening on a long list of reasons. Foremost is that sets a terrible precedent.


It basically allows future convicted felons to run for office. It also basically says that the president is above the law. The thing that probably scares me the most about a second Trump term is exactly the fact that he is learned absolutely nothing. He seems to be more dangerous, more dark, more interested in personal vendettas, and it almost seems like four more years of Trump will be more about settling scores and less about furthering the American economy, making America better for us and for people around the world. It's pretty alarming that he seems more interested in settling scores and personal vendettas, and that seems to be his main mission. He's still doing it on the campaign trail. Rather than talk about issues, he'd rather attack Kamlan and wats and just race, gender. It's just wild. The reality is that January 6th, it feels dystopian.


I think it's almost impossible to not blame Donald Trump for the violence that happened. Certainly the people that tore apart the capitol had their own issues in mind, but it's almost unequivocal that they were spurred on by his rhetoric, which continues to be completely divisive, blistering, forceful, anti-American anti-fat and anti-democratic, et cetera. So yeah, pretty, pretty terrible When you have all of that. Then you have Donald, Trump being asked, jobs are up, stock market's up. Do you acknowledge that this is good? Donald Trump's like, no, I don't play it. You talk About the economy a lot out on the campaign. Charles, a very important issue to do with future voters as well. Jobs are up. The stock market hit that all time high. Do you acknowledge that the economy is perfect?


No, it's not. It's There you have it, folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.