
So I'm sure you know by now that Donald Trump has canceled all debates with Vice President Kamala Harris. Donald Trump was scared and terrified by the momentum and energy and fundraising around Vice President Kamala Harris. He knew she would make a fool of him on the debate stage, so he had his campaign spokesperson. Stephen Chung put out a statement. Vice President Kamala Harris responded, what happened to anytime, anywhere, any place? Isn't that what you said, Donald? But the campaign spokesperson, Stephen Chung, put out this bizarre statement, and he blamed the reason that Donald Trump was canceling the debates. He said on former President Barack Obama, who they refer to in the statement by the campaign as Barack Hussein Obama.


It's a very odd and weird and kind of just racist and xenophobic statement to really showcase just how weird this Trump campaign and Magnum movement is. But now Steve Chung, Donald Trump's campaign spokesperson is saying this was all part of the plan, and this was, and everything's going exactly to plan right now. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski wrote, we just can't keep up with how brilliant and clever this Trump campaign is and how much their messaging and the people who deliver that message appeal to voters outside their base. Of course, Ron was being sarcastic. Here's what Stephen Chung wrote earlier this morning in response to Bill Kin saying, really, you're resurrecting calling Barack Obama, Hussein Obama.


Doesn't that show how deeply shook the Trump people are right now? To which Stephen Chung, again, that's Donald Trump's campaign spokesperson, said the following. He said, you idiots fell for the trap. Hussein was trending and was mentioned on cable news throughout the night. Thanks for doing our jobs cuing his announcement this morning, moron, what are they even talking about? I'll just read you Trump campaign statement. They're the Trump campaign statement canceling the debate. So you can just see how weird it is, but Stephen Chung says, you're idiots. We set a trap. You fell for the trap 'cause now, when former President Obama endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris, you're now saying the word Hussein.


What? Here's the statement from the Trump campaign. Given the continued political chaos surrounding crooked Joe Biden and the Democrat Party general election debate, details cannot be finalized until Democrats formally decide on their nominee. There is a strong sense by many in the Democrat party, namely Barack Hussein Obama, that Kamala Harris is a Marxist fraud who cannot beat President Trump, and they are still holding out for someone better. Therefore, it would be inappropriate to schedule things with Harris because Democrats very well could still change their minds. Stephen Chung Trump campaign communications director, by the way, If, you look at Stephen Chung's background, this guy was a failure his entire life who just says whatever Donald Trump wants him to say.


And that's how he got that position right there. I'll show you, this is a clip from Stephen Chung back in on May 28th, 2024. And here's what he had to say. Just so you, you, you see the, the types of statements that are made by this person here, Play the clip. Make no mistake, this is election interference of the highest order crooked. Joe Biden and his campaign are in complete freakout mode, and that's why they've gone back on the word. And now they've gone in bed with a highly conflicted, conflicted judge, and now they're making a political mockery of this entire thing. The fact remains that President Trump will overcome, he'll fight these charges up and down, and there's nothing to stop the truth from coming out.


Thank you. Yeah. So that's who's running Donald Trump's communications department, and basically he spends the entire day like, just like making these weird posts at previously the Biden campaign and now Kamala Harris's campaign, like the Kamala Harris campaign put out this photo now hanging at what was the Biden headquarters, a California flag, and at Kamala headquarters. And then Stephen Chung says, not a lot of work going on there. And then here, there's a photo from Sasha Ber saying outside the White House, a handful of people with signs or thanking Biden for his decision to withdraw from the election. And Stephen Chung says, LOLA handful of people, Stephen Chung, like post photos of this like Montel Williams who previously dated Vice President Kamala Harris, like decades and decades ago.


Like that. Like that's where they're going with this. I mean like how immature and bizarre. By the way, here is the moment where former president Barack Obama and the former First Lady Michelle Obama, endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris, here play this. Click Kamala. Hello. Hi. Hey there. Aw, hi. You're both together. Oh, it's good to hear you both. I, I, I can't have this phone call without saying to my girl, Kamala, I am proud of you. This is going to be historic. We called to say, Michelle and I couldn't be prouder to endorse you and to do everything we can To get you through this election and, and into the Oval Office.


Oh my goodness, Michelle Brock, this means so much to me. I am looking forward to doing this with the two of you, Doug and I both, and getting out there being on the road. But most of all, I just wanna tell you the, the words you have spoken and the friendship that you have given over all these years mean more than I can express. So thank you both. It means so much. And, and we're gonna have some fun with this too, aren't we? You know, we can see how desperate the Trump campaign is, and I think, you know, Anthony Scaramucci sums it up best. He says that this campaign is flailing right now, and Donald Trump is hating his VP pick.


Here's Donald Trump's former communications director, Anthony Scaramucci. So now Donald Trump has Stephen Chung. He used to have the Mooch Scaramucci. You see the difference here of kind of qualifications here play this clip. Well, you know, that stuff's not landing. I mean that's helping him with his base, but it's not landing. I know the president very well. He's flailing right now. He hasn't really figured out what punches are gonna work. He hasn't come up with a good nickname. His default nickname is lying like lying Ted Cruz or lying Kamala Harris. So he's, he's flailing right now, and he's got some tips to his personality when he says someone's doing a fantastic job.


It's like George Steinbrenner saying, Billy Martin's safe. And then five days later firing him, you know, Vance is not doing a fantastic job. He knows that. We know that he hated Vance's speech. He doesn't like Vance's performance on stage. He thinks he's very dull. And from a casting perspective, because Donald Trump is all about casting, JD Vance is not living up to the expectations or at least the expectations that he was told about it. Because Here's what people are saying, like, here is a Pennsylvania voter featured recently on CNN, how Kamala Harris is the right person for this job right now here, this is a Pennsylvania voter and describing her experience with other Pennsylvania voters, and particularly women who she talks to play this clip.


Now a new challenge, You know, she's, she's at the perfect age. She's committed, she's vigorous. And I overwhelmingly, the women I talk to are, let's go, let's go.


We do a lot every day, and typically at night, I need something to wind down, but I'm sick of all the calories, nasty hangovers, bloating, and other negative health implications that can come with having a glass of wine before bed. That's why I'm obsessed with soul's New out of office THC gummies, perfectly. Microdose To get you Blist, not Blist. This podcast is sponsored by Soul Soul's New out of office gummies are perfectly microdosed with hemp derived THC and CBD to give any day that chilling on the beach vibe. I can't believe I didn't know you could buy THC products online like this. Did you know you can now buy hemp derived THC products in all 50 states? The out of office gummies help you get that much needed me time at the end of the day or during the day. They're convenient and delicious. Out of office gummies give you that warm, fuzzy, euphoric microdosed feeling without sending you to the moon. You could go for a jog, watch your favorite TV show, or head out to a party, whatever floats your boat. Souls out of office gummies have given me the perfect way to chill and maintain my sanity while trying to stay on top of my game and keep my anxious thoughts at Bay. Soul was founded five years ago by brother and sister Duo, Mike and Angie Lee. Mike is a former world ranked professional boxer, and Angie is an author and professional speaker who had the desire to create natural alternatives to medication that tackle problems they deal with themselves, like sleeplessness, anxiety, focus, and pain. And that's not all soul's got. Whether you're looking for a sleep aid enhanced focus or pain relief. Soul has all your wellness needs covered and soul's products are grown right here in the USA organically farmed and gluten-free. So give Soul a try at To get so.com and use code Midas for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order using code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S one last time. That's get so.com and code Midas for 30% off.


Yeah, things are going from bad to worse for the Trump campaign. New posts and stuff by JD Vance are being unearthed. Like back on February 17th, 2024, JD Vance was caught Google searching women and dolphin together to pull up videos of, of a dolphin and a woman. And I don't need to say anything more than that, but people are talking about JD Vance's, not just the couch stuff. Now they're talking about the fact that he Googled and searched for women dolphins. I mean, how strange is that?


Also, JD Vance literally wrote the forward for the book written by the director of Trump's project, 2025 called Dawn's Early Light Burning Down Washington to Save America. Just look right here. The Forwards by JD Vance. Donald Trump says, oh, I'm not with Project 2025. Your vice president wrote the forward to the book by Project 2025 on how to burn down Washington, is what it says right there. I wanna show you this clip right here. This is former Senator Clara McCaskill. Here's what she has to say about JD Vance. Let's play this clip.


And, and this is really extreme, this JD Vance. Now, keep in mind, not 20 years ago, not when he was in college, just in the last few months as a United States senator, he voted against protecting IVF. He voted against protecting contraception, birth control, and maybe the most telling vote of all. Only 28 senators voted with him. He voted to allow law enforcement To get the medical records of women in America. He think, you know, it's okay for the police To get medical records. That that just is, that's jaw dropping to most swing voters.


Not acceptable in America. Other video footage is being unearthed of JD Vance right now as well show you this clip right here where JD Vance made some horrific misogynistic remarks. He did it on a podcast hosted by a Twitter user who he follows, who calls for quote, let's put misogynist back in the Oval Office and says, we need to stop normalizing consent here. Take a look. You can see JD Vance follows this account. Here's what he said on that podcast where the podcaster talks about stop normalizing consent and to bring back misogynist in the Oval Office.


Here's what Vance said, Play the clip. Okay, look here, here's the situation. Let, let's say Roe v. Wade is overruled Ohio. Ohio bans abortion, you know, in 2022 or 2000, let's say 2024. And then, you know, every day George Soros sends a 7 47 to Columbus That's right, to load up disproportionately black women. To, get them to go have abortions in California. And of course the left will celebrate this as a victory for diversity. That's kind of creepy. How's just, how's justice we exterminate? That's that's right. Yeah. Multi class black people. Exactly. Something really something like that. Could I mean that would be really weird turn of events that could happen.


Yes. And And it's like, if that happens, do you need some federal response to prevent it from happening? 'cause it's really creepy. And you know, I, I'm, I'm pretty sympathetic to that Actually. And so while all of this is going on, the Biden Harris administration just doing the hard work, as Ian Sams posted big news from the Biden Harris administration in just the past 24 hours, border crossings hit their lowest levels since we took office down 55% since the Biden Harris executive order. Two top tier leaders of fentanyl trafficking Sinaloa cartel were arrested. And that was big news as well. You have El Mayo and also El El Chapo's son were arrested, which as Jennifer Griffin says, this is the equivalent of getting Bin Laden when it comes to the war against Fentanyl.


Biden's, DOJ got the Sinaloa cartel bosses, they were lured to the US thinking they were landing at a property in Mexico and nabbed near El Paso, Texas. And it's believed that actually El Chapo's son set up El Mayo and brought him to Texas where Biden's DOJ set up the sting and arrested the top Mexican drug kingpins who were bringing in fentanyl here. So another big Biden, DOJ, when I mean, while all of that is going on, you have Don Jr. And JD Vance did this bizarre interview. Let me show you this and then I wanna show you what Democratic congresswoman Jasmine Crockett had to say.


Here's the interview that was just released by Don Jr. We just took some of the, I guess, low lights of it, but this was the whole thing. Basically, I'll just show you a short clip. Play It. Like there's, some of them are like, we don't even want white women. Like, it doesn't, like we need to check like three or four boxes. So you can end up with like, if you're like, you know, a trans communist, this, that and the other, like you too can be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company with no experience whatsoever. He's actually spent real time with them and he sort of, I always say he is the blue collar billionaire. And 15 years ago when I said it, people used to shit all over me. Like, what are you talking about? I'm like, you don't understand. And Now, they understand the borders are wrote the article. Absolutely. It wasn't even like it was the same publication, it was the same journalist.


I'm like this, you like to literally save democracy because it's literally at risk. jd, that's why I keep, Here's Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett discussing the Republican attacks on Vice President Kamala Harris play this clip. Can You talk about the emotions in Congress? I wonder what you make of the Republican response. I mean House Republicans, conservatives have been calling the vice president of the United States, quote, an unqualified DEI hire. I know you have thoughts about this. I absolutely do. Listen, this tells you everything that you need to know about these clowns. They have nothing of substance to contribute as they normally don't. I mean, this is exactly why we literally are supposed to be working next week and we're not even coming to work to make sure that we can pass a budget because they have no plan.


I need the American people to wake up. They have no plan unless we start talking about Project 2025, which doesn't do anything for any of us. And one of the things that they continuously push in Project 2025 are these unwarranted attacks on anyone that is diverse in any way. And they try to pretend as if we don't have credentials. But my question is, as you continue to say that somehow JD Vance is prepared and qualified to be the vice president of the United States, I'm sorry, but this guy is walking into a role with way less qualifications than our vice president if we want to look at the qualifications that were required of her before she got the job. She had been elected a prosecutor, she had been elected the Attorney General.


She had been elected to the US Senate before she was ever the Vice President. JD Vance has been in the Senate for not even two years. So what I don't want to hear from that side is about A DEI Hi, hire. Because what I can tell you for sure is that this is them talking about the fact that they literally just cannot measure up to my vice president and soon to be their president of the United States. I, yes. And while everybody's talking about, you know, JD Vance and the couch rumor, which is not true, I mean Associated Press claims that JD Vance said that that never happened with the couches. But it is true. The dolphins, he did search that.


You can see that he searched that on Twitter, women dolphins. And I don't know why he was doing that and he, I think accidentally posted it. But here's the video that everybody's talking about as well, where JD Vance says, women who haven't given birth are childless cat ladies who are miserable at their lives and are threats to this country play this clip. But Look, what I was basically saying is that we're effectively run in this country via the Democrats via, via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made. And so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too. And it's just a basic fact. You look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg A OC, the entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children.


And how does it make any sense that we've turned our country over to people who don't really have a direct stake in it? I just wanted to ask that question and prop. So that's the state of the race right now. We will keep you updated. Oh, here's what some of the MAGA Republican influencers are saying too. Gunther Eagleman big right wing MAGA influencer says, men, don't let your wives ruin America. Make sure they are voting for President Trump exclamation point. That's the, that's where we're at right now as a country. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.