
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker. What else? Oh, it's Tracking in fact, value Surge alert trucks up 2.5%. Vans down 1.7, Just as predicted. So we gonna, I Don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's. Worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Ah, tracking. Always know your car's worth with Carvana Value Tracker.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael Right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck, GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest and stuff, even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customer. Be $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler, Pathetic, weak, and humiliating.


Donald Trump was just broken before the entire world and his disastrous trade war with China. As Donald Trump pulled back, most of the tariffs imposed on China after Donald Trump said that those tariffs were going to bring so much manufacturing back to the United States and it was going to make the United States so rich that we wouldn't even need income taxes in the United States anymore because those tariffs would replace it. Donald Trump effectively surrendered as he was broken before the world. If you wanna see how China is viewing this, look at how it state regime media is talking about it today. They are posting cartoon images like this of an Uncle Sam character getting upper cut in the face by a character representing tariffs.


More on that in a little bit. What I want you to focus on as well, when you take a look at the joint statement on US China economic and trade meeting in Geneva released by the United States and China, I want you to notice what's missing about that. Do you notice that it doesn't use the word deal joint statement on deal? Why? Because it was not a deal. It was a retreat by Donald Trump after what he imposed on China. China has referred to this as a consensus that was reached, and the consensus basically is for the United States to pull back what it did and what it said it was going to be. So great.


If you take a look at the details of what took place, it effectively means the US will temporarily lower its overall tariffs on Chinese goods from 145% to 30%, while China will cut its levies on American imports from 125% to 10% according to the joint statement. Why? Because China recognized that tariffs are a tax on its own importer importers that are then passed through to consumers. So China's effectively taxing its own consumers at a rate of 10% while the United States is still taxing its consumers at 30%. But the United States pulled back from 145% to 30% after a few days ago.


Donald Trump saying, I don't know, maybe we'll do 80%. And then Donald Trump's commerce secretary Howard Lutnick, who some called nut said, I don't know, maybe it'll be 50%. Well, now it is 30% right there. And again, this is after Donald Trump said that this is what's gonna make us all rich. The more tariffs the better. Trump said, right? And he said, the fact that ships aren't coming into our ports, which we were warning about in the United States, right? We had Governor Gavin Newsom show up and say, the ships aren't coming to Oakland, the ships aren't coming to Long Beach, which is in Los Angeles. We also know the ships aren't coming to Seattle, but Trump said that was a great thing. So I guess that's not a great thing after all right there.


And the markets seem to think that Trump's tariff war against the world is not a great thing because the markets are reacting very positively to Donald Trump's retreat Right now. You wanna see how it's being reported in financial papers? Barron's, the financial magazine says the following, Trump blinked big time on China trade taking the worst case off the table. The Trump administration has blinked big time. And if you're saying, well, what did Donald Trump get in return? Absolutely nothing. If you take Donald Trump's own words, he says that China said maybe it's gonna try to maybe stop sending more fentanyl. I take them at their word. He said, I take them at their word that this may stop some of the fentanyl coming into the United States.


You take them at their word that that's what you extracted from this. Take a look at how Bloomberg is characterizing this. Xi Jinping's defiance pays off as Trump meets most Chinese trade demands. After two days of tox in Switzerland, the US and China announced deescalation the deal, met nearly all of Beijing's core demands, including the suspension of the elevated reciprocal tariff, the establishment of a point person for talks and agreements on fentanyl and tariffs. The reduction in tariffs is seen as a positive development in China with the potential to boost its economy and make it easier to hit a growth target of about 5% this year.


Although some caution remains, and it goes and talks about here in this article how China basically got everything at once. And so I ask you, what was the whole point of what Donald Trump's been doing if he was just going to withdraw it anyway after telling us all how great it was going to be and America gets what? Nothing in return. There's no actual deal here. So stop calling it a deal. It's a consensus for the United States to retreat and for future discussions to happen in the future. That's what happened. And it showed the world how unstable the United States is and frankly made. And this is a horrible thing to say as an American, but I don't know, but I have to be objective in my reporting and made China look like the adult in the room and the mature one in the room while Trump looked like a little petulant baby and shows the US market as being not stable.


That's not a good thing Right now. And it also shows you can take Donald Trump. Well, we do this before, but it certainly is reflective again of you can't take Donald Trump seriously on anything. He says he'll impose something for 30 days, the pressure rises and then he retreats. That's his pattern over and over again. And the rest of the world has taken notice. He's a paper tiger is the the nicest thing you could possibly say about him. Charles Gasparino, a business reporter for Fox, says the following, Trump raised tariffs on the world, the markets, particularly the bond market, which needs to finance our debt. Rebelled Trump was then forced to back off end of story film at 11 of president trying to spin this as a victory.


Okay, sorry I couldn't help myself. But what we have seen is a little lesson in how markets exert their power. How when you have to depend on them as we still do and remember, it's really the budget deficit that's causing the trade deficit. And we need the budget deficit to maintain our standard of living. You can go to a trade war with the world without bad stuff happening. Now, I'll show you right here. This is by Donald Trump's own admission, kind of sheepishly being asked at a press conference earlier. What? What did you get out of this? Like, so what are, what's the United States getting? Because there was more trade, better trade before January 20th.


So we're, we're in a slightly worse position now than January 20th. That's supposed to be the victory in terms of the bilateral relationship as a country. We're in a far worse situation as we've had a first quarter GDP contraction. Many small businesses and medium sized businesses suffering American people are suffering. Donald Trump says, yeah, maybe they'll stop the fentanyl, play this clip. But so that's a very important subject to me. 'cause I've, everybody in this room has lost friends or, or people that have family members that have died of fentanyl. So there's a big incentive for China to stop and I take them at their word.


They're gonna work on that, I think very hard.


So you ever wake up and feel like your body just hit the snooze button on life? Yeah, same honestly. Aging sneaks up on you in some wild ways, whether it's a night out or a good workout. I just don't bounce back the way that I used to. One day you're full of energy. The next you're Googling how to stretch without pulling a muscle. I believe one of the best aging breakthroughs of the last decade is qua lytic. And here's why. It's designed to help your body naturally eliminate something called senescent cells, also known as zombie cells. These are the ones that just hang around after they've stopped doing their job, draining your energy and making you feel well old. Think joint discomfort, sluggish recovery, low energy. The whole deal quality is lytic, is a groundbreaking supplement made with nine plant-based nutrients and you only take it two days a month. That's it. Since I started taking it, I felt more energized, quicker to recover from workouts and honestly just more like me. Again. Plus quality is breakthrough. Formulation is vegan, non gmo, and tested by leading scientists experience the science of feeling younger. Go to quality of life.com/midas for up to 50% off your purchase and use code Midas for an additional 15%. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/midas, MEID ds for that extra 15% off your older self will. Thank you. And thanks to Quaia for sponsoring this episode.


As congress member Eric Swalwell said, just like I told you this would happen, Trump caves on China. Thank you. You went to the town halls and town squares, we did this. And he's also referring to a post he made on April 27th where he says, Trump will cave on tariffs if we push this with everything we got, we can make this coward cave. It's coming. And he was responding there in April 27th, 2025, to Trump saying that these tariffs against China were working so well that we were going to eliminate the income tax, that we wouldn't need the income tax anymore. Here. Play this clip And we're gonna make a lot of money and we're gonna cut taxes for the people of this country.


It'll take a little while be before we do that, but we're gonna be cutting taxes and as possible we'll do a complete tax cut because I think the tariffs will be enough to cut all of the income tax. Now we have a lot of debt that's been left to us, You know, unfortunately over many years, we'll take care of that. But the tariffs, when if people only understood the tariffs, we're gonna be giving people a of this country a tremendous tax cut. And we're gonna start with people making less than $200,000 a year. So here's what we posted on the Midas Touch Network. US China agreed to a 90 day pause on new tariffs after shipping to US ports plummeted US tariffs on Chinese imports will be cut from 145% to 30% Chinese tariffs on US.


Imports will be cut from 125% to 10%. If tariffs are supposed to result in massive job growth and make us rich, then why are we lowering them? Then we showed the cycle of Trump and MAGA people. Trump goes, I'm adding tariffs, MAGA people. This will create jobs. Trump, I'm removing tariffs. Art of the DL says his MAGA cult Trump. I'm adding the tariffs again. Trump people. This will create jobs. I'm removing the tariffs. Trump people, art of the dl as Justin Wolfer, economist at University of Michigan says, there are two ways to frame this news. US trade policy and our macroeconomic prospects are much better today than they were yesterday. And two, US trade policy and our macroeconomic prospects are much worse today than on inauguration day.


Both are still true. This is how they're talking about this in China Daily, the Maine Chinese state regime media. I just want you to see how they're framing this. There as a major power in the world, the US should act as such in a responsible way. However, however, the frequent backsliding and wanted changes in trade rules of the government have damaged the country's credibility of itself. The US has become an unreliable and fickle player in global economic governance with its strategic credibility and international status being continuously eroded by its shortsighted behavior. The US is trying to curb China's economic development through high tariffs. But the reality is quite the opposite. The global supply chain has formed an intricate network and China has cultivated irreplaceable advantages in basic manufacturing support industries and labor.


The high tariff policy of the US will not be able to hit China, which in turn will seriously damage its own economic interest. China will not succumb to any form of economic coercion and will resolutely defend its legitimate rights and interests and national security through corresponding countermeasures in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the basic principles of international law that goes on to say, so you see what the position of China is right there. And then, while I'm on the topic, I, I do wanna show you this as well because you can go through deal by deal here with Donald Trump and we can call this out. I think Justin Wolffer economist at University of Michigan does a very good job right here doing that Here he talks about how really, when you talk about the quote unquote deal between the United States and the United Kingdom, it's just a phony thing here.


Play this clip. Let me characterize the whole deal for you. It's 10%. I want you to write that in big font. On a big piece of paper, 10%. And there's little asterisk next to it. The 10% matters because it basically said Trump walked in and he said, I am imposing a 10% tariff on Americans who buy goods from Britain no matter what. And then he said, there's a an asterisk up here which says, now let's start making a deal. And the making a deal was a promise to have further chats about further conversations, which actually gets very close to nothing done. It was basically collusion between the British Prime Minister and the American president to go out and each lie to their respective populations to pretend each had gotten something done with the other.


Yeah, the reality is this deal does nothing except actually cement in place. Hire tariff to be clear. Taxes on Americans. Yeah, who buy goods from, from the United Kingdom. Peren with a carve out for Rolls Royces. And here, professor Wolfers talks about how the economics of the special tar tariff carve out for British made luxury vehicles really reveals Donald Trump's true intentions here, which is to basically help luxury brands that he likes, I guess, while manipulating the markets. Here, play this clip right here. And what's amazing is the president actually said, well, we've gotta give him a break on the Rolls Royces because they're a beautifully made handcrafted car.


The whole point of the tariffs is to bring production to America. I get British craftsmanship, but if the president doesn't think we are capable of learning how to stretch leather over a car seat, we have tariffs on bananas. No American worker is ever going to learn how to grow bananas. We have tariffs on vanilla. We can't grow vanilla. We have tariffs on diamonds. We can't mine diamonds, but we did decide that the one thing we definitely can't do is Rolls Royces.


So we should have a special carve out. Well, there you have, but folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you for watching.


Can't Get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.