
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel do com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistant assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra fee terms@mintmobile.com.


Donald Trump made a number of stunning admissions in his disastrous interview with Brett Bearer of Fox. A lot of these admissions are just airing now. Like Donald Trump says, he does not want his Vice president, JD Vance, to be his successor here, play this clip. Do you view Vice President JD Vance as your successor, the Republican nominee in 2028? No, but he's very capable. I mean, I don't think that it, you know, I think you have a lot of very capable people so far. I think he's doing a fantastic job. It's too early. We're just starting. But By the time you get to the midterms, he's gonna be looking for an endorsement. Yeah. A lot of people have said that this has been the greatest opening almost three weeks in the history of the presidency.


That's Like been the fastest and the most stuff Happened. Well, we've done so much so fast and we really had to. 'cause they have really, what they've done to our country is so sad. It's so sad. We're gonna be bigger, better, and stronger than ever before I's a pretty clear No. Thereby Donald Trump, I'll show you another major admission he made as well. That's airing. Now, before showing you that, I wanna show you the new decor at Mar-a-Lago where that interview was taking place at Mar-a-Lago. There is now a bizarre golden hoofed goat idol on display. The idol is wrapped in Trump $100 bills that say in Trump, we trust replacing God with Trump.


The idol's base says, I love you, along with Trump's signature. This is the main statute right now in Mar-a-Lago. You see it right there. Nothing says like, I work with the working class people and I care about working class issues and I'm here to lower prices than having whatever the heck that is. Back to the stunning admissions from Donald Trump. I guess this one shouldn't be all that stunning, but hearing him speak about ethnic cleansing in this way is so utterly disturbing. Donald Trump is asked by Brett Bear Well, because you keep saying Donald, that you want to just get rid of all Palestinians level Gaza and then move the people to other countries.


Are they ever going to have the right to return to Gaza? Listen to what Donald Trump says. Let's play it. Build beautiful communities for the 1.9 million people. We'll build beautiful communities. Safe communities. Could be five, six, could be two. But we'll build safe communities a little bit away from where they are, where all of this danger is. In the meantime, I would own this. Think of it as a real estate development for the future. It would be a beautiful piece of land. Would the Palestinians have right to return? No, they wouldn't because they're gonna have much better housing, much better. In other words, I'm talking about building a permanent place for them.


'cause if they have to return now, it'll be years before you could ever, it's not habitable, it'll be years before it could happen. I'm talking about starting to build, and I think I could make a deal with Jordan. I think I could make a deal with Egypt. You know, we give them billions and billions of dollars a year. Now, statement after statement, this maniac says to me is more horrific, dangerous, and demented than the next. Let's not forget about this statement that he made last night about Elon Musk and why does Elon's financial disclosures remain secret? Why is this a big secret here? Play this clip. He just Put out why does Elon's financial disclosure remain secret?


Because nobody's looking at that. We're looking at all the corruption that's taken place. I mean, his financial disclosure is largely the number of shares that he's got in very public companies and and that's not secret at all. If you read that, you'll see a lot. I mean, he talks about his whole thing. I read one where Roy gave a very good history of him, but basically it's a number of shares times a certain stock price. So why is that not public? It's public. All you have to do is read it. Perhaps the reporter should have also asked why your financial disclosures Donald remain secret. Where are your tax returns? Let's take a look at your crypto wallet.


Let's take a look at all of your conflicts of interest. I know the Republican party now full blown Maga is spineless and they're okay with dictatorships that destroy the lives of we, the people and crush and cripple working class people. But perhaps we ask that question. So Donald Trump is asked though here about Pentagon spending. So if you are trying to have Doge cut all of these things, what about space and all of the stuff that Tesla and SpaceX and Space Force? What about all of that? Since you are taking away fundamental programs that keep people alive, is going to space more important than the lives of people you're currently killing, play the clip, Spending too much on launch services.


Is the Pentagon spending too much for launch services to space? I think space is gonna be a very important element. You know, I'm the one that came up with Space Force. I'm very proud of it. Biden tried to get out of it and he was really rebuked by the military. I think space is gonna be one of the most important things we do. It's gonna be all about space, especially defense. So space is very important Going.


I wanna tell you about one of my favorite brands in the entire health and wellness world. Qualia, I have never felt better lately. And a big part of that is because of the quality of products I've been using regularly. Quaia science team is tackling some of the biggest challenges in health and wellness. From optimizing mental performance to supporting longevity, their meticulously crafted formulas, blend complimentary ingredients into simple once a day supplements that make it easy to support complex health needs. One of my absolute favorites is the quality of lytic. It's a game changer. It helps the body naturally eliminate senescent cells. Those are these zombie cells that build up as we age and contribute to things like aches, slow recovery, and that sluggish middle age feeling. I feel more energized. My workouts have improved and I just move better. The benefits have just been absolutely incredible in my daily life. Take a look at Quality is truly Inspired Health Formulas. Go to quality of life.com/midas and use code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for up to 15% off your purchase. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/ ME IDAs for 15% off. Thank you Callia for sponsoring this episode.


Now folks, it's stunning admission after stunning admission and the Mago Republicans on Capitol Hill are echoing what Donald Trump is saying. They can't even, they're not even trying to defend it. They're just spineless parrots at this point. No offense to parrots. I mean, here for example, is MAGA Republican representative, Pete Sessions on Doge accessing American's private information and Pete Sessions just explains matter of factly. Yes. Elon Musk's team broke into, so to speak, the government databases because it wasn't being what unlawfully handed over to them. So they broke into it.


Listen to the words that you're saying. MAGA, as Elon Musk and his team of 19 and 22 year olds who refer to themself as Mr. Big Balls are taking the data of we the people listen to this here, play this clip. What are these people, many of them young staffers, without government experience doing with my private information? I mean, as we know that they've accessed private information about, for example, those who have received disaster relief and the and the DHS system. What can you tell us about that data? What they're doing with it, what they're accessing? Yeah. Well, first of all, they're not interested in anybody's particular private data because within these systems, they are payment systems of where money was going out and where they're gaining visibility and access to that.


I will tell you that I believe strongly believe that the request that they had, they were not receiving positive viewpoints on people did not wanna comply. So when they chose not to comply, they brought their own people in who broke into, so to speak, these databases and provided the information we needed. And the government people, computer programmers were shocked that it could happen. This is what We've been seeing all morning folks, and I'll do a whole other video on this, but here is the National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett, one of the top Trump economic people.


Here he is on CNBC. Again, talking about conquering Canada and how Canada needs to be the 51st state here, let's play this right here. People Wages for the people at lower inflation. And that's what I mean, it's, that's a hundred percent is what the strategy is. I mean, he's told Brett Bear, he really is serious about Canada as a 51st state. There, there are some things that you're laughing, but I are there times where you're like coming up with ways to defend some things that, that seem a little bit maybe out outlandish. When, when, when the US was founded, how many states did we have? Hey Kevin, how many we have now?


And so is it outlandish? Is it outlandish to dream the bigger, some of it seems a little United States. I don't think so. I I, I, I mean it's crazy to let Hawaii and Alaska come. It's just crazy. It's outlandish that we brought Alaska. Canada is really mad. If you, I got one for you, Kevin, but I think he's telling me, okay, go ahead. They're Serious. How do you, while all of this is going on, folks, you've got the right wing, echo chamber all on X, which is formerly Twitter saying things like this. What the F? They use the curse word. Do you think Elon Musk is going to do with your social security number? Tweet it. Open a line of credit that you don't have to, which Elon Musk responds seriously, cry face emoji.


And for damn sure, I'm 1000% more trustworthy than all than untold numbers of deep state bureaucrats and fraudsters who may be misusing your social security number right now. So folks, this is where we are in the United States of American. I understand why our international viewers are looking at this in utter horror, where an oligarch who's not in the government is out there making posts and saying, what's the worst I can do with your social security information or medical information or private information. Don't you trust me everybody?


Don't you trust me? While that's going on our right wing propaganda, state regime media, also known as Fox, is out there with its hosts pushing their right wing propaganda. And here what they say is, look, we in media, we should just be reposting. Whatever Trump tells us to repost, his communications team gives us the info. Let's just repost it. This is what they're saying on Fox. Let's play it To ensure prosperity and the fact that the media can't keep up. A, doesn't matter because it, we're not looking to them for the news anyway. And B, guess what President Trump is doing? His Office of Comms is directly emailing and putting out our truth, social and putting on the websites every day, all day, all exactly what they're doing.


So all you have to do, legacy media is simply repeat, retweet, repost. And that's the news. And that's the facts it Can't even keep Up with. And here's the segment. Fox ran earlier in the day about the big moves that Donald Trump has made that will impact your everyday life. Here. Play this clip. I venture the, the answer is no, but like we said, it's just the tip of the iceberg. More revelations to come and this some of the big moves that President Trump has made that will impact your everyday life. Keep it right here. Well, it seems like nothing is off the table in President Trump's second term. President Trump has just ordered the end of penny production. President has also declared that every February 9th will officially be known as Gulf of America Day.


He has clearly had enough vowing to bring back plastic straws once and for all writing. Quote, I will be signing an executive order next week ending the ridiculous Biden push for paper straws, which don't work back to plastic. God, I love it. All in a day's work. All right, so All of this is going on folks. The federal judge or multiple federal judges continue to rule against Donald Trump. One federal judge, for example, just extended the deadline for federal workers to accept Trump administration's unlawful buyout order. Let me leave you with this. Okay? He showed you Trump in the beginning.


Here's the new chair of the DNC, Ken Martin talking about his perspective on where we're at now. Play the clip. Well, look, it's only been three weeks and Elon Musk has already shown that he's the worst president that the US has ever had. And so in all honesty, I mean, this is the guy that was put in charge to bring efficiency to our government. The last thing he cares about is actually helping improve people's lives. Him and Donald Trump. Basically, you have this, this government now that's been bought in by the billionaires. The billionaires have one thing in mind, which is to make the most amount of profit they can off the backs of hardworking men and women in this country. You know, I don't know how in the hell changing the name of the Gulf of of of Mexico to the Gulf of America is gonna help anyone in this country right now.


Well, there you have it, folks. Hit subscribe. Will you help us get to 4 million subscribers? What do you think about Donald Trump saying absolutely no to JD Vance? What do you think about what Donald Trump's saying about Gaza? What do you think about it all? Put it in the comments below. Let me know what you think. Please hit subscribe. We want to get to 4 million subscribers in the next day or two. We need your help. And also you can check us out@midasplus.com. Check it out. Thanks for watching and have a wonderful day. Can't get enough? Midas? Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.