
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now. Up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled BAB b.com/spotify. Podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Behind the bright lights and adrenaline of pro sports is an equally exciting world of negotiations and deal Making. That's what we cover each week on our podcast. The Deal. I'm Alex Rodriguez, former baseball player turned business, Executive And. I'm Jason Kelly, chief correspondent for Bloomberg. Originals. Over. the next couple months we'll hear from all stars like Jay Williams. I. wanna be an owner one day? Billie Jean. King Learn the business and so many more Listen to the deal on Spotify.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


So it looks like Miami-Dade County is going to be ground zero for where the mass deportation operations by Donald Trump begins in January. Now, schools in the Miami-Dade area are bracing for immigration officers breaking down doors and removing children and going after others who are there and in hospitals. Now, there used to be a rule as well that immigration officials follow that there were certain safe spaces that you do not do raids on like hospitals and schools. Well, part of Project 2025, and part of the portion that was written by Donald Trump's border are Tom Holman specifically revoked any safe space exemptions, meaning that ice officials would now under Tom Holman, if he implements his project 2025 plan, he said he's going to, is going to knock down doors at schools and hospitals and also do work site raids as well.


You take a look right here, Miami-Dade County with almost a 70% Hispanic population voted overwhelmingly for Donald Trump as well in November with Trump winning by 11 percentage points over Vice President Kamel Harris. It was the first time that a Republican presidential candidate carried the county since 1988, but as this article says in the Tallahassee, Democrat does appear that Miami-Dade will be ground zero for Trump's immigration policies. Quote, it seems like a lot of people thought, this doesn't apply to me. Gomez said, well, I guess we'll find out.


Wanted to show you this TikTok right here from Shirley Finance career. She does a good job on TikTok. Take a look at her description of this as well. Let's play it and and give her a follow on TikTok if you can. Here play this clip. So the deportation start in Miami, huh? Look, Maybe Miami just entered the find out phase, but let's be honest, it makes total sense for the deportations to start in Miami. Number one, it is the county with the most deportation cases currently open in the United States. Number two, it is one of the least diverse counties in the country, not because there's so many white people, but because there's so many immigrants. There's a latter concentration of undocumented people in Miami dad, and the chances are that if you live here, you know someone who's undocumented.


But let's be clear, it's not just people who are illegal that might be at risk. It's DACA recipients, it's people on asylum, it's people on parole, and it's people under temporary protective status, not because they are illegal, but because the programs themselves might end before the documentation goes through. So personally, I would start seeking legal guidance. So, here are some Trump supporters following the election from Miami Dade talking about why they supported Donald Trump. Ultimately, they all believed, and still some do that, that somehow the mass deportations are not going to apply to them.


It's not going to apply to their families that it's gonna just be against the other people, even though that's simply not what the mass deportation plan says. But here, watch this right now, let's play it. I myself in Cuban, my whole family is immigrants. So you would think, Hey, I'm pro-immigrant. He can offend Cubans tomorrow. And I wouldn't care as long as my life is better and my peers are enjoying their life as well. What I would like to see is more jobs come up here, less war, a backbone for America, a better immigration policy. My father came here, got us all citizenships from overseas. We were, he had four children. He brought us in to all those things to give us a better future. Things are haywire.


Let's see what we could get done. Then this go around with Trump. Well, I Know tons of people that just came from Cuba 20 years ago, doctors, and they've done their American dream and they've done their due process. I wanted to see Trump back in in the White House, And, I. Think people who come here legally or people who are here and see what is going on with the immigration and how they're giving thousands and thousands of dollars for these people who are coming here, money that they could be, be spending on the problems that we have in our country.


As A kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar and most cereals, they don't gimme the protein that I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like the classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite after Jim Snack. Now, every serving a magic spoon cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carbs, so you can feel good about what you're eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 12 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolatey peanut butter. Now, my favorite is the Magic Spoon chocolatey peanut butter treats. And by the way, they're my wife's favorite too. They make for the best late night snack, get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash Midas, or look for Magic Spoon on Amazon or in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas for $5 off Magic Spoon.


Just Taking a look at this article from the Tallahassee Democrat, it says How Miami-Dade likely to be ground zero for this. It goes on to say that Donald Trump is likely to declare a national emergency lying saying that we're under invasion right now to start this mass. Deportation immigration experts say about 5% of Florida's entire population, that's 1.1 million residents could be impacted, likely don't have the documents to remain here under a mass deportation at risk. Also could be people under temporary protected status TPS asylum or parole.


This includes Cubans voted for Trump, Haitians, Nicaraguans, and Venezuelans, who also voted for Trump, CHNV migrants, also DACA recipients, deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, which has allowed thousands of children bored to undocumented parents to make new lives in Florida. Also going to be targeted under Donald Trump. This article by the Tallahassee Democrat then goes on to talk about how this would severely harm Florida's economy, given that its workforce was so heavily dependent on labor that would not have the documentation to stay here under mass deportations.


The article talks about, you may remember this, when Ron DeSantis did a state version of this without a lot of success, and it really kind of crippled some industries there where he said, and a law that pushed employers who used undocumented labor and banned those not in the country legally. From having driver's license, Florida's agriculture construction and tourism industries started suffering and they said, Hey, DeSantis, you really can't do this. That law led to an exodus of many immigrant workers from Florida leaving dozens of businesses and industry associations complaining of labor shortages for the past two years at a time when available jobs in Florida already far outstrip the number of applicants.


I think that's important to know that there is a lot of jobs that are out there, so this whole idea that these migrants are taking the jobs and stealing the jobs of Americans, I mean they, they aren't, and if you look at what was happening in Ohio, there were Americans who were just not working those jobs like in Springfield, Ohio, and that's why the Haitian community was lawfully welcomed there. They revitalized the economy there, and then the people who invited and there voted Trump, I guess, to deport them here from WPTV schools, are bracing for the upheaval over mass deportations. And I think it is important to note how the policy has changed from when their, here's where it says it right here.


Immigration officials in the past have avoided arresting parents or students at schools since 2011. US Immigration and Customs Enforcement has operated under a policy that immigration agents should not arrest or conduct other enforcement actions near sensitive locations, including schools, hospitals, and places of worship. Doing so might curb access to essential services. US Secretary of Homeland Security, Alejandro Mayorkas, wrote the 2021 policy update. However, the Heritage Foundation, Donald Trump's policy roadmap Project 2025, calls for rescinding the guidance on sensitive places. Then it says, Trump tried to distance himself from the proposals during the campaign, but he has nominated people who wrote them, including the borders are Tom Holman, by the way, here is Tom Holman on Fox, notably Kellyann Conway.


Donald Trump's consultant is a host on Fox. I mean you don't get more state TV than this. I mean like Donald Trump's advisors are all Fox hosts, and here's Tom Holman. Trump's Borderers are saying that if any area stops his military forces from doing the raids, that he's gonna go after them with the United States military here play this clip, And if they can, if they don't wanna help and step aside and don't help, fine, don't help, but don't get in our way, and I've said this before, the past week over and over again, do not harbor and conceal an illegal alien, knowingly harbor and conceal an illegal alien from us because it's a crime. Don't impede us because it's a crime.


Don't obstruct because it's a crime. If you wanna sit aside and let us do your job as securing the community's fine, we'll do that. We don't cross that line. Tom wanna show you this segment right here about will mass deportations hurt the Southern Florida economy? Let's play this one as well. Two months from now, president-elect Donald Trump will be getting ready to take the oath of office today. He posted on his social media that it is true. He plans to declare a national emergency and use the military for a mass deportation program. NBC six, politics reporter, Hutzel Vela, is live now with what immigration attorneys are saying about the effects right here for South Florida. Hutzel Jackie. These are two different attorneys who know this community well, and tonight have a stark warning, especially for Haitians and Nicaraguans who are here under Biden's humanitarian parole program.


President-elect. Donald Trump has vowed that on day one, his administration will restrict immigration and Ramp up deportations to immigration attorneys. We talked to say this will immediately affect South Florida as Trump is expected to end the parole program for Cubans, Haitians, Nicaraguans, and Venezuelans. All those groups have the largest eggs out communities right here in South Florida. More people are gonna go to trial, more people are gonna be deported. Immigration attorney Willie Allen says, our community does not realize the kind of impact this will have on local families. I'm not worried about Cubans because we have the Cuban Adjustment Act. Cubans are the only group in the US who by law can legalize in a year and a day.


Alan's also not too worried about Venezuelans as some are protected by temporary protective status through April of 2025. Who am I worried about? Number one, Haitians. The Haitians were the one group that had the most entries with the humanitarian parole. He's right through the end of September. The Department of Homeland Security says nearly 214,000 Haitians have arrived in the US through the parole program. Venezuelans are the second highest number with nearly 121,000. Granted parole Cubans come in third place with more than 110,000 who have arrived under the program and more than 96,000 Nicaraguans have used it. The argument would be that he could do away with the program, but the people who are already here have a two year window to stay here, But that two year window is coming to a close, leaving hundreds of thousands of people in legal limbo and possible deportation orders Starting in 2026.


A lot of people will not have any status. The, and people are panicking and they have, you know, a reason to panic because they don't see a future. In The case of Haiti, these are immigrants who now don't see a future here or in Haiti. Haiti right now is going through a lot. We have gang infesting areas, we have a lot of murders, and they are worried that they will be sent to their death. That's quite a statement. Both attorneys agree the effects of mass deportations go beyond these communities or these groups. Here in South Florida. They say expect significant impact on our local economy, which relies heavily on immigrants who work in agriculture, construction, and many other sectors. And, I think it may be helpful that you listen to this immigration lawyer.


This is Mick Bean immigration law. She put together a good video right here on the topic. Let's play it. Miami is also a place that is very easy to target with regard to the new Trump administration will be doing. USA today reported last week that Trump's deportation plan could target as many as 1.1 million people in the state of Florida, and that represents 5% of the Floridian population. They are folks who are undocumented, folks with TPS, folks with daca, folks with parole. As I've already shared with you, my list of folks who are easy to reach by the federal government.


Those who are on this parole, the two year parole that Biden created for Cubans. Nicaraguans. Venezuelans, very easy to target those individuals because the government already has their information. They have a work permit right now in Florida. Deportations could negatively affect families, workplaces, of course, the economy there with many fair and job losses and family separations. Now the article says Miami Dade with a large Hispanic population could be ground zero for Trump's policies, despite its recent support for Trump in the 2024 election. Again, it goes on to say a lot about the fear and uncertainty faced by the immigrant community there in Florida.


So you have New Jersey, you have Florida, certainly you have other big cities which could also be considered ground zero for these efforts that the Trump administration is planning to launch from day one. There you have it, folks. Surprising, maybe not surprising that these Trump voters thought they weren't coming for them, but they're the first that they're targeting Also the government in Florida, the state government is gonna let Trump do whatever he wants, so they're not gonna resist this. They're gonna open it up and say, deport my Tia and Tia deport Maya bta, deport. Deport my family members. Donald, anything for you? Donald deport my family. Let's go. Deport me, Donald. Do it. It's what they're going to say.


Anyway, ridiculous. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.