
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


It is now being reported that Donald Trump is going to be selecting Marco Rubio as his Secretary of State, Marco Rubio previously to Donald Trump as a total and absolute fraud, who you can't trust with anything. Donald Trump previously referred to Marco Rubio as quote Lil Marco. In addition to Marco Rubio as Secretary of State, Donald Trump is also picking a Dick Cheney protege to be his National Security advisor. Republican representative Mike Walls of Florida will be Donald Trump's national security advisor. That position doesn't require any confirmation. It's just interesting that Mike Wall served as the former counter-terrorism advisor to Dick Cheney after Donald Trump repeatedly attacked Dick Cheney and everybody who Dick Cheney surrounded himself with.


Right? That was a major part of the campaign. And I previously reported that Donald Trump's Treasury Secretary Pick is likely going to be a protege of George Soros back from 2012. Ironic. Interesting. You tell me. So first, let's talk about Marco Rubio. I'll make this point as well. Donald Trump's vice President JD Vance, as previously referred to Donald Trump as America's Adolf Hitler. That comes from JD Vance. And then you have Marco Rubio, Donald Trump's Secretary of State pick, referring to Donald Trump as a total, an absolute fraud. So let me just show you some of the examples where Donald Trump's now Secretary of State went on the record to make these statements about Donald Trump.


Here's Marco Rubio saying this in 2016. Let's play it. But yeah, here's what happens In many countries around the world, you have a leader that emerges and basically says, forget, don't put your faith in yourselves. Don't put your faith in society. Put your faith in me. I'm a strong leader and I'm gonna make things better by all by myself. This is very typical. You see it in the third world. You see it a lot in Latin America for decades. It's basically the argument he is making that he single handedly is gonna turn the country around. We've never been that kind of country. We have a president. The president is an American citizen who serves for a period of time constrained by the constitutions and the powers vested in that office. The president works for the people, not the people for the president. And if you listen to the way he describes himself and what he's going to do, he's going to single handedly do this and do that without regard for whether it's legal or not.


Look, I, I think people are gonna have to make up their mind. I can tell you this, no matter what happens in this election for years to come, there are many people on the right in the media and voters at large that are gonna be having to explain and justify how they fell into this trap of supporting Donald Trump, because this is not gonna end well one way or the other. He's gonna be the nominee and he's going to lose, or he'll have thrown this party into its most chaotic and divisive period ever. And that's unfortunate because the Republican Party is the home of the limited government free enterprise movement in America. And, and if it crumbles or divides or it splits apart, it'll be very difficult to elect candidates that hold those views at any level of government until we can bring the party back together.


Remember during the debate where Marco Rubio said that if Donald Trump didn't inherit hundreds of millions of dollars, he'd be selling watches in Manhattan. Well, Rubio was actually prion 'cause Trump is currently selling watches in Manhattan, made in China to grift off of his followers. Play this clip. This is what We're gonna have. Here's the guy that inherited $200 million. If he hadn't inherited $200 million. You Know where Donald Trump be right now? No, no selling watches in Manhattan. I pause, I applaud. Ill I took. And here's another montage of Marco Rubio referring to Donald Trump as a con artist. Play this clip. Five days ago, we began to explain to the American people that Donald Trump is a con artist.


The party of Lincoln and Reagan and the presidency of the United States will never be held by a con artist. Friends. Do not let friends vote for con artists and friends. Don't let friends vote for con Artists. I can just tell you that a con artist is about take, take over the Republican party and the conservative movement, and we have to put a stop to it. There is no way we are going to allow a con artist to take over the conservative movement. And Donald Trump is a con artist. One more clip of that here, let's play it. I bet you, you all know you all have friends. You all have friends that are thinking about voting for Donald Trump friends. Do not let friends vote for con


artists. As a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a nostalgically delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are like crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite. Before and after gym snack. Every serving of Magic Spoon cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carbs. So you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way. To get 11 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, Magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have won every morning to start the day off on the rife foot, and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order at Magic Spoon dot com slash midas, or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's Magic Spoon dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off Magic Spoon. Hold on to the dream. Magic Spoon dot com slash midas


should be noticed. Our should be noted. Our editorial team uncovered this old video that Donald Trump made about Marco Rubio referring to him as corrupt Marco Corrupt Marco Rubio. Here's that video. Let's play it. Corrupt. Marco Rubio has spent years defrauding the people of Florida as a legislator. He flipped on a key vote after making a quick 200,000 from selling his house to the mother of the Bill's lobbyist. He used the Republican Party's credit card to pave his driveway and delivered up in Las Vegas. And when he got caught, he said he had used the wrong credit card, but he had used the same Republican party card for six flights between Miami and Tallahassee, then billed the state for the same airline tickets and pocketed the cash until once again.


He got caught on top of it all. Rubio's been a total no-show in the US Senate with the worst voting record of all. Marco Rubio, another corrupt all talk. No action politician. I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. I mentioned at the outset, Trump's national security advisor, Mike Walls, was the counter-terrorism advisor to Dick Cheney and thought the United States should stay in Afghanistan forever. And this 2017 clip, Donald Trump's now National Security Advisor, suggested that the war in Afghanistan would and should be multi-generational.


But sure, keep pretending Trump wants to be the anti-war candidate here, play this clip. He said, until you're prepared to commit your grandchildren, not your children, but your grandchildren to stand shoulder to shoulder with my grandchildren and fight Islamic extremism, then you will never be successful here. So are we 15 years in? Yes. Are we in for a lot more fighting? And we do. We need a long-term strategy to undermine the ideology of Islamic extremism just like we did fascism and just like we did communism. Yes, we do.


And you know, Gordon, I think we're in for a long haul, and I think our nation's leadership needs to begin telling the American people, I'm sorry, we don't have AdChoices. We are 15 years into what is going to be a multi-generational war because we're talking about defeating an idea. It's easy to bomb a tank, very difficult to defeat an idea. And that's exactly what we have to do Possible. And just to show you JD Vance's views on Donald Trump, I'm sure you know him by now, but just to show you who surrounding Donald Trump, this is JD Vance right here, here at play, this clip. And so one of the takeaways is not just that the Republican party base is somehow fundamentally flawed in a way that's unique in in American political history, it's that Trump is a really bad candidate and frankly, I think a really bad person.


So we will keep you updated as Donald Trump makes more of these appointments. It should also be, note, I did a whole other video on this, Donald Trump's broken promise that he was going to end the war in Ukraine. He said in 24 hours he was gonna stop Russia's unlawful invasion. He said, I'm gonna call Putin and then I'm gonna call Zelensky. I'm gonna say you do this, you do that, you do this, you do that. I did a whole other video of this. But in terms of foreign policy, thus far, Vladimir Putin has been mocking Donald Trump and humiliating him. Our press in America doesn't really wanna report on the facts they want to cover up for Donald Trump. But Putin's top presidential aid has been on the record saying that Donald Trump needs to pay up to Vladimir Putin for Russia, helping him win the election.


Literally, Putin's aid on record saying words to that effect. Putin's top eight, you got Putin having Russia's tv, put naked photos of Melania on their state run TV as the host laugh and mock the United States of America. You've got Vladimir Putin denying that he and Donald Trump even had any conversation where Donald Trump leaked to the Washington Post and others that he had a conversation where he told Putin, do not de do not escalate Putin, it's time for you to deescalate. Putin has escalated his war mongering in Ukraine, amassed more troops at the border, and actually seems poised to escalate things, not deescalate things because he knows how utterly weak Donald Trump is.


So there you have it, but look, you know, you have people like Marco Rubio who's been saying forever that he was going to solve all of these problems. I'm gonna solve it Boo Rubio. Alright, solve it. Trump like you, you're gonna post about it on social media. You're gonna meme about it. You're gonna, you're gonna do some, you're gonna do some angry memes and, and some all caps posts on, on Twitter and X, whoa. Or on your social media platform. 'cause that that's gonna scare dictators. I'm sure they get really scared of all caps. Not, not nothing makes a dictator more scared than some exclamation points. We'll keep reporting on it folks. I'm Ben Marcellus. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe.


Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.