
Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. You know one of the perks about having four kids that you know about is actually getting a direct line to the big man up north And this year he wants you to know the best gift that you can give someone is the gift of Mint Mobile S Unlimited Wireless for $15 a month. Now you don't even need to wrap it. Give it a try. At Mint Mobile dot com slash switch $45 Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited cement mobile.com for details.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


When you check out at the pharmacy. You see the journey from Idea to Medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip. Works wonders


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libs syn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


The stock market absolutely hates Donald Trump. His erratic behavior, his threats, the ridiculous cabinet picks. I mean, what? There were eight straight days where the Dow has been down. That hasn't happened since. Oh, wait a minute. When Trump was in office in 2018 and if it's the ninth straight day, what's that like since the 1970s? Great work, Donald. Even when Donald showed up at the New York Stock Exchange last week, he had his whole propaganda crew, his cabinet was there, all of the major indexes were down when Trump was there. I thought he said that he's got the golden touch.


Nope, he's got the mieres touch, not the Midas touch at all. Let's just take a look at what's going on here. So you can see for yourself, and this happens at a time where treasury 10 year yields may climb to 6% for the first time in more than two decades. As people like t Rowe Price and other financial analysts are saying that they expect the United States fiscal woes to accelerate and that Donald Trump's policies will keep inflation elevated. This comes at a time where the Wall Street Journal's main headline is, Americans are stockpiling to get ahead of tariffs.


Consumers are snapping up computer parts, vacuum LEAs, coffee and olive oil before the levies take effect. Folks, you realize you didn't have to do this to yourself. I mean, do you enjoy the pain? You wanna inflict pain? You didn't have to actually be this way, and so now you have to stockpile your toilet paper and all of these things because the prices are gonna go up. But wait a minute, I thought your whole central premise was that on day one with his accordion hands like a miracle, it was all gonna go away. Well, didn't he say that before? That was about COV. He said it again like a miracle.


He is gonna get the prices down and now he goes on meet the press and goes, oh, it's very hard. He tells Time Magazine very, very hard. Not sure I have the ability to do that. Remember he went to the New York Stock Exchange and he was given the softball of softball questions by propaganda bogus business host Jim Cramer. Should the American workers, Mr. President invest in the stock market? Should they be putting their money in the stock market? You're at the stock market. Clearly he wants you to say yes. Your entire campaign was, even though Biden's Stock Market 60% better than your first term that you were gonna miraculously what?


Make it even better than it was. Trump's response is, I don't know if workers should invest in the stock market. Huh? Trump goes on to say, well, what if there's a dip and then people lose their money? You're talking about a dip in losing their money. You're also telling Kristen, Kristen weer that you don't think you can get the prices down. You also don't have a healthcare plan, huh? I don't know what, maybe this should be what corporate media is focused on each and every single day. Dow heads for the ninth straight law. Stock futures fall as Fed meeting kicks off. Yeah, the Fed's looking at inflation and go, wait a minute, all of Donald Trump's threats to Mexico and Canada and the bricks block of Brazil and India and South Africa.


You know China, that's gonna make inflation high. We can't lower interest rates if inflation's gonna keep on rising. Just think about that. Let's just take a look at what t Rowe Price is saying about the treasury yields may climb to 6%. Here's what t Rowe says. They say the following treasury 10 year yields may climb to 6% for the first time in more than two decades. As US fiscal woes worsen and Trump's policies help keep inflation elevated, the benchmark yield May 1st reach 5% in the first quarter of 2025 before potentially climbing further.


Arif Hussein, chief Investment Officer, a fixed income wrote in his report, Hussein is doubling down on calls for higher yields, citing persistent US budget deficits as Trump cuts taxes during the second presidency, as well as potential tariffs and immigration policies that would sustain price pressures is a 6% 10 year treasury yield possible? Why not? But we can consider that when we move through 5% road, who say who helps the money manager oversee $187 billion? The transition period in US politics is an opportunity to position for increasing longer term treasury yields.


He says, so I told you the other Wall Street Journal headline, right? American stockpiling to get ahead of tariffs, consumers snapping up computer parts, vacuum cleaners, coffee and olive oil before the levies take effect. Tariff conscious consumers are stockpiling goods and rushing to upgrade old cars and appliances to get ahead of potential price increases. A quarter of Americans surveyed said it was a good time for major purchases as they expect prices to go up next year up from 10% a month prior and a record high according to the University of Michigan's monthly survey of consumers. And a third of the 2000 people surveyed recently by credit cards.com said they were buying more now because they feared tariffs.


Y'all voted for the guy to inflict suffering on you and you said you were voting for him for the opposite reason. Now you put him in charge and now you're saying that you're suffering and you're upset about that, and now you have to stockpile. C. Can someone please somehow make this make sense to me? But it's okay. Everybody guess what? 'cause Elon Musk, oh, he's gonna fix it. I'm being sarcastic. Elon Musk writes, there is a large graveyard filled with my enemies. I do not wish to add to it, but will if given no choice. Those who pick fights with me do so at their own peril, but maybe this is their lucky day.


What the hell is this? That's someone who's acting as a co-president right now just out there making threats like that each and every day. But guys, guess what everybody. Republicans are optimistic for 2025. To me, the biggest red flag is that Republicans are optimistic for 2025, where it seems prices are going to go up, it kind of tells you where things are going to be heading.


With big wireless providers, what you see is never what you get somewhere between the store and your first month's bill, the price you thought you were paying, it magically skyrockets. With Mint Mobile. You'll never have to worry about gotchas ever again. When Mint Mobile says $15 a month, when you purchase a three month plan, they mean it. Think about all the bad experiences you've had with mobile providers in the past. Complicated Bills, upcharges that you never thought were going to be there. Say bye-bye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you with premium wireless plans starting at 15 bucks a month, and all plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. So to get this new customer offer here at the Midas Touch Network and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash midas. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash midas. Make sure you spell it right. M-E-I-D-A-S. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash midas. $45 Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 GB on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. C Mint mobile's four detail.


Here's what the independent is writing about. Citing two different studies. Trump's mass deportation plan could hurt the country more than the Great Recession report says mass deportations could lead to a 7.4% drop in the GDP, meaning the US economy would not grow at all during Trump's second term. The report says, I don't know what is something that hurts more than a great recession. I don't know. Does it start with a D? Could it be a great depression? Is, is that the words that you're trying to say? Let's just take a look at some of these reports.


The American Immigration Council estimates that if the US deported 1 million people each year until the country no longer had an undocumented population, it could lead to a 4.2% to a 6.8% loss in GDP. To put this in context, the economy shrank by 4.3% during the Great Depression. Here's another one. Estimates from the Peterson Institute for International Economic showed an even grammar economic consequence. After analyzing how the deportation of 8.3 million undocumented immigrants would impact the US economy, the think tank found that the GDP would be 7.4% lower by 2028.


This 7.4% reduction in GDP over four years would likely mean that the US economy would not grow at all during the second term. Employment would also be 7% lower. By the end of Trump's term, the institute found and 44,000 US-born workers would lose their job. So if you wanna talk about specific industry sectors like construction, agriculture, healthcare, and hospitality, Trump's proposed, proposed mass deportations would remove up to 1.5 million workers from the construction industry, 225,000 from agriculture, 1 million from hospitality, 870,000 from manufacturing, and 461,000 from transportation warehousing.


Seriously? Seriously. So I wonder why Wall Street looks at this and goes, wait a minute. Things may be grim. But then why is it that they're saying all these things and trying to pump it up because they wanna pump it, they wanna dump it, they wanna tax shelter it. They want their tax cuts and they wanna keep us in this loop, have a Democratic administration fix it, but then blame the Democratic administration that fix it. Blame the firefighter for putting out the fire. Bring back in the arsonist, plunder, pillage, rinse, repeat.


That is the strategy of the oligarchy, and that's what we call out here on the Midas Touch Network. People are pissed, but direct your pissed ness in the right direction. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. We appreciate you love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libson ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.