
Parents of tweens, if you're familiar with far off drop-offs, Dad, stop, stop, stop Right here. Or get DMS about what's for dinner. You may be experiencing tween milestones for your son or daughter. These can start at age nine HPV vaccination, A type of cancer prevention against certain HPV related Cancers can start then too for Most HPV clears on its own. But for those who don't clear the virus, it can cause certain cancers later in life. Embrace This phase. Help protect them in the next, ask Their doctor today about HPV Vaccination, brought to you by Merck.


Hey guys. I found the only gift that Dad wants. This Father's Day GoldBelly GoldBelly ships the most iconic foods from the best restaurants across the country, straight to his door for free. Let him relax and enjoy award-winning barbecue from Texas Epic deep dish pizza from Chicago or colossal pastrami sandwiches from New York. Make dad feel like an absolute legend this Father's Day. And go to goldbelly.com to get 20% off your first order with promo code. Dad, that's goldbelly.com code Dad.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


You had people walking out of Donald Trump's disastrous speech in Pittsburgh early while he basically lied about everything to steel workers for US Steel, who were about to have their lives ruined by Donald Trump, and they don't even fully realize it. Yet you have physical altercations breaking out in the White House with Treasury Secretary Scott Besant, getting into a physical fight with Elon Musk. You have Elon Musk showing up in the Oval Office for some bizarre press conference with a black eye on the heels of a New York Times story saying he would consistently abuse ketamine and mushrooms while he was destroying the federal government and destroying your life.


You had Elon Musk looking like he was in some condition that clearly looked very impaired. And again, this is the person destroying your life and your family's life. You have Donald Trump saying that he's now imposing a 50% across the board tariff on steel into the United States, which will cost tens of thousands of jobs here in the United States. Hundreds of thousands, possibly as a lot of our manufacturers domestically buy steel as a component part for the things that they're building. Also, it should be noted that Donald Trump, when he would build buildings or when he would slop his name onto buildings, he would frequently use Chinese steel, which he called shoddy today.


But that's the type of steel that he would use. And you have Donald Trump getting mocked internationally as the international community calls him a taco. Should we do a choose your own adventure? Where do you want to start? Okay, why don't we start quickly in India where Donald Trump is getting mocked as a taco, Trump always chickens out. This is, I'm only gonna show you like 10 seconds of it, but this goes on for like three minutes for, here's Donald Trump being called the Taco on India tv. Play this clip.


Oh, isn't that night chicken out? I've never heard that. All right, let's take a look at Elon's condition with a black eye and looking like he's under the influence of something in the Oval Office. Let's just play this clip of Elon. Let's play it. Our country's given $5 billion plus to Harvard over a short period of time. Case it's a case we win. We can't lose that case. 'cause we have the right to make grants. We're not gonna make any grants like that. Very nice. I think Columbia wants to get to the bottom of the problem. They've acted very well. And there are other institutions too.


They're acting, but Harvard's trying to be a big shot and Yeah, that's bad. It's embarrassing to our nation. I mean, Elon's done so much to embarrass himself already, but the fact that that's an individual who destroyed our federal government, killed likely hundreds of thousands of people based on the cuts that were made at U-S-A-I-D and other things, really just an unforgivable, putrid human being. And of course, the putrid human being next to him. Donald Trump was giving that speech that I talked about at the outset of this video, this disastrous speech at US Steel. Now Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans are claiming that neon steel is not acquiring US Steel.


That it's some partnership or some investment. It's just more lies. Show me the deal because the deal I'm aware of from 2024 was a deal whereby Nissan Steel acquires buys, purchases US steel, and that's why allegedly Trump was against it. Why former President Biden rejected it. But here's Donald Trump lying and saying that he also cut the deficit in half already, that he's cut the deficit in half. Play this Clip last month. We also cut the trade deficit in half, and that's the story of today. They can't believe it. The numbers just came. We, we cut before we even get started, actually, we cut it in half the, In fact, Donald Trump has added to the deficit.


The deficit has increased under Donald Trump. Federal spending has increased under Donald Trump and Elon Musk. It's worse. And then when you factor in what's gonna happen with this disastrous budget bill, it's going to add trillions and trillions to the deficit and really destroy America's long-term potential. Speaking about destroying America's long-term potential, just I'll give you a, a brief primer in some individuals who are immigrants who are now leading top American corporations who studied in the United States, Nvidia, C-E-O-A-M-D-C-E-O, Intel, CEO, Broadcom, CEO alphabet, CEO, Microsoft, CEO are all Asian immigrants who have contributed to the United States and under Donald Trump's policies, people like that will be blocked.


So I think the American people are getting it. You know, I think with all of this corporate news BS that's out there, you still have in the generic poll by Atlas Intel, and they were the most reliable pollsters in the past election. Atlas Intel was in a generic ballot poll, and this is an a plus poll. They have Democrats up by nine 51% to 42% Democrats in the lead. And if you think about, you know, just even, you know, politics is a game of addition, not subtraction. You know, just think about the ultimate betrayal that happened at the end of last week, right?


Where the Supreme Court at Donald Trump's request removed additional temporary protected status from 500,000 Cubans, Venezuelans and Haitians. This is on top of the prior Supreme Court ruling, getting rid of temporary protective status for just the Venezuelans. And you all remember the Cubans for Trump, the Venezuelans for Trump, and they said, Donald Trump's never gonna go after us. He's only gonna go after criminals. He's not going to revoke our parole status or temporary protected status that former President Biden gave them. Well, y'all attacked former President Biden, who gave you the parole status, the temporary protective status to be here, to have thriving lives in the United States.


And Donald Trump took it away. So I don't know what other issues are on your list of issues that are important. I'm just saying, on the one hand, Biden allowed you to live here and live successful lives, pay taxes, have a job, become a contributing member to the United States of America. And maybe one day a citizen, Donald Trump just ripped that from you and he wants to send you back to Castro. He wants to send you back to a Maduro. That's what's really going on. I'll share this with you also to kind of show you the ultimate weakness of Donald Trump. Here he is right here at various times talking about when it comes to Putin, two weeks, you know, what was it, March, April, may.


I just need two more weeks. Gimme two more weeks, everybody. So utterly pathetic here. Play that clip. You trust President Putin, you know, in about two weeks, is Ukraine Giving enough to get this, to get This piece? I'd rather tell you, in about two weeks from now, Keep saying two weeks about President Putin. What is two weeks? Give us what is the actual date? What is the timeline? Well, two weeks. Two Weeks or less. And if it's A little more at the time, I say, but you know, they're losing a lot of people. You see those little dates up at the top. April 27th, May 19th. Today is May 28th. So two weeks, two weeks, two weeks now. We're still two weeks away. And then finally, you know, I'll show you this one other portion of, of Donald Trump's press conference with Elon Musk, which is, again, it's, it's just so utterly pathetic and it's so beneath contempt, but let me just show it to you.


He's been able to find it $8 million for making mice transgender. So they spend $8 million on making mice transgender. And those are better than many of the others. I could sit here all day and read things just like that, but we have other things to do. So it's much, So, I, I'm gonna do check in throughout the day on the YouTube channel. I'm gonna do another video soon on Focus just on India, how they're furious at Donald Trump still, and probably forever. I'm gonna do a video on world leaders with their responses. I'm gonna do a video. I'm gonna sh I'm gonna, I'm gonna really expose Donald Trump's history of using Chinese steel over American steel and how he's gonna really screw over those workers, especially union workers who work at Steel plans.


So keep checking back in throughout the day and we've got a lot of good videos coming up. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.