
If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks with over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations


With Donald Trump and Elon Musk's Wrecking ball to our federal government. Let me ask you this question. If you were to call the Social Security Administration to try to get a disability application process, how long do you think it will take? Well, our friend Sandy Bcha, she's an incredible photographer and investigative journalist, tried the answer may or may not surprise you, but let me get to the punchline. It's 200 to 230 days. So when they say, oh, we're not going to touch Social Security, they already have previously the wait times.


Were about 28 minutes in 2024. Now 200 to 230 days. Listen for yourself. If you are calling about the status of a disability application due to staffing reduction, our average processing time for disability applications is between 200 to 230 days to review your information and medical records after our review, you will get a letter in the mail with the decision to ensure quality. Your call may be monitored or recorded at the conclusion of your call. We would like you to participate in a short survey and tell us about your experience. If you would like to participate in the survey, please stay on the line after the agent hangs up.


An alternative way to provide feedback is by completing our survey at ssa.gov/feedback. The estimated hold time is greater than 120 minutes. Just so you can take a look at the prior processing times over here, you can see right here in seconds the prior processing times, but this should not come as a shock. Donald Trump and Elon Musk are indeed targeting Social security. This is top of their mind. We know that the Social Security Administration could cut up to 50% of its workforce laying off more than 7,000 people shutting down offices.


Big social security offices in red states in places like Alabama have been shut down. The physical office locations have Elon Musk went on the Joe Rogan podcast and said that social security is one big massive Ponzi scheme. In other words, calling the whole thing a fraud. And then Donald Trump at the joint address to Congress last night said that he and Elon Musk have found probable fraud in social security. That's his language. And I want you to take note that Elon Musk, by calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme, is already calling the whole thing a fraud.


Do you see what they're doing here? So here's Donald Trump from the State of the Union saying they found fraud in the Social Security Administration. Play this clip Identifying shocking levels of incompetence and probable fraud in the Social Security program for our seniors, and that our seniors and people that we love rely on, believe it or not, government. Well, If you found it, then where are the arrests? Where are the Doge arrests? Where are the people with all of this fraud you claim you are finding, which would be a crime? Where is it? The answer is that they're making this up to gut social security as we posted, when's this post, October 29th, 2024 on the Midas Touch account, we were trying to warn everybody.


Elon Musk admits that his plan and Trump's plan will be to collapse. The US economy says it's necessary for everyday Americans to experience temporary hardship. And as the anonymous account posted yesterday, they literally told you they were going to crash the economy and now they are doing it. I'll show you right here. This was Elon Musk on the Joe Rogan podcast where he says, you could hear for yourself, he calls Social security the biggest Ponzi scheme of all times. You play this clip. Well, I mean the government's won big permit scheme If you ask me. Yeah, well you you could tell. I mean, I mean, social security is, is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time, right?


Explain that. Oh, so well, people pay into social security and, and the money goes out of Social security immediately. But the obligation for social security is your entire retirement career. So you're, you're paying with your, the ki you're, you're paying like, like If you look at the future obligations of social security, it far exceeds the the tax revenue far. If you have, If you ever looked at the, the, the debt, the debt clock, yes. Okay. There's, there's, there's our present day debt, but then there's our future obligations. So when you look at the future obligations of social security, the actual national debt is like double what, what people think it is because of the future obligations.


Ah, So basically people are living way longer than expected and there are fewer babies being born. So you have more people who are retired and get that, that live for a long time and get re re retirement payments. So the future obligation. So how, however, however bad the financial situation is right now for the federal government, it'll be much worse in the future. Now rewinding as well. Donald Trump was asked during a, the, the first cabinet meeting that he held that Elon Musk was in attendance, can you guarantee that Medicare, medicaid and social security will not be touched?


And you can hear what his answer is right here for them. I think we should get it back. Mr. President, President spending bill that passed last night aims to cut $2 trillion, right? Can you guarantee that Medicare, medicaid, social security will not be touched? Yeah, I, I mean I have said it so many times, you shouldn't be asking me that question. Okay? This will not be read my lips. It won't be read my lips anymore. We're not gonna touch it. Now. We are gonna look for fraud. I'm sure you're okay with that. Like, people that shouldn't be on people that are illegal aliens and others criminals in many cases, and that's with social security. We have a lot of people. You see that immediately when you see people that are 200 years old that are being sent checks for social security.


Some of them are actually being sent checks. So we're tracing that down and I have a feeling that Pam is gonna do a very good job with that. But you have a lot of fraud, But it's okay.


Real talk. Does anyone else feel like diet culture is just too much one day, it's carbs are evil. The next it's eat only protein and somehow they all claim to be the magic solution. I just want to eat in a way that feels good and makes sense for my life. And that's why I'm excited to partner with Faye because they actually make this whole nutrition thing. Make sense? Could your relationship with food is an upgrade? Faye is a revolutionary platform that connects you with your own personal registered dietician, making expert nutrition guidance, accessible and affordable. So whether you're looking for help losing weight, improving your general health, or managing a health condition, Faye has a dietician that's right for you. And the best part, all dieticians on Faye except insurance, with over 700 plus insurance plans accepted. So you'll likely pay $0 out of pocket. I tried Faye last week and it was the best. I got a quick appointment with a dietician right near me, by the way, and my insurance covered the entire thing. Are you tired of one size fits all nutrition advice? Well, fa dietician work one-on-one with you to create a plan based on clinically proven methods. So you build lasting positive benefits and it works. 93% to fake clients report an improved relationship with food and 85% reach their target weight. And meeting with a dietician is so simple. Dieticians of Faye offer both virtual and in-person sessions so you can customize your experience to whatever is most convenient for you. I'm so proud to have Faye as a sponsor because I think this will really improve people's lives, achieve lasting results with the help of a registered dietician through Fay. Listeners of Midas Touch can qualify to see a registered dietician for as little as $0 by visiting fay nutrition.com/midas. That's fay nutrition.com/midas one last time. That's Fay nutrition, FAY nutrition.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And make sure you use that L so they know that I sent you.


Here's maga, Mike Johnson from the past weekend where he said Elon Musk's team has their algorithms crawling. This is his language, crawling through the social security to find fraud, waste, and abuse. I don't know how about a 230 day wait time to get your disability application process. Maybe that's fraud, waste and abuse. But, but what do I know here play this clip. So you say there won't be any cuts to entitlements, but on Friday, Elon Musk, who President Trump has of course put in charge of making cuts all across the government called Social Security quote, the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time.


Mr. Speaker, is that a sign that Social security is Elon Musk's next target? No. Well, I've met with Elon about this multiple times. We, we meet late into the night in his office and we've looked at that. What he's finding with his algorithms crawling through the data of Social Security system is enormous amounts of fraud, waste, and abuse. So it's A target we need to target. It is A target. We need to target that the American people want us to. No, no, Kristen, do not, don't, don't, don't put words in my mouth. What I am saying is we have a moral responsibility to ensure that those programs are conducted in a, in a way that does not allow for this, this massive fraud and, and abuse.


And that's what he is finding. He's finding And notice that language that they use over and over again. Here's Howard Lutnick, Donald Trump's Commerce Secretary, another billionaire. It's all these billionaires who want to gut social security. Here he goes is we're not going to cut one penny from someone who deserves it. So the threshold is, does Trump think you deserve it? And If you deserve it, then maybe you get it. Well, everybody deserves it. Who's paid into the system? This is Trump's commerce secretary. You can hear him. Say it for yourself. Play this clip by The greatest country on earth. We will not cut one penny from someone who deserves Social Security, someone who deserves Medicare.


But let me tell you all that crap of waste and fraud and abuse that's outta here. We're gonna balance this budget. We're gonna drive interest rates down and we're gonna make the greatest America great again. I wanna give you other data points as well. The former Social Security head stepped down over Doge accessing the private social security data. Remember when we reported on that? And here, CNN reported on that February 17th, 2025, the Social Security Administration's acting Commissioner stepped down from her role at the agency over the Department of Government efficiency, requesting access to social security recipient information.


According to two people familiar with the officials departure who were not authorized to discuss the matter. Acting Commissioner Michelle King's departure from the agency over the weekend after more than 30 years of service, she worked for, it was initiated after King refused to provide Doge staffers at the Social Security Administration with access to sensitive information that people said. So they probably have access to your sensitive information and your data right now. And while all of this is happening, while Trump's crashing the markets, you know, here was the, this is the type of stuff they're talking about on foxes. Aaron Rupert says, here's the view from Pyon Yang.


It's basically North Korea at this point here, play this clip In the short run. Trade actions might cause one time temporary minor price increases, but not long run inflation. The president's doing his best to reform the broken world trading system and defend American interests. And here's Alina Haas saying that, you know, even veterans don't deserve their jobs, that they're not working hard enough. Play this clip president. Starting to think about maybe some of those veterans who worked for the federal government and maybe what the administration can do to at least help salvage their lives. Well, as you know, we care about veterans tremendously. I I mean that's something the president has always cared about.


Anybody in blue, anybody that serves this country. But at the same time, we have taxpayer dollars. We have a fiscal responsibility to use taxpayer dollars to pay people that actually work. That doesn't mean that we forget our veterans by any means. We are going to care for them in the right way, but perhaps they're not fit to have a job at this moment or not willing to come to work. And we can't, you know, I wouldn't take money from you and pay somebody and say sorry. You know, they, they're not gonna come to work. It's just not acceptable. Now I just want to give you a bit of a flashback to one of the things that former President Biden did at the end of his presidency here. He was cracking jokes to sign the Social Security Fairness Act, which actually boosted payments for current and former public employees affecting nearly 3 million people who receive pensions from their time as teachers, firefighters, police officers, and other per public service jobs.


Here play this clip. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. I know in about 20 years I'll become a senior as hell turning 40. You know, God bless you all. Betty, thanks for introduction for all the work you've done for retired Americans. It makes a gigantic difference. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And by the way, If you excused me to say the used to say the Senate, a point of personal privilege, she gave me a handwritten poem from her husband who wrote to me saying, I look like I'm 20.


Oh, thank him very well. I'll give him a call. Thank you. Here. Former President Biden makes comments during the signing of the Social Security Fairness Act about Americans who have worked hard all their lives and earned an honest living should be able to retire with dignity. Here play this clip. Americans who have worked hard all their lives to earn an honest living should be able to retire with economic security and dignity. That's the entire purpose of the social security system crafted by Franklin Roosevelt nearly 90 years ago. Social security is the bedrock of financial security for retirees and survivors and for millions of Americans with disabilities. But we've all heard of stories like the one that Betty shared today.


Public sector employees, teachers, nurses, maintenance workers, and more. Many working second jobs beyond their public service. Often just because they needed to make ends meet the law that existed, denied millions of Americans access to the full social security benefits they earned by thousands of dollars a year. That denial of benefits also applied to surviving spouses of public service employees. Benefits cut that cost them security and a little bit of dignity. And so you see the difference right there as well. I wanted to show you those clips because with former President Biden, it was about protecting rights, actually making things more efficient, reducing the wait times on calls.


And with Trump and Doge and Elon Musk, it's about taking a wrecking ball to it. Let me just show you this other, this finally, this moment right here where Donald Trump in that joint address last night said that, you know, the, the age of unelected bureaucrats going through your stuff has ended. Here We are draining the swamp. It's very simple. And the days of rule by unelected bureaucrats are over. Yeah, I mean, how, how do they even say that with a straight face? When Elon Musk has gone through your social security data, your medical records, your tax information, and Trump and he and everyone, their, their, these Republicans are crashing the economy.


It's despicable. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.