
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


A very bumpy landing As Donald Trump headed back to Washington DC from his vacation in Mar-a-Lago, the headlines were, as such, white House officials are quietly freaking out about Trump's upcoming Liberation Day tariff announcement. Trump says he's gonna tariff the entire world on April 2nd. This has caused our markets here in the United States to crash now on this descent into Washington DC on Air Force one, Donald Trump was asked about stagflation. That means very low GDP, and it also means surging inflation. Donald Trump says he's never really heard that term.


Stagflation, Play this clip. Now, is that something that you're worried about given the impact of your efforts to readjust the economy? I haven't heard that term in years. I don't know anything about it. This country is going to be more successful than it ever was. It's gonna boom. We're gonna, we're gonna have boom down USA, we're gonna boom. And then on Air Force one last night, Donald Trump, again started attacking Canada saying, we don't need Canada. We don't need anything from them at all. Attacking the sovereignty of Canada. Once again, here, Play this clip Road. We wanna bring, we have our own lumber, we have our own energy.


We don't need energy from Canada. We don't need lumber from Canada. We don't need anything from Canada. We don't need cars from Canada, as an example. So we are going to, I Think we're gonna have, I call it the Golden Age of America. I believe this will be the golden Age of America. Thank you very much there. Your first Canada. Have you decided on your first foreign trip? Now take a look at this chart right here from the Kyiv Insider reposted by Carl Canan. While the United States is spiraling into Trump induced chaos and our markets are crashing here in the United States, European equity markets are now outperforming the US markets by a record margin.


Also, as I mentioned before, over the weekend, you have the Atlanta Federal Reserve. Once again, predicting negative 2.8% GDP in quarter one, a 2.8% contraction. Now even Goldman's prediction went from 1.8% GDP Q1, 2.2%. That's likely going to be a negative territory very soon as well. Also, last night, the futures market for the Dow, NASDAQ and s and p started to absolutely crash from this Trump induced chaos. Donald Trump on Air Force One was asked about what he thinks about all of this, and Trump said, the United States is respected again.


We've done it. This is a great success. He says, here, Play this clip, Respected as a country again, and was strongly respected and people were amazed. They, I was with some very important people today, and they said that they've never seen a turnaround of the country as fast as this. Then Donald Trump continues to talk about how he wants to have a third term as a dictator. He says there are many ways to do it, but he says, everybody's telling him that he's the greatest there is, that this is the greatest presidency in history, And that he needs to be a third term president, even though the Constitution doesn't allow it. In other words, Donald Trump's saying that he's going to try to continue to seize power and rule like a dictator while destroying the United States of America.


Play this clip. You said you were not joking about a third term, about possibly wanting a third term. Does that mean you're not planning to leave office on January 20? I'm not looking at that, but I'll tell you, I have had more people ask me DA third term, which is, in a way it's fourth term because the other election, the 2020 election was totally rigged. So it's actually sort of a fourth term in a certain way. I just don't want the credit for the second because Biden was so bad. He did such a bad job. And I Think that's one of the reasons that a popular, if you wanna know the truth, I Think I'm popular because we've done a great job. I Think we've had the best almost a hundred days of any president. Look, anybody who is supportive of this, all of the people in his inner circle are beneath redemption at this point, frankly, before this point as well.


But these people are enabling some of the biggest travesties, the biggest stains in the history of our country. This is horrific, horrific behavior. Donald Trump is asked by a reporter on Air Force one about the tariffs 'cause the reporter is trying, is like being fed lines by others in the Trump regime to talk about, oh, so we hear you're only gonna tariff 10 to 15 countries. Is that true? To which Donald Trump says, no, that's not true. I'm taring the world. The entire world has treated us badly. Then he calls out Asia and Europe and basically everywhere and says, the entire world has treated us horrifically.


The whole world gets tariffed. Play this clip On the, on the tariffs that you're planning. So there are, you're expecting to hit something like 10 to 15 countries. Is that right? No, no. All countries. All of the countries. Is it across the Board? Not 10, I dunno who told you? 10 or 15 countries. I Heard that. So we heard that you were gonna aim for the Percent, but you didn't hear it from me. Okay, So how many countries will be in that initial trench? Let's, You'd, you'd start with all countries. So let's see what happens. There are many countries On the Russian, I haven't heard a rumor about 15 countries, 10 or 15. So You're starting with all countries. Well, essentially all of the countries that we're talking about would be talking about all countries.


It's not a cutoff. And if you look at the history and you look at what's happened to us, you go to certain places, go to Asia, and you take a look at every single country in Asia, what they've done to the United States in trade. And by the way, in military in a certain way, you look at, you take a look at trade with Asia, and I wouldn't say anybody is treated as fairly or nicely, and but we are gonna treat them. We're gonna be much more generous to them in terms of heart. We're gonna be much more generous than they were to us. You said that, And as I mentioned before, the NASDAQ futures, all of the futures markets are absolutely crashing as of last night.


It's going to be a shellacking in the market as well. But what were they talking about on the propaganda state regime Network known as Foxwell. Lara Trump was asking the interior secretary Doug Bergham about whether or not their intention is to make sure that Donald Trump's face goes on Mount Rushmore. I know. Absolutely pathetic. Let's play it here Is in charge of the National Park Service. The National Park Service is in charge of Mount Rushmore. A lot of people wonder, will we ever see President Trump's face on Mount Rushmore? What do you think? Well, they, they certainly have room for it there. They just signed the order last week on July 3rd, 2026.


We're gonna have fireworks at Mount Rushmore, and we've got a lot of amazing USA two 50 events planned from across the, across the country with A last night Elon Musk trying to buy votes in Wisconsin for the Supreme Court race scheduled for April 1st between a Maga Doge candidate named Brad Shimel, who Trump and Musk want so that Wisconsin can be destroyed like the federal government. They want to inflict disaster and misery, even more misery on the people of Wisconsin. Brad Shimmel, Mr. Doge, Mr. Misery, Mr. Disaster. On the other hand, there's the pro-democracy candidate Judge Susan Crawford Law and Order.


Good lifelong judge prosecutor. She's the pro-democracy candidate. There were protests outside of Green Bay where Elon Musk was speaking last night, and he was like, giving people a hundred dollars or these million dollar checks, which are high. These suspect would be giving, would be doing an understatement. Here were the protests outside of Musk's speech. Play this clip. Hey, hey. Oh, whoa, Elon Musk has gotta go. Yay. Hey, Elon Musk has gotta go. Hey, Elon Musk. Now, Elon Musk during his speech, talked about how he wants to abolish the Federal Reserve, and he says, there are 20,000 people working in the Federal Reserve.


Those people need to go here, Play this clip. Second Of all, my question is, what is your opinion on the Federal Reserve, and do you have any intentions of doing anything with Them and the Fed? Oh, yeah. I don't know. I I always wanted to say that, you know, but, but I mean, I Think there's like 20,000 people that work at the Fed. Seems pretty high. In fact, there's a lot of people that work at the Fed on this. Seems like, why do we have so many people at this, at, at the Fed, and what do they do? And you know, sometimes I wonder which one would win, you know, the federal for, for interest rates, the, the federal, the, the Board of the Federal Reserve or a Magic Eight Ball.


Also, Elon Musk continues to attack Social security, and he said that there were 20 million dead people on Social security. This is false. This has been 100% debunked. By the way, Donald Trump's commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick, who refused to go on network news over this weekend to talk about Liberation Day. He was a chicken, he's a coward. He's hiding from Face the Nation and other media. You see him in the back right there in the, in the Air Force. One shots that I was showing you. But this is the guy who would go on all those blah, all those podcast bro stuff. And he would say, if you complain, and he would, he does it with his hand. He's like a hand motion.


It's like if you are complaining that you get your Social Security check late, then you are a fraud. The people who complain about not receiving their social security check, they're the ones who are committing fraud. Let's say Social Security didn't send out their checks this month. My mother-in-law, who's 94, she wouldn't call and complain. She just wouldn't. She thinks something got messed up and she'll get it next month. Yeah, a fraudster always makes the loudest noise, screaming, yelling, and Complaining. Mm. Also, we learned over the weekend a new A CLU filing shed light on how Andre, the gay makeup artist sent to ROT in the prison in El Salvador ended up being labeled Trend Deua by the fascist Trump regimes ICE documents filed by ICE Show.


The only evidence that they had is that he had a tattoo that said Mom and dad on it. You see right here, his tattoos here are the tattoos that ICE declared. Were evidence that Andre, a gay makeup artist who came to a port of injury seeking the asylum from Venezuela, was a member of the Vicious Gang Trend Day AR ua. The tattoos literally say Mom and dad. I previously reported over the weekend also that Donald Trump said that he could not care less if Prices surge. He said that he wants a third term to rule as a dictator. He says he's going to take over Greenland. That military force is an option. He's not afraid to use military force against our own NATO allies, Denmark and Greenland.


He said he doesn't know what Signal is as well, and he claims that he's not gonna fire anybody over the fact that classified information was sent on text messages. We're learning from a Wall Street Journal story last night as well that the Trump Department of Defense and National Security apparatus consistently as we predicted, not a big shocker, consistently had class discussions about war plans and classified information over unclassified channels like Signal and other text threads. That's where we're at right now. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Donald Trump his regime. Absolute disaster. Folks, we'll keep you posted every step of the way. Hit subscribe.


We need you to subscribe now. The resistance is gonna grow. The opposition is growing. Check out midas plus.com as well. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. Check out patreon.com/midas. Touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas. Touch. Subscribe on audio. Subscribe here to this YouTube channel. We need to grow together. Thanks for watching and have a great day. Can't Get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.