
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


If you used Babbel, you would Babel's conversation-based techniques teaches you useful words and phrases to get you speaking quickly about the things you actually talk about in the real world. With lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts and voiced by real native speakers, Bael is like having a private tutor in your pocket. Start speaking with Bael today. Get up to 55% off your Babbel subscription right now at bael.com/spotify. Spelled BA bbe.com/spotify rules and restrictions may apply.


This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, And you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself And ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Whoa. What I just showed you right there was from Wichita, Kansas, an area represented by a MA Republican Congress member to afraid to hold town halls. Americans are pissed at the Trump regime and the Trump SCO defense in the house and the Senate who are trying to push forward the disastrous murder bill that they refer to as a budget bill. Congress member, frost Democrat, was there leading this town hall in a ruby red Wichita, Kansas district. He goes, working people across the nation are pissed off about this rigged economy, and they're showing up.


Wichita's Congressman refuses to host a town hall. So we pulled up instead, Democrats going into Ruby red areas and speaking with the people about the rigged economy that MAGA Republicans are trying to give all these billionaires and deca millionaires all of the benefits. And I'll tell you what people are super pissed about. Here's what Donald Trump was posting throughout the evening and into the morning Israeli court postpones Netanyahu's corruption trial after Donald Trump calls for Netanyahu's case to be dismissed. So this is what Donald Trump is focused on right now. While Americans can't afford housing, while Americans are psychologically tortured because we live paycheck to paycheck as a disastrous murder, bill is working its way through the Senate that's about to take 15 to 16 million of us off of our healthcare plans.


We're gonna go back to the time before Obamacare and other essential services are going to be stripped away as our GDP is contracting. Oh, we do see Jeff Bezos and the millionaires and billionaires out there in Venice doing their foam parties and partying and living the high life. But I guess we have to take from working class and low income Americans so that what? So that Jeff Bezos and billionaires and deca millionaires can buy extra jets and yachts. That's what we mean when we say this economy is rigged and it's screwed up. And Donald Trump's out there posting about Benjamin Netanyahu's Israeli corruption trial in Israel where Netanyahu's the prime Minister, they're prosecuting him for crimes.


Okay? That's their view of it in his Israel. So Donald Trump extorts Israel and says, we will not give you weapons from the United States of America. If you continue to prosecute Netanyahu as a matter of life and death, as a matter of war powers. You need to stop charging Netanyahu and the court delayed the case. So that's what Donald Trump is focused on right now. Look, Elon Musk has been trashing Donald Trump again over the weekend. By the way, this weekend I did another video on the Epstein files because we are not going to forget about that here on the Midas Touch Network that Donald Trump wants to cover up that his name is all over the Epstein files. And I gave data and facts and evidence.


Go back and watch that video from Sunday, if you haven't seen it yet. Elon Musk was posting yesterday about the disastrous budget bill. The latest Senate draft bill will destroy millions of jobs in America and cause immense strategic harm to our country, utterly insane and destructive. It gives handouts to industries of the past while severely damaging industries of the future. Elon Musk then says, who, who is this bill helping? At the same time, this bill raises the debt ceiling by $5 trillion, the biggest increase in history putting America in the fast lane to debt slavery.


Elon Musk goes on to talk about how he reposts from Michael Thomas, who says, the US will need 450 gigawatts of new electricity generation by 2030 to meet rising demand from data centers, reshoring, et cetera. And the Senate is about to vote on a bill that could wipe out 500 gigawatts of potential energy generation capacity. Musk says this would be incredibly destructive to America. And Musk also says, polls show this bill is political suicide for the Republican Party in a massive strategic error. The national associate, the North American Building Trades Union, NAB two, they put out a statement about this disastrous bill and they say the revised Senate draft released over the weekend is a massive insult to working men and women of North America building trades unions and all construction workers.


This is not what they voted for. If enacted the stands to be the biggest job killing Bill in the history of this country, simply put it is the equivalent of terminating more than 1000 Keystone XL Pipeline projects. In some cases, it worsens the already harmful trajectory of the House pass language threatening an estimated 1.75 million construction jobs and over 3 billion work hours, which translates to $148 billion in lost annual wages and benefits. These are staggering and unfathomable job loss numbers and the bill throws yet another lifeline and competitive advantage to China in the race for global energy dominance.


Just talking a little bit more about international affairs, one of the things that was reported this weekend is that Iran is likely able to restart uranium enrichment in a matter of months because the strikes were not as effective as Donald Trump claimed. Shocker, the Washington Post. They seem to be able to report better when Jeff Bezos is distracted by his wedding overseas. They've actually did good reporting this weekend. Intercepted call of Iranian officials downplays damage of US attack the officials were heard saying Trump's strike on Iran proved less devastating than expected. The administration caused the intelligence insignificant.


Although our intelligence community has heard the Iranians privately when the us, they didn't know the US was eavesdropping, saying that the strikes were not as strong as expected. And we can see with new satellite images from Ford Doe, Fox reports, max Maxar reports activity near the bombed ventilation shafts. Maxar collect a new high resolution satellite imagery on June 29th that reveals ongoing activity at and near the ventilation shafts and holes caused by the last week airstrikes on the Forough Fuel enrichment complex in Iran. On today's imagery, an excavator and several personnel in Iran are positioned immediately next to the northern shaft of the ridge above the underground complex.


The crane appears to be operating at the entrance of the shaft hull. Several additional vehicles are also seen below the ridge and are parked along the access path that was built to access the site. So who does this benefit? A symbolic, performative strike that's not as successful as claimed by the United States using B Twos against Iran. Well, Donald Trump gets to distract from his horrible poll numbers and all of his domestic failures. And Trump can act tough as though he was involved in an 11 day or 12 day war. Netanyahu benefits because Donald Trump then calls for Netanyahu's criminal trial to be postponed in a matter of war powers.


So Netanyahu's criminal case now gets postponed. Iran benefits as Donald Trump now has encouraged China to buy cheap oil from Iran. Iran keeps its uranium, it's able to build nuclear weapons. Soon. Iran makes more money from China. It's now further embraced in the international community because the United States says we are done. And Iran can do. What it wants to do now is basically what Trump said, and ultimately Russia and Putin. Remember Putin said he wanted to mediate the dispute between Israel and Iran and the United States. Russia benefits massively because now Iran can keep supplying its Shah drones, which are the main weapon used by Russia against Ukraine.


Do you see how this all works? And if you don't think it all lines up the way I just told you, well, I've got a nice bill of some snake oil. I want to sell you. Donald Trump then held a disastrous interview on Sunday with Maria Bar Roma state regime, propagandist from Fox. And the way Donald Trump tries to describe what we're doing in this disastrous budget bill as it relates to energy. PO policy is a bunch of gibberish that literally makes no sense. And I'm not even saying it makes no sense in terms of policy, that's a given. He's not even speaking in complete sentences. He's just saying words.


Coal, windmills, mountains. I don't like the way solar looks here. Listen to what he says. Play this clip Opened up coal. We were closing all our coal mines all over the country, and yet we still have a lot of coal. We use the generating planes of coal because it's the strongest. And we're doing coal. So we have everything, every form. I don't want windmills destroying our place. I don't want nearly these solar things where they go from miles and they cover up a half a mountain that are ugly as hell. And by the way, the panels are all made and the windmills, they're all made in China. Okay? So now the MAGA Republicans in the house are basically saying that all Americans will die in a nuclear war if we don't pass Trump's disastrous bill because it will deprive us of getting the iron dome, which no, or the golden dome.


They're calling it the golden Dome to protect the homeland. No one knows what the hell he means by a golden dome, but okay, golden domes, everybody. Meanwhile, the Grand Ayatollah of Iran has issued a fois, which is considered a legal ruling on a point of law in Islam, calling for the assassination of Trump and Netanyahu and other senior officials in Israel referring to, referring to them as the enemies of God. But I thought you all told me that Iran was on its knees and surrendering and begging. They're doing fois right now. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is set to attend the opening of alligator Alcatraz.


This week in Florida, governor DeSantis of Florida is using a abandoned airport that's in the Everglades that's surrounded by swamp and alligator filled swamp land in the Everglades where they're throwing migrants into concentration camps. It is an alligator infested concentration camp that they're, this is real. They're calling it alligator. I'm not making this up. Alligator Alcatraz, where migrants by the thousands will be put into a concentration camp where if they try to get out, they will be eaten by alligators. That's where, that's what the United States government is working with Florida to do right now.


Great work to all of the Cubans for Trump and Venezuelans for Trump and Haitians, for Trump. Not as many Haitians for Trump as Cubans and Venezuelans in in Florida. Great work, great work. You now have went from having temporary protected status of family members and living thriving lives under former President Biden. You now got a worse version of Castro and Maduro. Who's throwing you on Alligator Alcatraz? Whoa. Good work. I think Ron Philip Kowski, our editor in chief, makes a great point here. A sad point, but it's with deep regret that I report that Russia was able to seize one of the biggest lithium deposit sites, rare earth minerals from Ukraine.


Remember Donald Trump and the regime, the Trump regime made a whole big deal about doing a rare earth mineral deal with Ukraine in exchange for the United States providing patriot missiles to Ukraine. Well, we ended up using about 20% of our missile stockpile in Israel to ultimately help Netanyahu apparently get off from his criminal prosecution. But when it comes to zelensky, we did not provide zelensky with the weapons that we were supposed to do in the deal. And as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says, we go through all this drama machinations posturing with Trump and Vance at the White House and Zelensky to get this big, big minerals deal done.


Remember that. Then as soon as the ink is dry, weak, dumbass Trump let's the Russians Ukraine's most valuable lithium deposits while withholding patriot batteries and missiles. Great work, idiot. Donald Trump should be noted as well. MAGA Republican senator Tom Tillis stated that he will not be running for reelection in North Carolina after Donald Trump demanded that he be primaried and likely Lara Trump will primary Tom Tillis in North Carolina. 'cause Tom Tillis voted against the disastrous budget Bill. I'm gonna do a whole video on Tom Tillis calling it quits. So watch every 90 minutes, come back every 90 minutes on the Midas Touch, YouTube, subscribe, turn the notifications on, let everybody, friends, family, anybody you know know about the Midas touch network.


We gotta get the truth out folks. So, but Tom Tillis, republican senator from North Carolina, so you don't have to believe me, believe Tom Tillis. He goes, I can't look at like the 700,000 constituents in my state, who I'm gonna kill, who are gonna die, who are gonna lose their Medicaid. If I vote for this, I can't vote for it. I can't kill my constituents, so I'm gonna vote against it. Trump says, Nope, we only want Republican senators who kill their constituents. And so Donald Trump wants Lara Trump, I think to, to take that part. But we will see, I mean, speaking of the Trump's, Melania Trump event is now being investigated after promising to donate proceeds to a charity that doesn't appear to exist.


A report says, I'll do a whole other take on this Melania situation. But she said there was some be best foundation where the money was gonna go to. There's no such thing that exists according to this report. So we, so he had another Trump charity thing that, that, that raises a lot of question marks. Let's just say. And perhaps even worse, what a grifting, scammy, despicable family that is indeed. But that's where we're at right now, folks, we'll keep you posted every step of the way. It's good to see those people in Wichita. Keep it up. Show up at those events. This is, this shouldn't be a red state, blue state, purple state, whatever.


I mean, this should just be about the government functioning for the people by the people, not by the bullies. For the billionaires, tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. We appreciate you so much. Midas mighty. Keep up the fight.


New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store@midastouch.com.