
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile unlimited premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 1515. 1515, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. 45 upfront for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slows full terms at mint mobile do com.


So on Tuesday, the Dow Jones set yet another record. So did the s and p 500. The Dow was up 742 points. That's up about 2%. Also on Tuesday, president Biden said that he was finalizing plans to endorse major changes to the Supreme Court in the coming weeks, which has been overcome by right wing extremism and rampant corruption. President Biden's proposals include proposing legislation to establish term limits for the justices and an enforceable ethics code. Also, president Biden is considering proposing a constitutional amendment to eliminate the absolute presidential immunity provided to Donald Trump by the United States Supreme Court's recent ruling.


So with all of that happening, what is Donald Trump doing? Well first, Donald Trump is trying to take credit for the booming stock market under President Biden. Donald Trump posted Dow Jones up 7 42 based on the fact that the market expects a Trump win in November. Nice compliment. Thank you. I mean, do you get any more pathetic than that? As we post it on the Midas Touch Network? Gonna say it's because the incoming Fed rate cuts, interest rate cuts, low inflation, better than expected consumer spending reports and the report that retail sales are booming. But it's good to see that Donald Trump is a fan of the Biden economy.


What else is Donald Trump posting? He's posting the following, the radical left Democrats are desperately trying to play the ref by calling for an illegal and unconstitutional attack on our sacred. He puts that in caps, United States Supreme Court. The reason that these communists are so despondent is that they're unlawful in leko. He spells that witch hunts are failing everywhere. The Democrats are attempting to interfere in the presidential election and destroy our justice system by attacking their political opponent. Me and our honorable Supreme Court.


We have to fight for our fair and independent courts and protect our country. MAGA 2024, nothing really independent when the justices you appoint overturn about 248 years involving the central premise of our country that no one is above the law. And the Supreme Court found that you should be entitled to absolute immunity to allow you to order Seal Team six to kill your political opponents and that you can get away with whatever you want. And also a federal judge you appointed in the Southern District of Florida named the Corrupt Judge, Eileen Cannon ruled that the special counsel is an unlawful position, and therefore dismissed a case in which you stole nuclear secrets and war plans and kept them in Mar-a-Lago.


But notably federal judge, Eileen Cannon was confining her ruling only to the case in the Southern District of Florida involving your crimes. But apparently when Republicans appoint special counsels to go after people like Hunter Biden, then that is a permissible use of a special counsel and it is authorized. But when it's against you, it is improper. Also, you have people at the Republican National Convention wearing on their ears like white post-its, or like white sheets on their ears so that they can show solidarity with Donald Trump.


That's kind of one step, I think slightly above where the Magar Republicans were quite literally wearing diapers at the various Trump rallies, by the way, fact check true by Snopes. But then of course you turn on your propaganda media and folks, doesn't this literally look like the types of propaganda media you see in Russia with Vladimir Putin or in North Korea with Kim Jong-Un, aren't we so much better than this? Does? Does the corporate media just think that we are stupid, that we, the people don't get it? Just take a look at this. Here on Fox, you have Maria Bar Roma attributing the massive economic boom and stock market boom to the fact that Donald Trump picked JD Vance as his VP pick.


Play the clip. Trump trade again today, Maria, watching some of these sectors and these stocks move has been absolutely fascinating. Wall Street is on this train. All right, we appreciate everybody joining us. He, and Then you have Larry Cud Law, who's been wrong on just about everything, who worked in the Trump administration, who now is a host on Fox Business, which is just more propaganda, says that the record highs in the stock market while they are responding to Trump's economic platform, he says that this is responding to the Republican National Convention. I mean, come on. How pathetic can you get here? Play the clue. But you cannot have Trump's Growthy platform without Trump.


And I think that's had a big impact on the stock market just in the last two days. It's up over a thousand points almost out of the blue. And so I think the, the God's gift that Senator Britt talked about, people of faith come to this easily. I think it's having a major impact. It ripples throughout the country. People are saying there's a sigh of relief. I mean, I think they're rooting for 'em completely different from what might have been 2, 3, 4 years ago. Yeah, you know, and Larry,


Hey Midas mighty. So a little while ago, we had the idea that we wanted to sell the best pro-democracy merchandise in the game for the Midas touch networking. Candidly, we had no idea where to even get started. That's why I'm so glad that we found Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million order stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star. We use Shopify at store dot midas touch.com, and it has completely revolutionized our business. It allows us to easily manage our shop, view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products you know and love without Shopify, and we can speak highly enough about it. Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us, and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds and Roth's and Brooklyn, and and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way. Like they were there for us here on the Midas Touch Network, because businesses that grow grow with Shopify, and we can attest to that. Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Midas, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash Midas to take your business to the next level today. Shopify dot com slash midas.


And By the way we shouldn't judge our economy just on the stock market. But corporate media shore did that when Donald Trump was in office every day. If the stock market was up, we would hear the economies booming because of Donald Trump, which it wasn't. Let's be very clear. The stock market under President Biden is double what it was under Donald Trump. Remember when Donald Trump said that if Biden was in office, the stock market was gonna crash here, play this clip. They said, boom, the stock market will, we're not gonna have time to talk about it. Boom. If I'm elected, if he's elected, the stock market will crash. Okay, 12 Seconds later. So this just happened during the commercial break. The Dow 30 broke 40,000 for the first time in history.


It hit 40000.56 and then retreated just a couple of points. We closed above 30,000, never closed above 40,000 before. And maybe it happens today, maybe it doesn't. We'll see a doubt closed above 30,000 for the first time in November 24th, 2020. That was only three and a half years ago. Dana, I can remember 10 years ago, 15 years ago, we're putting people on the air, talking about the books they've written about Dow 40,000. I thought they were nuts. And yet here it is today. And now when the stock market's booming, Donald Trump says it's because of him. I mean, it's just absolutely pathetic. But by the way, the stock market isn't how we should be judging our economy. We should be judging our economy also by our wages increasing.


Yes, they are. Do we have other economic metrics that are important? Low unemployment unemployment's been at its longest stretch, basically in American history. Is the GDP increasing? Yes. Our GDP is increasing at record highs because of actual policy that President Biden has engaged in, like the Inflation Reduction Act and the Infrastructure Act and the CHIPS Act and reducing healthcare costs and doing things like that. He's gotten inflation under control to meet the targets of the Fed and also don't let the media gaslight us.


Inflation didn't just pop up like some storm. The reason that there was inflation is because Donald Trump added record debt to the United. States trillion seven eight $9 trillion in debt was added by Donald Trump. Trump recklessly printed money and tried to print money as a way to get out of COVID. And then he totally mishandled the PPP program, prioritizing millionaires, deca millionaires and billionaires with benefits over regular people. That's why MAGA Republicans frequently were getting their debt forgiven under the PPP. But when you inject that much money into the economy like that so recklessly, that's the result.


When you give tax cuts for billionaires and aren't able to pay for it, that's the result. And By the way. Don't believe me. Why don't you believe a Republican here? This is a Republican talking about it here, play this clip. And I think you know who this is. Let's play it. And you know Who else is missing an action? Donald Trump is missing in action. He should be on this stage tonight. He owes it to you to defend his record where they added 7.8 trillion to the debt that set the stage for the inflation that we have now. Now, Compare that to President Biden's speech before the naacp. Here's what bright, here's what President Biden said, I know what a black job is. 'cause remember Donald Trump said that there are black jobs and he says there are black jobs and the immigrants are coming for the black jobs.


Black jobs. What are you talking about? When President Biden had to say, Well, I'm serious. Go figure from a guy who spread the birth as a lie against Barack Obama saying he wasn't born in America and he wasn't a US citizen. Of course, here's what he thinks of black jobs. I love his phrase, black jobs. He tells a lot about the man and about his character. Folks, I know what a black job is. It's a vice president of the United States.


I know what a black job is. The first black president air conditioning, Barack Obama. Here's what President Biden had to say about medical debt. Play the clip. We're gonna end medical debt. We've already made sure medical debt can no longer be put on a credit report. Well, I'm working with states to wipe out medical debt for pennies on the dollar so it's not hanging over you the rest of your life. We're Gonna, here's what President Biden had to say about the real statistics, not Trump's fraud. The real statistics about black unemployment hitting a record low under the Biden administration.


Play the clip. Covid no longer controls our lives. Our economy is not figuratively, literally the strongest economy in the world. Historic low black unemployment record growth of black small businesses. Let me say this again, because Trump is lying like hell about it. Black unemployment hit a record low under Biden Harris administration. The first bill I passed was good. $1,400 checks, plus $300 checks per child, per family, per month in the pockets of people in this country to get them through the pandemic, not Trump's administration.


Kamala and I did that. And here's President Biden talking about shootings that are taking mass shootings in the United States. Here play the clip. You understand if you're gonna talk about standing against violence, you must stand against all violence. You must stand against violence perpetrated against presidential candidates in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, or stand against all violence. The violence perpetrated against George Floyd to Minnesota against black veterans like police officers, Eugene Goodman on January 6th. And black election workers like Kby Freeman and Shane Laws in Atlanta.


They have to stand against the violence and intimidation of white supremacy. The murder innocent lives in that grocery store in Buffalo, New York. When I went up there, mother Emmanuel Church in Charleston, South Carolina, was standing against the violence of murder of children in Sandy Hook and Uvalde concert goers in Las Vegas. And this is on the street all across America that never make the news as Uvalde every day in the communities across the country. If you're gonna be outspoken on one, don't be silent on others.


We're gonna speak about violence, we're gonna speak about guns. More children in America die of a gunshot wound than any other reason. That's stunning And that is sick. And the sheer cowardness if we do nothing about it. So if you wanna stand against violence in America, then join me in getting these weapons of war off the streets of America. So you have that taking place. And on the other hand, you got MAGA leaders like Marjorie Taylor Green yelling at reporters at the RNC like this, here play this clip, The shoot happen.


Let's talk about people like you. What's your evidence of that? No, let's talk about people like you, but what's your evidence of demon? These claims demonize people like me, president Trump. You know, I have some of the most highest amount of death threats because of people like you. Because you choose to only take certain words from people, and then that's what you want to report. Shame on you. Shame on you because no, no, no, no, no, no. You're the, you're the problem. And where's this woman from The times you're from the times, okay? You're ridiculous. And you're the problem in our country. You lie about people like me. This is the first time you've ever talked to me. I want you to know I'm, I'm a regular person like you. I'm also a mom. I have three kids, and we have to put up with the most unreal amount of bullshit because of little liars like you that take your job and turn it into political activism.


Your job is the press. You should report the news. Not No, no, no. Not lie about you don't get to ask any more questions. I'm done with you. Okay? Because you're the cause. You're the the cause of our country, the Democrats. No, you're the cause of our country. Country being divided. You're the cause of our country being divided. You're the cause of President Trump almost being assassinated. You're the cause of everything wrong in America. Wasn't evidence based claims. No, no, you're done. You're done. Yeah. Go back. Go back. Thank you Jd. And then, by the way, you have Donald Trump sending unhinged emails like this. This was the email that Trump sent yesterday. Ben Ben Ben. I'll be looking for your response. My question for you, I'm pretty sure I know the answer now that JD Vance is my VP nominee.


Will you pledge to vote for us? And then Donald Trump goes, my plan for JD Vance. That's, that's the subject. My plan for JD Vance. JD Vance, I need you to stop the invasion at the southern border. Let's be clear, border crossings right now are down and are less than when Trump was in office. I need you to deport every illegal and make America safe again. One of the things Donald Trump says he will do on day one is he's gonna round up people who he believes are not here legally. Round them up and have the biggest mass deportation. Just want you to think about what that's going to look like as law enforcement starts knocking on your doors, searching for people on day one, it says, JD Vance, I need you to help rebuild our economy from Crooked Joe's destruction again, so much for the tones today, the, the the tone change and end inflation and make America wealthy again.


Or I mean, do you mean prioritize wealthy Americans in, because all I see is these billionaires saying that because of Trump's promise tax cuts, they're willing to sell out our democracy again. And President Biden has got inflation under control now, thanks to actually doing things and not waking up and whining every day with all caps posts like a little fricking child. And then he goes, JD Vance, I need you to help. And are you humiliation overseas? I need your help to make America strong again. America, NATO has never been stronger than it is right now. The 75th annual NATO conference, the anniversary of NATO was held here in the United.


States new members were welcomed into nato. Our reliances abroad have never been stronger. Do not want America that's has alliances with fricking Putin and Kim Jong-un. And if you think that's not what they're going to do, that's what they are saying. So we have a corporate media billionaire, deca millionaire class who are trying to sell us out. They're trying to sell you out. And I'm not trying to use hyperbolic rhetoric. That's what is happening. And the good news is, is that collectively, you, we, we've created this network together to call 'em out and expose 'em.


This is a mask off moment for what they are trying to do. And it's right before our eyes. We, the people want law and order. We, the people don't want the drama. We don't want the infantile, wannabe fascism. We don't want that. We want normalcy. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.