
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


Your burger is served and this is our finest Pepsi Zero sugar. It's sweet profile. Perfectly balanced is the savory notes of your burger. That is one perfect combination. Burgers deserve Pepsi Location.


The lab, Quentin only has 24 hours to sell his car. Is that even possible? He goes to carvana.com. What Is this? A movie trailer? He ignores the doubters, enters his license plate. Wow, that's a great offer. The car is sold, but will Carvana pick it up in time for it? They'll literally pick it up tomorrow morning. Done with the dramatics Car selling in record time. Save your time. Go to carvana.com and sell your car today. Pick up. These may apply.


The BA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts Of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Donald Trump and his regime are humiliated right now based on what went down, not just at the dictator parade, but the fallout as the United States and the entire world mocks the Trump regime. How awful and bad it was, how low energy, how sparsely attended. There was like no coordination and it seemed like the military members who attended did not want to be there. That's a theme though. I've been hearing a lot from a lot of our veteran supporters at the Midas Touch Network who were saying, Ben, if our soldiers wanted to show up and march in formation and meet the PO in circumstance of a situation, they would be able to do so.


So one of the things that I've been hearing is basically this could have been a subtle form of protest within the military against the Trump regime for using them as props for Donald Trump's dictator birthday parade. Co-opting the 250th anniversary of the United States Army. I mean, and you even saw people of the army like they were holding like drones over their head. The the whole thing almost looked like it was mocking Trump like, and by the way, it looked like Melania was mocking Trump. While Donald Trump was inconsolable me. I've never seen Melania look happier to see somebody suffering when Donald Trump was there right next to her.


So you have all of Donald Trump's s in his regime trying to pretend that hundreds of thousands of people showed up when it was like less than 10,000 people who attended. So you have the Department of Defense rapid response. They write, we were honored to host hundreds of thousands of proud Americans at the Army's 250th anniversary. America is the greatest country on earth, and they post either this photoshopped image that, that that's not what it looked like yesterday. Go back and watch all of the videos I did. I did it from every single angle. There was not 250,000 people there. There were not hundreds of thousands of people who showed up. Donald Trump's communication director, Stephen Chung post amazing, despite the threat of rain, over 250,000 patriots showed up to celebrate the 250th anniversary of the US Army.


God bless the USA once again, there was probably at most around 10,000 people who showed up. But let's, let's dissect this, shall we? David Earl Williams iii, a United States Navy veteran who served from 2002 to 2006 writes the following. As a US Navy veteran, I can confidently say the troops in Trump's flop of a military birthday parade weren't even marching. They were casually strolling the lead soldier couldn't even muster a proper salute. Then there's the lone soldier awkwardly holding a DJI drone above his head.


It's equal parts, hilarious and pathetic. You can bet soldiers around the world will be reenacting and mocking this mess during their next formation. Meanwhile, the no Kings protest drew an estimated five to 12.5 million attendees absolutely dwarfing Trump's bargain pin parade, barring any major health event in the next three years. One thing's for certain Trump won't be doing this event again. And here's the video that he dropped of it. Here play this clip.


Next up, this veteran writes the following, Jake writes, when military men and women in uniform march, they march with tight timing and in lockstep as sign of pride, these soldiers couldn't be further from marching in lockstep. It's clear that they don't want to be part of Trump's dictator parade and are just phoning it in here. Play this clip again. Today's a celebration Of army. As you noted, the other branches are much younger. I'm sure that's a source of competition at times, but this is a chance to celebrate Soldiers. This account, Terry writes, someone in the highest position within the chain of command of the Department of Defense need to resign or be fired.


This parade put our soldiers in a bad light, not dressed right, no dress, no lockstep, marching with the cadence and caller looks like the first week of basic training. This one I saw go viral by Vy. She writes Former army here it takes about a week of drill and basic to learn how to march. Once you do, it's ingrained in you for life. You know how to self-correct if you fall out of step. And if there isn't a commanding officer leading the march, there's a designated point person within the ranks to call out a left, right left if they notice disorder in the cadence. So this cluster F of a parade leaves me with only one conclusion.


This was a silent protest, a fox Trott Delta Tango, if you will. Speaking of that, Shannon Watts points out the following for the kids. The song they were playing during this dictator parade is called Fortunate Sun by Credence Clearwater Revival, which is a protest song that critiques the social injustices and class disparities of the Vietnam War draft system that Donald Trump exploited to claim he had bone spurs to get five deferments to not be drafted into the Vietnam War. Here play this clip.


And the irony cannot be lost. That as they're playing fortunate son, you have Donald Trump saluting the army soldiers dressed in the Vietnam fatigues that Donald Trump dodged the draft and said that his personal Vietnam was his claim. Purportedly, he says that he avoided STDs during the 1980s, which he says made him more courageous even than those who fought and died in Vietnam. Here, let's just play that clip right there. Again, Dating, right? And when you gotta say to a woman, Hey, listen, you the GOP to my personal doctor, and I'm gonna have you checked out. Is that a tough thing to say to a woman or you just got the balls to say it?


You know, I'll tell you, it's amazing. I can't even believe it. I've been so lucky, right? In terms of that whole world, because You've never gotten a social disease. It it is a dangerous world out there. It is. It's scary. It's like Vietnam sort of like, you know, the Vietnam Era. It's, it is your personal Vietnam, isn't it? It is my personal. You've said that many times. I feel Like a great and very brave soul to


This episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Graza. It's that time of the year, whether you're grilling on the deck or chilling at the beach. Graza is your one and only summertime, never blended single origin olive oil. I love the trio. There's frizzle with a 490 degree smoke point ideal for grilling, frying or crisping. Sizzle is your everyday go-to for roasting, marinating and sauteing and drizzle. Bold, punchy, grassy, and bright. It elevates everything from potato salad to bread, even ice cream. I've made some of the best salad dressings with that drizzle, by the way. And here's what sets it apart. Graza is extra virgin, super fresh, single varietal, and always clean and pure. No blends, just vibrant, aromatic, traceable goodness from one olive varietal from one region. Personally, I love the no mess, squeeze and spray bottles. It makes cooking cleaner and quicker and with a zero mess. And I'll be honest, I was so psyched when Graza came on board as a sponsor because as someone who loves to cook, I had already been the biggest fan of their olive oils. Here's the best part. You get 10% off your first order on Graza site, but I highly recommend grabbing the trio, sizzle, frizzle, and drizzle. So you're covered for every kind of cooking. So head to Graza dot co and use Midas Plus to get 10% off the trio, which includes sizzle, frizzle, and drizzle, and get to cook in your next chef quality meal. That's Graza dot co code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S.


So here I, I've seen this TikTok going viral where they made that soldier walk while holding a drone above his head. Play this clip. You can see here in this photo, Melania relishing happy as can be at Donald Trump's suffering. Here again, you can see, looked like a no show for Donald's birthday. Play this clip. Now, I love this clip. Maybe one of my favorite Trump clips of all time. This 90 seconds of Donald Trump absolutely suffering.


But Melania could not be happier. Watch Trump suffer as Melania is enjoying every moment of this. Here play this clip. In 19 Years of escalating competition between European alliances culminate in the outbreak of the First World War. The two sides engaged in the savage war of attrition defined by opposing trenches, barred wired, poison, gas, and mass casualties. The United States initially maintained its neutrality, but was eventually drawn into the conflict in 1917. Despite having less than 130,000 soldiers at the beginning, the army eventually grew to over 4 million with nearly 2 million soldiers serving in Europe.


In six months of fighting, nearly 50,000 Americans lost their lives with another 190,000 wounded. The guns fell silent with the arm assist of November 11th, 1919, 1918. We continue on with more USA World War I rolling stock. This 1918 Dodge Touring car was part of the legendary 1919 Transcontinental convoy, 3,251 miles and 62 grueling days across the Lincoln Highway.


And remember, no pavement, no GPS and no power steering, just grit, determination of the drive to push Army mobility. Wanna give a shout out to this account? Power is taken not given on TikTok. This has gone ultra viral. A veteran right here, and he gives his take along the lines of what I've been saying in this video play this clip. Okay, were any of my fellow veterans out there caught off guard by just how shitty Trump's military parade looked? I don't know if the rest of you guys, but I was genuinely shocked. And don't get me wrong, the United States Army has plenty of problems, but finding the pageantry and stagecraft necessary to pull off a tight public performance, not generally one of them, they pretty much nailed that one. Every time the presentation of the equipment was lackluster and uninspiring, the uniforms didn't look all that sharp.


The march the marching was a horror story. Like, like they're just walking. Nobody's in step. I couldn't believe what I was witnessing. I don't know. The entire thing just seemed tacky, cheap and unprofessional to me. Which is really funny when you consider the fact that they went outta their way to tell you that this was sponsored by random crypto scams. Special Thanks to our sponsor, Coinbase. It is like a bad dream to end on. A good note, whenever I saw one of the Army marching bands, they, they look pretty tight. They, they seem squared away. And to end on an even better note, I love that the thing was sparsely attended, it couldn't happen to a better guy. This next one comes from the Medic Riggs TikTok account. And they write, apparently practicing drill and ceremony was not of importance.


Play this clip Brought us to like a hot damn mess lip. All right, so bootcamp story. Whenever we had marching drill days for like drill competitions and bootcamp, it was dumb as shit ever. The 900 divisions always won because it was just a bunch of band camp nerds, which I was one of those. I was not a 900 division. But anyways, I digress. All of the kids who could not march, who had no rhythm at all, the RDCs just went around and was like, Hey you, your ankle hurts today, right? You need to go to sick call the kids.


Like, no, what the Rd C's? Like, no, your ankle, it looks like it's swollen up. You need to go to sit call. And they just ship 'em off to sit call so that they would have an advantage and get rid of all the, the kids who couldn't march. Emily Runes says, this is so embarrassing playing this clip. Hell, I don't know. No, Jason, I know Ben cranky. What the hell? God took my pills. I get cranky. The five and The, here's what Governor Newsom had to post. Let's play this clip.


Shout out to my buddy over at Secular Talks and Polly ticks for posting this AI video that made me laugh and warning, this is ai. This isn't real. Okay, this isn't real. It's ai. Although it probably is a reenactment of what of, of what actually went down last night and into today. Play this clip. Shout out Pauly ticks play it.


And here even the Russians are trolling. Donald Trump. Let's play it.


So tell me what you think folks. And hit subscribe. And let's get to 5 million subscribers, you Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Midas touch com.