
On this Labor Day change is in the air. You've got MAGA getting booed at various Labor Day events like the one that took place in Buena Vista, Virginia, which is not necessarily anything close to a democratic haven. You had Glenn Youngin getting booed essentially off stage with the crowd wearing Harris Wall's gear saying, we are not going back. We are not going back. Donald Trump is going back and going down in the polls. That is, we will review some of the bad news that Donald Trump got over this past holiday weekend.


Donald Trump also had a number of really unhinged appearances where he made so many statements that are in a normal period of time in politics disqualifying. It's truly hard to count because in these various speeches, I mean, I'm talking about hundreds of hundreds of disqualifying statements, but we'll cut through it all and break it down for you. Contrast that to vice President Kamala Harris's interview that she gave with Dana Bash on CNN, poised, composed, detailed. And Dana Bash was basically just regurgitating Donald Trump and MAGA conspiracies and talking points and framing them as questions, which I don't really think is the purpose of journalism, but we'll get into it.


And also, on this important day, a huge day Labor Day, we give thanks to the workers, the unions who made America, America, who made it possible, the labor movement, the labor leaders, workers across This country. We say thanks to you, and we always let you know that one of our priorities and goals here on the Midas Touch Network is to stand with you and to make sure that your voice is heard. Give you a voice here on this network. A major one, Ben Marcellus, joined by Brett and Jordy Brothers, how are you doing on this Labor Day? I'm doing great. Happy Labor Day, everybody. As Ben said today, we gotta honor all the hardworking people who built This country and continue to drive it forward.


I think Labor Day is always a reminder of the power of unity, the power of what it means when we come together, especially collective action, fighting for fair wages and working conditions. You know, it's, I I, I gotta assume it's an awkward holiday for these Republicans who are constantly going against workers' rights to all of a sudden have to push out these phony Labor day messages. I saw JD Vance earlier today. He was tweeting out, we're gonna fight for workers and all this stuff. It's like, dude, you literally, you've been in the Senate now for a few years. Every opportunity where a bill was in front of you, where you could have voted on the side of workers, you voted against them 100% of the time, not even like one time, a hundred percent of the time you voted against workers.


So I do not need to hear your fake Labor Day messages. MAGA Republicans, we're gonna keep ringing the receipts and show you everything that is going on. Jordy, what's the latest I'm excited for today, guys. Really excited for today because it also gets to, okay, how many times have you seen Trump merchandise or MAGA merchandise?


For example, that's like America first, and then you twist open the inside of it and it says, made in China. Well, we don't do that here, of course, at the Midas Touch Network because that's a ridiculous thing. You know, we stand by our convictions here and we love supporting workers. So that's why we made the, the conservative effort, everything we make here at the Midas Touch Network from the merchandise and everything, 100% USA Union made. And that leads me to my next segue. Brothers, do you know we're running a Labor Day sale right now? 10% off use code union@store.midastouch.com. And so I'm really just genuinely excited because it also just gets to show like we, the pro democracy community actually stand behind workers and we are willing to show that with everything that we do. And then you have Trump and MAGA on the other hand, that honestly just continue to lie and be so disingenuous to the American people to the point where everyone is seeing through their game plan and Jordy, when, when does the Labor Day Sale end with Code union@store.midastouch.com? Just so folks, it's, it's a great point. It was supposed to end tonight at midnight, however, we're gonna extend it through Tuesday for our audio listeners to get involved as well. Wow. Wow. There's gonna be a brief extension into Tuesday as well. So definitely use that code union@store.midastouch.com, get your pro democracy gear, the mind your own damn business, all of the amazing stuff we have there. Use Code Union. Please use the code. You get 10% off. It's awesome@storeminustouch.com.


Alright, that's enough of that. Let's get into the News Fellow, what is, let's get into it. What is the Pro Act? Everybody knows the Pro Act, our nation's labor laws are woefully outdated and have become ineffective as a means for working people to have voices heard. The most significant worker empowerment legislation since the Great Depression is now in the hands of the Senate that bill is called the Protecting the Right to Organize Act, the Pro Act, and it's a landmark worker empowerment act. Guess who votes against it? Guess who blocks it? The Republicans and Donald Trump. We know how Donald Trump's, you know, latest scam is no taxes on tips.


Guess what? Why I call it a scam? 'cause guess what Donald Trump did when he was in office? He wanted to push forward a rule that would allow bosses to steal the tips of their workers. The employers would own the tips. It took legislation by Democrats in an omnibus bill to block what Donald Trump tried to do. And corporate media is going to not go back and talk about all of that. They'll just use the slogans over and over again. But I think it's important that what we do here at the Midas Touch Network is just remind people that actions matter and that there are receipts for all of these things.


And I think as we've taken back the media from the hands of these wannabe oligarchs, we, the people, people are getting the message. I mean, take a look at what happened at a Labor Day event in Virginia, For example in Buenavista, which as Aaron Ner puts it, this is not the kind of place that has always been a strong democratic stronghold or presence at all. But during the Labor Day parade, it was different. Brett, do we have this video of Glenn Jenkin stumping for Trump getting booed and drowned out with chance of we are not going back.


If so, let's play it. Comment is, I think all of you should move over here and all of you should move over there. You all sitting on the wrong sides, wrong sides. This is right. And that is left. That's so, so good right there. You see what he does there, Ben, when he goes, you all are sitting on the wrong side. This is right. This is like, no man, this is pro-democracy. Welcome to it. Because these folks here in Buena Vista, that's how they truly feel. It's not a right or left issue, it's pro-democracy, Glenn Youngen.


and we are not going back, as those folks said. Yeah, the move is always to try to sow division. Like that's always the first move. Oh, you're not us because you don't agree with Donald Trump. But I think we're seeing all around the country this happen. I mean, Ben, you've been reporting on all the action that's been happening in Florida, which has been incredible to see after these past few election cycles to see the energy in Florida, the enthusiasm in Florida for vice President, Kamala Harris, and Governor Tim Waltz. Something special is happening on the ground right now, and we are seeing it in these clips. We are seeing it by speaking to our friends and family members who live all across the country. The energy is really unique.


And as this happens, we are going to continue to see the propaganda efforts of Fox, of Elon Musk, of Trump, of all of these coordinated entities working together to try to make your reality not seem like it's the reality. Their plan is to try to supplant the reality of what's happening on the ground with their propaganda that they're trying to push through digital and other means. And so we need to be cognizant of that fact, which is why we got a report on Ben, all these crazy Donald Trump appearances on these propaganda networks that just keep ramping up in craziness as he slips in the polls. And as we see this movement rise up across the country against this autocratic strain look, the five day work week, sick leave, paid leave, vacation time, it's not a foregone conclusion that those things would exist.


You should thank a union member for those types of things. When we talk about the Affordable Care Act, Obamacare, when we talk about lowering a prescription drug price, when we talk about social security, when we talk about these things, these are things that frankly, Donald, Trump and MAGA Republicans are fighting against. And how do we know it? Because they're voting against them. We, we We can see what they're voting for and what their voting against We can see what their priorities were. I mean, Trump was in office. We have, we have a track record for what he did, and the only people that he helped, but in my opinion actually probably still screwed too because it actually contracted the economy.


But I think they feel helped because they feel that he was looking out, were the billionaires through the tax cuts for the billionaires who were so shortsighted, they're willing to say, I want one year of tax cuts versus what Donald Trump did with the economy. And it was not good. We know that because we have the data. We can compare 'em, right? What was Donald Trump's big metric for the economy, the stock market, even though the stock market shouldn't be the metric. Well, it's up about 50 to 55% now over when Donald Trump was in office. So Trump's main metric he's losing in when he thought that giving these tax cuts to the billionaires and the deck and millionaires was going to help with that.


vice President, Kamala, Harris and Biden beat him there. Lower unemployment right now, higher GDP growth, right now, America's the only major economy that's exceeded its 2019 GDP projections in 20 24, 20 25 when in 2019 they didn't even factor in covid. Just think about that. So while Donald Trump wants to talk bad about America, let's talk accurate about the data, and let's just talk about the types of things that Donald Trump's been doing and saying. He gave this interview with Mark Levin who talks like this. It was a interview. I just want to give you a few of the low lights.


I mean, there were so many deranged things that He said, but every single one of these things should be absolutely disqualifying. Like here, Donald Trump's like, why should you get in trouble for interfering with presidential elections here? play this clip. Whoever Heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential election where you have every right to do it, you get indicted and you poll numbers go up when people get indicted, you poll numbers go down. I've heard of it that it's called a crime. You can't interfere with elections. They don't just allow you to do it. That's Donald Trump's line with everything, right? When you're famous, they allow you to do it when you're in office, they allow you to do it.


As Donald Trump said, he could sexually assault women because when he is famous, they just let you do it. He's on audio tape saying that. Now, when Donald Trump's like, but it hasn't really affected my poll numbers. Well, it has, you're, you're losing to vice President, Kamala Harris, but you've got corporate media benefactors. You're on a literal propaganda channel right there with Mark Laman who's giving you a platform to spew this anti-American crap. And then you have corporate media that both sides of the issues here. Just take a look at this. Donald Trump then says, when former President Obama was in office, there was a huge amount of anxiety and a lot of hatred taking place here at play.


this clip, I had to make a decision, do I wanna do this? Do I wanna put the wife of the president of the United States and Secretary of State By the way do I wanna put her in prison? And I'm trying to unify a country that really was broken badly. If you look at, you know, what was going on with Obama when I took this over This country was very, had tremendous hatred, anxiety, a lot of hatred. And do I wanna put the wife of a president of the United States in prison? I didn't wanna do that. And then when I get out, it's like, it's, it's amazing actually.


It's amazing. And it's such a bad precedent because people are gonna think about it differently and they're gonna think about it differently. And it's, it's very sad actually, By, the way he did everything he could to throw Hillary Clinton in jail, he failed at it because there was no evidence and there were checks and balances at the time, which now these Supreme Court justices who he appointed say, don't exist anymore. The right wing Supreme Court says he's entitled to absolute immunity for anything essentially, that he believes is a core constitutional function or an official presidential act. But fortunately, the stress test of our democracy survived one term of Donald Trump disgracing our country, but it's not built to survive.


Again, because the right wing Supreme Court justices tore down those safeguards. He or Donald Trump in that same interview says that vice President, Kamala Harris is a vicious person. That's how he talks about women. He is a vicious person. He says, and He says that she went after former vice President, Mike Pence, so viciously as well as Justice Kavanaugh play this clip. Things are happening that are so crazy. I I think there's no human being that was ever treated worse in Congress than Justice Kavanaugh and Harris led the battle. That's right. Oh, she was vicious. Oh, she was the most vicious.


She was going after them, just like with Mike Pence where she said, you're interrupting me. I want to talk. And that's why, look, a, b, c is probably the worst in terms of fairness. George Opolis, the be the people they have there are just terrible. Jonathan Carl. And, but that's the only one she'll go to. Now, the other, the other one is the head of a BC is her best friend and her husband's best friend, Donald Trump tried to have former vice President, Mike Pence killed and said the most horrific and heinous things about Pence and then would make reposts about people who threatened Mike Pence life to encourage it.


Even pretty recently as well. Former vice President, Mike Pence does not support Donald Trump. There's a reason why Donald Trump needed to pick a new running mate. It's because he tried to kill his old one using the tactics of Vladimir Putin By the way, just hearing Donald Trump in that interview right there, I mean, one, he, he seems so tired and weak. And then it's a combination of that with the name calling. You know, Flo Opolis on a BC, you gotta do flop. It's really unfair. She's vicious flop Opolis. His name is George Stephanopoulos.


And if you're just gonna whine, don't show up, like why do we allow this gr grown man who doesn't behave like one to go there and like parade himself around like a little baby? No offense to little babies. Like he's just, eh, mommy, I don't wanna go to the store. Why? Because Floop is there. I don't wanna go. I wanna be, I wanna stay in my bedroom. You know what, the craziest thing too has Ben that like the corporate media, like not the non Fox propaganda media rewards him for this appearances. Look, Donald Trump is doing a lot of interviews, isn't he? Donald Trump is out every night doing these interviews.


I, this is not exactly an interview, okay? This is Donald Trump propaganda tv. This is basically him doing his own kind of HGTV channel selling himself to the American public, just pushing his propaganda. This isn't like anything he should get any credit for. And this isn't what Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh should be doing. This is just some weird stuff that in and of itself is disqualifying Mommy. I don't want to, I don't want to eat vegetable. I want, I wanna go and eat my, I wanna eat candy. Like, that's like what it is. Watching that. I don't even know what, like, it's just not even adult behavior. Like it's just not grown up behavior. Se setting aside decent behavior or like just acting like he's acting like a little, like just watching a little baby there, right?


I don't even know what the hell that is. So what happens when you surround yourself by yes, people all day, every day and are never told? No. That's how you end up eating candy for dinner to continue the analogy. I mean, it's truly pathetic. Or telling people to inject bleach and or like a miracle. It's all going to go away. Or telling people climate change isn't real. And if anything it's a good thing. 'cause you'll get more beachfront property, which is not a thing. I mean, it, it's, it's absurd behavior to watch. And here he is saying that he, he was speaking with Putin and he would've made all these great deals with Putin. But then people were saying Russia, Russia, Russia said he couldn't do the deals with Putin.


Here, watch this. We were, we were having a problem. You had Adam shifty Schiff and all these bad people, including Hillary and others coming up with this Russia hoax. And I told Putin, I said, you know, it's a shame 'cause we could have done a lot of business, the countries together, but with this whole fake thing that's going on. And he understood that He said it's a fake deal, He said, he actually said to me, He said, it's tough to make a deal now. I said, you're right. It's, they created a fake narrative. This Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. It was a hoax. and we could have had a much different relationship with Russia. So he's talking there about colluding with Russia and saying, the problem is, is that Americans are saying that he's trying to make secret deals with Russia while trying to make secret deals with a country that's trying to destroy the United States of America and its allies.


And again, they went from the party of Mr. Gorbachev tear down that wall to, and I told Vladimir Putin, I really wanted to do deals with you, but they're making it so difficult by saying that I want to do deals with you. Really? So then Donald Trump speaks at the Moms for Liberty convention. He actually spoke at the Moms for Liberty convention earlier in the week and they helped draft the education section with all the book burning stuff for Project 2025. They actually met with Project 2025 right before Donald Trump sat with Tiffany. Her name is Tiffany Justice. That's our day. Who runs the Moms for Liberty? And what is Donald Trump talking about there?


So he's talking about in the previous interview how he wants to do deals with Putin. How he thinks that Kamala Harris is vicious to Pence and he, and that he can interfere with presidential elections. And he sees nothing wrong with it. And here He says he wants his daughter Ivanka to be the United Nations secretary here, play this clip. But She gave it up because she wanted to go and, and she didn't want something like the United Nations secretary. I wanted her to do that. I said, you would be a great ambassador to the United Nations. United Nations secretary. You, there'd be nobody to compete with her. I tell you, she may be my daughter, but nobody could have competed with her, with her rat tatta the whole deal.


She's got The rat tat tat By the way you, you notice he did like a really weird thing with his tie also as he was talking about her. Watch it one more time. Watch where his hands go as he's speaking about his daughter Ivanka and saying she's got the rat rat tat and that he wanted her to be the United Nations secretary. Huh? Here play this clip one more time. But She gave it up because she wanted to go and, and she didn't want something like the United Nations secretary. I wanted her to do that. I said, you would be a great ambassador to the United Nations.


United Nations secretary. You, there'd be nobody to compete with her. I tell you, she may be my daughter, but nobody could have competed with her, with her rat tatta the whole deal. She's got You saw that, you saw that little move right there. You saw that little move right there. Anyway, we've got a lot more to discuss. We, we have a lot more to discuss on the show. Wanna remind everybody, patreon.com/midas Touch Brothers, could we do a live meeting with everybody end of this week? We'll pick the day, maybe Thursday after the show. We can meet with everybody Thursday or Friday, we'll come up with a time. But I really want us, I really wanna hang out with all the Midas mighty.


So join patreon.com/midas touch, as Jordy said store dot midas touch.com. We've got the sale right now. Jordy, what's the sale? Sale is 10% off use code Union. Remember, everything in the Midas Touch Store is 100% USA Union made. So use that code union, get 10% off store dot midas touch.com and let's support our great unions folks, let's do it. Let's take our first quick ad break of the show.


As you know, I'm a dad and as the days go on, I'm learning that it's incredibly important what we give our children. Now, typically, children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals, and other gummy junk growing kids should frankly never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved SUPERPOWERED chewable vitamin. Now, while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, Haya is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and it's perfect for picky eaters. Haya fills in the most common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated. With the help of nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones, and more. It's non GMO, vegan, dairy free allergy free gelatin free nut free and everything else you could imagine. Now HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad and I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins. And that's why I'm so happy that I've come across HIA Health. The ingredients are amazing and I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because HIA Health is made without that stuff and it's still able to tastes great. Now, we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order now to claim this deal, you have to go to Hiya Health dot com slash midas. This deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E-A-L-T h.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


Right? Are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands, and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas To treat yourself Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Hey everybody. John Stewart here. I am here to tell you about my new podcast, the Weekly Show. It's gonna be coming out every Thursday. So exciting. You'll, you'll be saying to yourself TGID. Thank God it's Thursday. We're gonna be talking about all the things that hopefully obsess you in the same way that they obsess me. The election economics earnings calls, what are they talking about on these earnings calls? We're gonna be talking about ingredient to bread ratio on sandwiches. And I know that I listed that fourth, but in importance, it's probably second. I know you have a lot of options as far as podcasts go, but how many of them come out on Thursday? I mean, talk about Innovative. Listen to the Weekly Show with John Stewart wherever you get your podcasts.


Let's welcome back Jordy. How about those sponsors? Amazing sponsors? Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors links in description of both the YouTube and the audio. Use our codes, let them know we sent you and know, look, I had to change my background. I may be podcasting from my knees right now just because I was having some computer difficulties, but we get scrappy here, folks. That's what we do with the Midas Touch Network. We're scrap B, we were showing you the contrast between Trump's appearances and vice President Kamala Harris's appearance before getting into some of the poll numbers. So we were showing before the break, Donald Trump's interview with Mark Levin from Fox, who talks like this, where among other things, Donald Trump said that he was trying to make deals with Putin, but then was getting called out for making deals with Putin.


So it was a shame he couldn't make deals with Putin. He said that vice President, Kamala Harris was so vicious to former vice President, Mike Pence, who Trump tried to kill and Donald Trump said that there was nothing wrong for interfering or with interfering in a presidential election. He says that he should have been allowed to do it. Then we were showing you some of his Moms for Liberty responses at this Moms for Liberty Convention, like where he talked about how he wanted to make Ivanka the United Nations secretary. So then the interviewer at this Moms for Liberty event, I mean they're a far right wing extremist group that wants to burn books, and they tried to take over all of these school boards and the name of freedom.


They then showed what they really meant by that was taking away the freedom of parents to actually raise their kids. And they wanted to supplement that or rather replace it with the way Moms for Liberty wanted to indoctrinate children. It also just seemed like they just want a lot of attention. This group here, Donald Trump's asked, look, what is he gonna do? And he goes, just so much power. It's the power here, play this clip. And so I just ask you, there's been an explosion in the number of children who identify as transgender and children are being taught that they were born in the wrong body. It's an incredibly abusive message to send. So let's talk a little bit about some of the things that you might be able to do as president.


Well, you can do everything. President has such power. It does, has such power. Okay? The framing of that question really wasn't even a question. It was began with just some lie that, that even if you went a little bit before that clip, they're claiming that kids get sent to school and then they're turned into a different gender without their parents knowing. And then they go back home. And then many years later they wonder why they, their gender was changed, that that's, that's not happening. And these ridiculous lies are used as a pretext to punch down at marginalized communities like the trans community.


And they do it to bully. They do it to be mean-spirited. And they do it also to take away the difficult decisions and the difficult things that parents and, and children and, and, and have to deal with as part of life. And they simplify it in a way just to mock the other and to mock individuals who have very difficult lives and who need support. And that's what they spend overwhelming time on doing right there. But notice I could do anything that that's literally the opposite of what our Constitution says. But he may be reading what the Supreme Court's saying though, which is you have no checks on you.


You have absolute immunity. You could order Seal Team six to kill your political opponent. So in addition to saying that he should have the powers of a dictator, he also spends more time in this interview talking about Ivanka. And then the interviewer goes, she made great shoes here. play this clip. Like Ivanka was a great, she, she could have done anything. Great student, great, beautiful girl, beautiful everything. She was a perfect person, worked hard. She You don, she gave up. Do you remember the Ivanka line and all? I loved those shoes. I know. Please tell your daughter she made Great shoes. She was making so much money with that thing I was saying, what the hell is going on? It was so hot.


It was so hot. She made great shoes. I mean, look folks, there's life or death issues on the line right now. I mean, as we reflect on Labor Day, the rights of workers and the major accomplishments that unions and workers have contributed to our country, as we talk about the fact that there's been a minimum wage that has hasn't been adjusted in such a long period of time, while CEOs are getting paid 500, a thousand, 5000% like what employees are making, there's a minimum wage, not a living wage, not a wage with dignity that exists.


There are life or death issues involving healthcare. Remember when Trump was in office, he attempted to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which meant that those people who had preexisting conditions would not have been able to get healthcare. And they would've died. They would've died as a result. Trump said he had a plan that was bigger and better than Obamacare, never introduced it, in fact, made a mockery of it, enduring interviews. He'd bring a stack of blank pieces of paper and claimed that that was his healthcare plan that didn't actually have any writing on it. Remember Kaleigh? McEnany was called out on it and then she got like mad at the interviewer, I think it was on CBS I, think it was Leslie Stall. And then Donald Trump like ran out of the interview.


Like there's a track record for these things. You know, veterans who now have lifesaving coverage under the Pat act that they wouldn't have gotten before that Trump didn't get them. Over a million claims have been made for lifesaving care with exposure to burn pits. This is life or death stuff. And so when I see, you know, moms of Liberty putting out these lies, focusing on attacking marginalized communities and then, oh well look at her shoes and the shoes and the this and the that and, and, and Donald Trump saying, yeah, those shoes were so hot. I'm like, this is just embarrassing for all of us. And, and, and that's not a Republican, that's not conservative.


What that is is unhinged. It's odd and it's very, very dangerous. And it's just lie after lie. Like, do you remember we covered it here on the Midas Touch Network. Donald Trump in Potterville, Michigan last week. Remember when he claimed there were thousands and thousands of people outside and large corporate media just bought at Hook, line and sinker? Thankfully due to some great local reporting by the local channel six news, WLNS, they did a fact check and they said, okay, well we've got the footage. He is lying here, play this clip Here.


You know, outside, they won't ever report this. They don't ever report it outside. You have thousands and thousands of people that couldn't get in. They don't get seats like you guys, they didn't get the seats that you got, believe me. But you have thousands and thousands of people outside as far as the eye could see as we're driving. Yeah. And to our audio listeners, the reason you didn't hear anything other than I think one kid chanting USA was that there may have been a total of 47 people at most that were around that area and one kid chanting USA that was there, there 10 people, there were not thousands and thousands of people outside as far as the eye could see.


That was not what was happening. But quite literally, this individual lies about everything. Every single word that comes out of his mouth is a lie. And these, these speeches are weird. I mean, you, I, I'll stop playing in some of these 'cause I people get the point. But like he goes to Johnstown, Pennsylvania and he talks about like, do you know the weave? I could weave lots of stories, nine different stories. I weave them and people are like, you're a great storyteller. You're the greatest storyteller ever to live here, play this clip. But what happened? So with Afghanistan, you know, I do the weave, you know what the wave is? I'll talk about like nine different things and they all come back brilliantly together.


And it's like, and friends of mine that are like English professors, they say it's the most brilliant thing I've ever seen. And but the fake news, you know what they say, he rambled. That's not rambling. When you have, what you do is you get off a subject to mention another little tidbit, then you get back onto the subject and you go through this and you do it for two hours and you don't even mispronounce one word. I just have no clue how this is even a thing. Like I I, I mean this sincerely, like what in the heck is that the weave? I tell stories. I mean, this man is an idiot. He is not even a man. He, this guy is an idiot.


And I'm not just trying to use words like I, I just, how did we go from statesmen and stateswomen? Who would, you know, be leaders in This country? And you could disagree, but these were in intelligent people to like, this is brain worm mush it, it's not coherent. The thoughts don't even make sense. He's not even really speaking in sentences. He's giving a stump speech, talking about the weave, which is how he can s say different stories over the course of a multi-hour speech. It is strange stuff. Now compare that to vice President Kamala Harris' speech at a Labor Day event earlier today.


Everywhere I go, I tell people, look, you may not be a union member. You better thank a union member for the five day work week. You better thank a union member for sick leave. You better thank a union member for paid leave. You better thank a union member for vacation time. Because what we know is when union wages go up, everybody's wages go up. When union workplaces are safer, every workplace is safer.


When unions are strong, America is strong. And so vice President Kamala Harris is graded not just on a different curve than Donald Trump, but on a different planet. And so Donald Trump's, if we want to use the curve example and academia as example, we would say vice President. Kamala Harris is graded on the most difficult curve imaginable at a, you know, at at, at a university, let's just say at a graduate level university, the toughest types of curve where only one student in the class can get an A and for her, if she doesn't get an A, she fails out of that university.


That's the Kamala Harris curve, right? That's how she's treated. On the other hand, Donald Trump is viewed along the lines of, of tr and I mean this sincerely, I'm not trying to even mock it, I just think it's accurate. A kindergarten class and whether or not the kindergartner can get a participation trophy. And that depends on whether or not they're able to make it through the day without asking the kindergarten teacher to go home to mommy and Daddy. And if you can get through the day, then you get an A. And if Trump is graded on that kindergarten scale, the media treats that like that is the same as vice President Kamala Harris in the speech that you just gave.


And her plans have to be detailed specific. She has to account for with, with an incredible amount of details whether her policies would increase the deficit in any way. If she rolls out a $6,000 child tax credit, which For example is one of her plans. And By the way she and President Biden previously were responsible for the largest child tax credit in American history to help the tax burden of working class Americans, not the Deca billionaires. She gets criticized about whether or not that will add to the deficit and they people where we need more details.


Whereas Donald Trump gives speeches about my daughter Ivanka, who is, she has great shoes, she's hot, hot stuff hot, this is hot. And then they're like, well, you know, Donald Trump is, is making some good points here. And you know, vice President Kamala needs to come back with some more details. You know, the, the, the lighting needs to be a little bit better By the way I agree that the lighting needs to be better on the CNN interview that, that, that she gave. But also it's like, in what scale are we even talking about that when her ideas are specific, there's a proven track record.


And then what they'll do in these interviews is they'll just regurgitate the talking points by Trump and they'll call that journalism. So when we come back, I wanna show you some of these clips from the CNN interview. I wanna show you some more posts though of Donald Trump, like I'll show you her responses, Donald Trump's behavior. Then I'll show you the corporate media framing of each and I'll give you a good, a good cross section here from Politico to the New York Times. How they're, how they're framing these issues. We still got a lot more to show. Wanna remind everybody? patreon.com/midas touch. Remember to go get that discount code@storemidastouch.com.


Get that pro democracy gear. 100% Union made, 100% made in the US Get that 10% off with Code Union through the end of Tuesday. Let's come back and got a great show ahead of you. So don't go anywhere.


I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before, a night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre-Cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day. Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita. And the next morning I felt amazing, just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype. And with their GMO technology, the ZBiotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


So here's a pretty cool and positive story I want to share. So I got my Uncle MD Hearing aids and I saw him recently over the past weekend and he told me how much better his hearing has been. This podcast is sponsored by MD Hearing MD Hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD Hearing Neo model costs over 90% less than clinical hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear so no one will even know what's there. Plus MD Hearing just launched the Neo XS MD Hearing smallest hearing aid ever. MD Hearing recently cut their price in half. That means you can get high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297 a pair. MD Hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many of his patients needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. He made it his mission to develop a quality hearing aid that anyone could afford. I have been raving to everyone about MD Hearing aids for a while now. MD Hearing is just as good as premium quality hearing aids $297 for a pair of hearing aids. This good as crazy. I can't believe I was overpaying so much for hearing aids and I can't believe how much my uncle loves MD Hearing aids Edward s calls MD Hearing quote, the best hearing aid I have used at any price. It's like exactly what my uncle said. MD Hearing has sold over 1.5 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with confidence, get the hearing you deserve with MD Hearing. Go to shop MD Hearing dot com and use promo code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to get their new $297 when you buy a PAIR offer. Plus they are adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for our listeners of the show. That's shop MD Hearing dot com. Use our promo code Midas and get their new $297 when you buy a PAIR offer.


Pretty good. Welcome back. I want to give a shout out to all of those sponsors. The discount codes are in the description below. You know, we don't have outside investors here on the Midas Touch Network, so we're a little, we're a little scrappy with it if you will. We are beating corporate media on digital platforms right now. More people watch our YouTube channel than Watch Fox or CNN and SNBC. That's all made possible because of you and you helped us last week together. Get over 3 million subscribers, which is us. That's a you accomplishment. You listening, you watching that, you are a major part of that.


That's you right there. So you should tell your friends family that you got to 3 million subscribers because that's what did it. The reason I'm bringing that up though as well is because, you know, we're trying to always find ways to continue to build. And you know, we have the emojis which do, which do well. You can buy those emojis. One of the other things is patreon.com/midas Touch and the other is supporting those great sponsors of ours and Jordy vets the products, their great stuff. And it helps with the program because then they renew their advertising and then when they renew, We can hire more people. And then you can see all of those stuff that we, you see our expansion, you see us at the DNC, you see us in all of these places.


And so that's a testament to you. And again, thank you to our sponsors there as well. So before the break, we were talking about kind of like the Donald Trump interviews and we're comparing him to vice President Kamala Harris interviews. And I was about to play Kamala Harris on CNN. But before doing that, I think it's probably helpful to frame just some of these Trump posts that he's been making to kind of drive home my point. He posted vice President Kamala Harris looking like Super Mario Brothers. I'm half joking, he is supposed to be Stalin I think. But he and Elon Musk are posting these photos and acting like that actually is vice President Kamala Harris like Musk ai. Yeah, it's ai.


And they're AI photos of vice President, Kamala Harris and By. the way this is Trump's go-to now is using AI across the board in very, very manipulative ways. We reported previously how he would post AI images of Swifties and ai, Taylor Swift giving him a fake endorsement and he accepted a fake AI endorsement of Taylor Swift in the Swifties. But this is his go-to, and you may remember too, Brett and Jordy and Mightest Mighty. It was about a year ago where we gave everybody the warning when Roger Stone was claiming, remember when Roger Stone made like death threats directed at Congress member Eric Swalwell? And in response He said it was AI and it wasn't him.


Remember we gave everybody the warning then that's their playbook. They're gonna go say anything that they don't like or is incriminating, they're gonna say is AI and then they're going to use ai. So go, go back to that episode if y'all can find it. But here's what Donald Trump's posting as well. Like you see on those images, he's got his, he posts this one Kamala Harris Pledge Free healthcare for illegals. They're coming to collect and it's a first off, it's a fake issue that doesn't even, that she doesn't agree to, number one. And number two, it's a fake AI image of people going to a fake hospital. Then Donald Trump says, no one is safe with Kamala's open border and it's a fake AI image of someone with a knife looking to stab a female in an alleyway.


Then Donald Trump posts meets your neighbors if Kamala wins. I don't even know where this, what this photo even is, but again, it's more fearmongering. Then he posts an AI image of vice President Kamala Harris dressed up in Soviet garb looking like Stalin. And they actually, like Elon Musk posted one but removed the mustache. And he was like, why is she wearing these outfits now? And again, like amplifying that on their social media platforms. And then Trump uses these AI images of himself to sell these Trump NFT trading cards for $99 a piece where if you buy a certain amount, he'll rip off a piece of his suit and he'll give you a piece of his suit if you give thousands of dollars.


Ben, you said before, you know, you, you were like, how is this even a thing? Like how are we doing this when we were watching Trump, like low energy, looking like a deflated balloon out there, just bloviating nonsense over and over. How are we doing this? And how when Kamala Harris does his interviews on CNN and gets graded by a completely different curve and knocks it out of the park, does an amazing job, amazing. Why are people not internalizing it in the ways that you would think? Like it's great By the way that Kamala Harris is leading in some of these latest polls by six, seven points. That's great news. But let's face it like the reality of the situation, she should be up by 20, 30, 40 points. Like it shouldn't, it shouldn't even be a close situation.


And the thing that I think we all need to be aware of and and always vigilant about is this just daily influx of propaganda that we're seeing. There are, Ben and I were actually talking about this the other day. There are more games being played right now or surrounding this election than ever before. Like there, there has never been this level of, excuse my language, fuckery around this election as there have been any election in the past like this, or there's been more this election than there's been any election in the past. I mean, we are seeing whether it's these fake third party candidates come out, you know, they have an RFK trying to strategically steal votes from certain states and not other states.


And running this whole scheme, whether you have Elon Musk paying $44 billion for Twitter to turn it into a propaganda machine. And he's posting AI images of Kamala Harris dressed in Soviet garb and trying to pass it off like it's real. Or all these various Trump influencers who every single day are spreading the most egregious lies. And then you see a corporate media that is unable to combat it and instead digests it and then spits it back out when it tries to do its purported journalism. You see a very new problem in our society, and I think you see these lies around these digital spaces, this disinformation, you see it how it kind of floods out, how it leaks out from online into the real world and infects people.


And I don't wanna act like people don't have their own agency to make their own decision, but I also, you need to acknowledge that this is something that has never been done before. There's been propaganda throughout history, of course there's been similar tactics used in different ways. It has never spread in the way that it spreads right now. The speed that it spreads right now, the volume that it spreads right now. And so I think there are frankly a lot of people out there who are just completely trapped in these algorithms and are getting just bad information all day. Just lies all day. And it could have started that they were a Fox watcher and we a more traditional Republican or conservative back in the day and all of a sudden they get on Twitter or x whatever it's called now, and then they start getting flooded.


All this right wing lies and garbage and stuff and it consumes you. And so it's just something that we all need to, you know, be paying attention to. And that's why we highlight it when we see Donald Trump, you know, doing it. That's why we highlight it when we see people like Elon Musk weaponizing this in this way because it's really talk about, you know, Donald Trump when he makes those despicable comments about, you know, immigrants poisoning our country. This, this disinformation, it's being spread by Donald, Trump, maggot, Elon Musk, you name it. That is what is poisoning our country and it's making people feel depressed, who otherwise would I think very much be enjoying their lives right now. Because all things considered things are good, things could always be better.


But as far as our economy compared to other economies in the world, guess what the USA is leading when it comes to energy independence. The USA is leading GDP growth. The USA is leading when it comes to jobs after the pandemic, the USA is leading. These are all good things. And what Donald, Trump, Elon Musk and all these voices are doing, and it's a global network. Remember global network that goes to Venezuela, to Brazil, to all over the globe, Hungary, you name it. They are spreading disinformation and are using the same old tire tactics that authoritarians have used throughout history. And they're very basic. They're very simple. It's the same old crap that we've seen throughout decades and decades and decades. But they go and they demonize immigrants, they demonize marginalized communities.


They say these people are a threat to your life. And when otherwise people are having, I think, you know, pretty good lives. But no, the transgender people, they're gonna turn your kid trans if you send them to public schools. So we better pull funding for those public schools. 'cause you don't want your kid to be trans, right? It's, it's the same tactics that go back to every authoritarian movement ever. and we will take your tax dollars to fund private schools and allow businesses to kind of take it over where oftentimes rich kids can get their school subsidized so that the rich, so that the rich can get richer. You, you have to follow their agenda all the time.


And you know, you've heard the expression before, nature of horrors a vacuum. And I think that vacuum right now in the United States of America is really the fourth estate. It's the corporate media's ability to deal with this. And they've just completely tapped out. And in that vacuum you have the Midas Touch Network and other independent media form. And also just in general this pro-democracy community. We the people sharing the facts and sharing the data and pushing back at the disinformation. I mean, you just take a look at some of these recent headlines from corporate media. Like this was Politico's front page yesterday.


Trump's beautiful World, the former president boast, he has the best words, but his favorite by far beautiful. And it's just like a weird like, like, like why not say that Donald Trump's bragging about cutting deals with Putin that could result in the destruction of NATO in Europe. Like Trump's beautiful world, or this one, a mark of shame 900 years until now. The term felon carries an ancient stigma, but one that Donald Trump can break. And then you look at the New York Times headlines over the past few weeks, joy is not a strategy with vice President. Kamala Harris on it. And then the other guest essay that was prominently featured is Trump can win On character.


On character. What are you talking about when you actually look at the people's favorability ratings, which to me from this new A BC Ipsos poll, perhaps the most telling of all, you know, vice President. Kamala Harris has a net positive favorability, 46% favorability. You compare that to Donald. Trump has a net negative favorability, negative 25%. His favorability is only 33%. When you look at Governor Walls, he has a net positive of 11% favorability, 42% favorable, 31% unfavorable. And JD Vance has a net negative negative 12% favorability 32% favorable, 44% unfavorable.


But you run that through the grinder of the poll. And vice President, Kamala Harris, she's up six points among likely voters, which all of the corporate media was like, this is a, it is too close right now. Or like when these were the opposite. It's By the way it is very close. I mean, it should, it should be more than six points, right? The A BC Ipsos poll, which is a pretty good poll, has vice President Kam Harris of 52% to 46%. But the way it's covered by corporate media, when those numbers were Biden was losing by like two or three, and those polls, they were like, it's over. It's a disaster. He needs to drop out now. Look, I'm happy with the way vice President, Kamala Harris has really, I think, transformed this race in such an important way.


I think she's incredible. I think Governor Walls is incredible, but the way they present these facts, they throw Trump a lifeline versus they should be demanding he drop out of the race. Right? That would be fair. Even handed coverage that all the corporate media every day relentlessly should have seven to 10 opinion pieces the same way they did for Biden demanding Trump withdraw what CNN should have done the day when Donald Trump was found liable for sexually assaulting a woman from a federal jury. There should have been around the clock coverage of when is Trump going to withdraw, when is he gonna leave? And every Republican would have to answer for how can you support someone found liable in a court of law of sexual assault, then play all of his audio clips where he brags about sexually assaulting women, play his depositions, play, show the depositions, talk about his relationship with Eps Epstein.


The media refuses to go there. Instead, CNN invited Donald Trump to do a town hall with Kaitlyn Collins. They filled up the room with Trump supporters, so it would be a friendly crowd. And then they asked him questions where he would mock his sexual assault victim on CNN's live airway. As the crowd laughed at the sexual assault victim. As I said before, nature abhors a vacuum. And I think it's even worse, nature abhors the chaos created by corporate media. And it's important that we contextualize these events and just call 'em out for what they are and, and what it is.


I said, I was gonna show you one of these vice President Kamala Harris clips from the interview. I know you've seen a lot of them, so let me just show you this one here. When she was asked a question about, just watch the framing of this question she's asked about, what do you say to people who remember the Trump economy fondly? What do you tell them? Watch vice President Kamala Harris' response. Let player, You talk about, you call it the opportunity economy. You are well aware that right now many Americans are struggling. There's a crisis of affordability. Yeah. One of your campaign themes is, we're not going back, but I wonder what you say to voters who do wanna go back when it comes to the economy, specifically because their groceries were less expensive, housing was more affordable when Donald Trump was president.


Well, let's start with the fact that when Joe Biden and I came in office during the height of a pandemic, we saw over 10 million jobs were lost. People. I, I mean, literally we were all tracking the numbers. Hundreds of people a day were dying because of covid. The economy had crashed in large part, all of that because of mismanagement by Donald Trump of that crisis. When we came in, our highest priority was to do what we could to rescue America. And today we know that we have inflation at under 3%. A lot of our policies have led to the reality that America recovered faster than any wealthy nation around the world.


But you are right. Prices in particular for groceries are still too high. The American people know it. I know it, which is why my agenda includes what we need to do to bring down the price of groceries. For example, dealing with an issue like price gouging, what we need to do to extend the child tax credit to help young families be able to take care of their children in their most formative years. What we need to do to bring down the cost of housing. My proposal includes what would be a tax credit of $25,000 for first time home buyers so they can just have enough to put a down payment on a home, which is part of the American dream and their aspiration, but do it in a way that allows them to actually get on the path to achieving that goal in that dream.


So Now, if CNN just did its job and reported accurately on what was happening, they would not say many people feel a certain way. Well, if you educated people on the reality of the situation that Donald Trump added $8 trillion of debt, that Donald Trump recklessly printed money in a PPP program that benefited rich people disproportionately and over the people who actually needed the economic recovery the most. When you talk about Donald Trump's failed trade war with China, when you talk about the fact that Donald Trump reduced taxes for billionaires and couldn't pay for it, which increased the deficit massively as well.


And you talk about things that are inflationary, you should talk about just give the data of who the arsonist is and who the firefighter is. People are looking to the media not to reinforce disinformation. They're looking for the media to provide a service, a function. And it is to provide the facts and data to the best of your ability here and to not both sides. The issue as we conclude the show, when we talk about Labor Day, we know where Donald Trump stands on labor. It's not Donald. Trump may say he's with workers. Let me also, Donald, can I just give a a crazy stat before we move on from Kamala for a second?


Because I, when I heard this stat, I was like, holy crap. That's right. And it's, it's wow. Kamala Harris, if she's elected president, will be the first Democratic president in decades, to not have to begin her presidency by rescuing the American economy from a Republican recession. Just like, let's let that sink in for a second. And we've all seen this pattern over the past few decades. Republican comes into the office, the presidency, economy crashes, recession Democrat has to dig out of that hole. And then what happens? The Republicans use the economy crash that they caused to say, we're not recovering quick enough. Or, look, the economy's not as good as it was when I took over as president.


Oh, when you took over after the previous Democrat saved the economy and then handed you a growing economy. I mean, how many times do I think we just lost Jordy with his makeshift setup? But h how many times have we seen that over the past few decades, like literally every single time? And the fact that Kamala Harris, if elected would be the first Democratic president in decades to come into office without having to rescue the American economy from a Republican recession, I think speaks so much Vol, I think it speaks volumes well, and the fact that that occurs isn't some quirk, it is actually the design, right? Because if you think about what it is that the Republican policy, this trickle down concept is, it's the billionaires view it as, you know, the person asking, you know, their, their, you know, their parents, if you will, you know, for the credit card to go out and just spend whatever the hell they want with no accountability, right?


And it's why Donald Trump found a place, frankly, you know, in, in that specific party. 'cause Donald Trump his entire life would bankrupt companies and bring things into debt and then screw over everybody around him, then blame people and then do it again and again and again. And frankly, that's where a lot of these Republican policies would bring us. You'd trickle you, you, you'd have this trickle down concept. You'd help the billionaires as much as possible. They would spend recklessly and just try to bring themselves additional generational wealth, hoarded all of the money, which would break down our economy. When you screwed over the workers and you screwed over the middle class in favor of these billionaires who are already super wealthy, who are now getting unfair advantages, then you have to deal with it the same way a firefighter has to put out the fire created by the arsonists, and then they'll spend their entire, the Republicans then spend the entire times blaming the firefighter for the crap that they created, for the fire that they created.


And then corporate media would just perpetuate that cycle. So we've been caught in this generational loop of this happening. Republicans screw it up, Democrats bail it out. Democrats are blamed for the hard work of trying to bail it out. A Republican screws it up, the Democrat tries to fix it. And that's the loop we've been in all of the time. We have the ability, Brett, to your point, for the first time to break that loop. And I think independent media, calling it out and letting people know what's up is, is a way that helps us get out of that loop as well. And that's what we've devoted our lives to here on the Midas touch. Now, we'll leave you with these two clips as we conclude.


Donald Trump goes into a non-union shop in Michigan a few months back. Lies claims. It's a union shop lies, gives non-union workers signs that say, union workers for Trump, and then tells the non-union workers who he's pretending are union workers at a non-union shop that they are picketing for the wrong reasons here. play this clip. In other words, your current negotiations don't mean as much as you think. I mean, I'll watch you out there with the pickets, but I don't think you're picketing for the right thing. Your Current negotiations don't mean as much as you think. I mean, for the millions of union workers out there, this has been the difference between being able to afford a mortgage or a rent or provide food for their fam.


And he, you're, you're picketing for the wrong reasons. As Donald Trump says to the billionaires at Mar-a-Lago, I'm gonna make you rich as hell. You are rich. I'm gonna make you richer. I'm gonna give you all tax cuts. And then Donald Trump goes and does that interview with Elon Musk a few weeks back where he praises Musk for firing the workers who were striking for better pay and better working conditions. play this clip, This cutter. I mean, I look at what you do. You walk in, you just say you wanna quit. They go on strike. They, I won't mention the name of the company, but they go on strike. And you say, that's okay. You're all gone. You're all gone. So every one of you is gone and you are the greatest. You would be very good. Oh, you would love it But. you know, if you look at rg, Okay, at the core of the labor movement is the idea of collective bargaining, right?


At the core is the idea that if corporations are being unfair, that you can use collective action to ensure that workers get the benefits that they deserve. And just even in that clip, Donald Trump's laughing and making a mockery of that concept. And he's done it his entire life, right? His entire life. He's screwed workers, he's screwed companies, he's a destroyer, not a builder. You look at the disaster that is the Trump media stock. It's a stock that has his name attached to it. He can't even make that do well. Like it's under $20 a share now.


It's like crashing. It's getting lower by the day, it's gonna be another Trump failed company, in my opinion, lost $300 million. You, you can't even run that. Imagine if our country was down what Trump media stock is now, and it was down 55% right now. Could you imagine that? That's what would happen to our country? What do you think happened during Covid? You know how people give Donald Trump a co, a Covid Mulligan? Well, things were going great until Covid. First off, they weren't. Things were heading into a recession before Covid number one. But number two, he mishandled Covid. Why do you give that as unwell? Then this thing happened.


He was the leader. This is why again, do we goes back to what we said. Why do we baby this individual? You know, workers in America, you know, Republicans always say, pull yourself up by your bootstrap. Workers have always pulled themselves up by their boot workers have fought for their families. Workers have fought for This. country workers have fought bravely for our country. Whereas Donald Trump has have been the one who's always asked for handouts, bankruptcies, and he's whined and complained like a petulant little child. So on this Labor Day, we thank all of you American workers. We thank the labor movement for defining the character of our country, but we also are reflective that that character is under attack.


It is a wolf in sheep's clothing that's using AI media propaganda, and all of the tactics that authoritarians have used in the past, but they've upgraded this on a full fledge assault of our democracy. We're gonna call it out each and every step of the way. So thank you everybody for watching. We appreciate you.


Make sure you go to patreon.com/midas touch, check that out. Go to store dot midas touch.com. Get that prodemocracy gear. 100% Union made, 100% made in the USA. Check that out. Use that discount code union. Get 10% off there as well.


Brett's putting in all of the graphs as well. Just So. you know, We can be data oriented and focused on actual data as well, which is the American economy right now, not even, not even close. Every metric, whether you're talking about employment, consumer net worth, real GDP per capita, corporate profits, the stock market, black unemployment, everything, Latino unemployment, everything right now is better. And it's not even close than it was when Trump was in office. Just follow the data. thank you everybody for watching. See you at the after majority. Take it away. Shout out to the Midas my day.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premiers in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch against all enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks, Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.