
North Carolina residents are absolutely livid at Donald Trump. After he pulled another stunt causing a massive traffic jam in the Asheville area, preventing people from going about their day, delivering water, delivering medical services, getting emergency aid, Donald Trump tried to turn the entire day about himself, showing up in a disaster area caused by Hurricane Helene and accepting an award from a MAGA Republican Congress member for a French fry certification pin. Yes, a MAGA Republican Congress member awarded Donald Trump a French fry certification pin.


And Donald Trump used that moment to try to gain votes and had the entire highway basically shut down for his arrival. Let me just show you what went down. I'm gonna show you the responses by North Carolina residents, but here was Donald Trump at this disaster area. You can see the MAGA Republican Congress member Chuck Edwards, giving him a pin, giving him an award for the bogus McDonald's stunt that we expose the day before. Here, watch this Offered, because you know, I also own McDonald's restaurants I. Know that you perfected your skills behind the counter a day or so ago, and it was my honor to present President Trump with the French Fry certification pen.


So thank you so much for being here. Thank you very much. God bless you. That's nice. Thank you. Thank you. Now more on that in a moment. Here's the article we wrote on midas news.com and on our substack midas plus.com. Trump caused traffic jams for Asheville residents. Trump's snarl traffic in a hurricane disaster area to show off his new McDonald's pin. So you see here, the Trump campaign was boasting about the size of their motorcade on the highway at real Donald Trump and route to tour storm damage. Well, here's what it looked like when Donald Trump, if you would've turned the camera the other way.


A massive traffic jam. This is now going viral all over Reddit and all over the web. Here is what happens when a heartless narcissist is more interested in a photo op. Then the region's need. Let's take a look at some of these comments. Here's an individual who goes Asheville resident here to explain how pissed off the whole city is right now since Trump closed down our busiest highways during the middle of a Monday. This is the last thing we needed. I have now heard from multiple people who were unable to make it to doctor's appointments, potable water distribution sites, or lost transportation options for the day.


Because of this, it's always about him and him. Only hope traffic gets back open as he exits. And as part of that publicity stunt he did in the Asheville Swano area, he or Donald Trump says that it's really hard for him to even be doing this and he should be at a beautiful beach. But instead he's there at this PR stunt. But he could be at a beautiful beach 'cause he's so rich. He says, here, play this clip. Well, I've gone 52 days without a day off, which all of these people would respect. But they do it the same 'cause they just like we're called workers, right? We're workers.


For better or worse we're workers. I don't know if it's the best thing. We didn't. We didn't have to be a lot of 'em. Didn't have to be. I didn't have to be. I could have been on a beautiful beach. Let's take a look at some of the comments right here. 26. The highway is so bad on the south side of Hendersonville Road. It's locked all the way to exit 44 to Fletcher Ingles. That's over three miles. The worst traffic I've ever seen here. All that for a dork. To get stroked off by his cult followers at a photo op and repeat the same FEMA lies. We have been staying off the roads, but had an appointment. We had to abandon it less than 10 minutes from home and it took almost two hours to reroute just To.


get back home. I kept wondering what would happen if an ambulance had To get through. Disgusting. My friends were, these are more people riding. My friends were stuck in traffic while they were headed to a meeting to speak to insurance about their house that was destroyed. Another person goes, I was visiting Pennsylvania a week before last when he did the same thing in Scranton. Another person from the Asheville area goes, he's such a POS. Let's clog traffic in an area freshly devastated, where the roads and gas are still an issue. What's in this? Someone else goes. What's ironic is he even mentioned during the presser that he wanted to come immediately after the storm, but didn't get in the way.


Well, he's in the way now. by the way. He was in the way immediately after and he criticized and attacked and had Fox go and attacked Vice President, Kamala Harris for why wasn't she there right away? Why wasn't President Biden there right away? 'cause that's some of the worst things you can do in an area that's being devastated by making yourself the story, by doing a PR stunt and bringing all of the secret service resources and preventing emergency aid and first responders from doing their job like Donald Trump did here. Here someone from Asheville goes. My friends were stuck in traffic while they were headed to a meeting to speak to insurance about their house that was destroyed.


Someone else goes, I literally was late for work this morning because of it. And I always give myself an extra 30 minutes. It's awful. I hate it. Someone else goes, this is exactly what I was talking about the other day. He doesn't give two shits about Asheville. This is just another gimmick to make him look better than he is. Just like the fake McDonald's shift. None of this is to benefit the city. It just will cost the city tens of thousands of dollars to stroke his narcissistic ego. He has always been an unfit leader, but his rampant dementia has been unfold. Display. He is on the downward spiral, but people use him to justify their hate and insecurities. He's disgusting. Someone else goes.


My dad has been volunteering at a supply distribution area in Black Mountain and said a woman drove all the way from Old Fort to either drop off or pick up supplies, I'm not sure. And she had to go out of her way. To, get off a different exit and sit in traffic forever. Just To get there. Apparently multiple people had a hard time getting the supplies they needed over there because of it. He's such a low life scumbag. It makes me ill another person from the area. It took me three hours to go to an appointment and get back home. We also needed to do a supply run, but had to wait for all the traffic to die down. So chaotic. Another comment, the shit bird had the airport blocked off and it took 40 minutes.


To get to work. It would've been 15 to 20 minutes. Someone else goes, I'm out of the office because of flood damage and had to cancel an afternoon house call today because of the Trump traffic. This would've been my first income since Hurricane Helene. Matt Metcalf goes, my mom called me a few minutes ago asking why the only way To get in and out of her side of town was in complete gridlock. Traffic is an absolute mess in Asheville right now. Trump would have stayed away, should have stayed away, but his egomania wouldn't allow it. He had to make this about him. Brady Milligan goes my hatred for Trump. It's indescribable. Stay the F out of our towns. He literally was showing off his french fry pin in front of what's left of Soo, like a deranged toddler.


Please, I beg everyone to end this madness on November 5th. And then someone goes, was totally worth it for him to show off his french fry certification. Move aside peasants. Wow, wow, wow.


Today's modern diet makes it hard to avoid extra sugar. It's in just about everything. And let's be honest, most of us aren't eating enough fiber. That's where sugar to fiber comes in. Built by PhD microbiologists at ZBiotics. This product is designed to help your body turn some of that extra sugar into a beneficial prebiotic fiber called leaven. Here's how it works. Sugar to fiber produces an enzyme called leaven socra that breaks down sugar into its building blocks, and then it stacks those blocks together to make fiber. By drinking sugar to fiber every day. You're giving your microbiome more of what it needs, fiber and less of what it doesn't like extra sugar. This leads to a more balanced microbiome, which is key to maintaining a healthy gut. I started using sugar to fiber because I wanted an easy way to boost my fiber intake without having to completely change what I eat. And I love the fact that it's using extra sugar. I'm already consuming and turning it into something beneficial. I usually add it to my morning smoothly and it's nice knowing I'm supporting my gut health with just one simple step. Sugar to Fiber is the newest product from ZBiotics, but they also offer a pre-cool probiotic to help with those rough mornings. After a night out. Head over to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use the code Midas at checkout. That's MEI ds for 15% off any ZBiotics probiotics. Plus they have a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Thank you to ZBiotics for sponsoring this episode.


One of the things that Donald Trump does when he goes to these areas too, as he lands, is he waves to nobody. And he pretends in the videos that there's a crowd assembled. 'cause it all is a fraud. Let me show you right here. This is Trump with his signature wave to nobody camera as he went into North Carolina and Retc on the Asheville area that needed To, get supplies to people that he was blocking. Play this clip. And by the way, you can see right here, and our editor in chief Ron Kowski made this montage of this is what he does.


He goes around, he does these stunts, he waves to nobody and then pretends that they are people there. Meanwhile, he's wrecking people's lives quite literally throughout the day. Play the clip. So this is really who Donald Trump chose as his running mate. Drop The beat. I'm a never Trump guy. I'm a never Trump guy. I'm a never Trump guy. I never liked him. I'm a Nevertrump guy. I'm a nevertrump guy. I'm a never Trump guy. I never, I'm, I'm, I'm a Nevertrump guy. I never, I'm a, I'm, I'm a Nevertrump guy. I never, I'm, I'm, I'm a nevertrump guy. I never. I'm a I. I'm a Nevertrump guy. I I a I'm, I'm a Nevertrump guy. I I'm Aman, I'm, I'm a never Trump guy. I never, I'm a, I'm, I'm a never Trump guy.


Never. I'm a I. I'm a never Trump guy. I'm a I'm, I'm a never Trump guy. Never. I'm a, I'm, I'm a never Trump guy. I never. I'm a, I'm, I'm a never Trump guy. I never. I'm a, I'm, I'm a never Trump guy. I never, I'm a, I'm, I'm a never Trump guy. I never. I'm a, I'm, I'm a never Trump guy. I never, I'm a, I'm, I'm a never Trump guy ever. On the other hand, take a look at the cover of the Arizona Republic, vice President. Kamala. Harris calls for bipartisanship. He or she is talking about Donald trump's unhinged behavior lately and let's just call it what it is, dementia like symptoms that we're observing. In my opinion, here's what Vice President, Kamala Harris has to say. Play the clip. He's becoming increasingly unstable and unhinged and it requires that response.


I think the American people are seeing it, witnessing it in real time. And we must take note of the fact that this is an individual who wants to be president of the United States. And I think the American people deserve better than someone who actually seems to be unstable. Madam, Thank you mad. And here, when Donald Trump did that PR stunt, what was he doing there as well? Well, he was attacking FEMA with more lies. When he was asked a question about his supporters attempting to kill FEMA workers such that FEMA workers had to be in hiding Donald Trump said, great. It is good that my people are telling FEMA how they feel about them.


Here play this clip. President Trump, President Trump, a armed gunman was arrested, charged of making threats against FEMA workers two Saturdays ago. FEMA had a safety standout because of credible threats. Is it helping the recovery up in North Carolina to keep making these claims that FEMA's not doing their job Well? I think you have to let people know how they're doing. If they were doing a great job. I think we should say that too, because I think they should be rewarded. But if they're not doing, does that mean that if they're doing a poor job, we're supposed to not say it. These people are entitled to say it. And these are honest people behind this. If FEMA were doing well, they would be saying they did a good job. They're not, for the most part political people, for the most part.


They're not political people. But you've obviously seen nothing but you know, very bad statements coming out about the job that FEMA and this administration has done having to do with this area. North Carolina as a whole. And by the way, other states also, they're also complaining. But look, a lot of the money is gone. They don't have any money. They have to have, they have to have a meeting in Washington, a special meeting in Washington. To get money, it's all gone. They've spent it on illegal migrants. Many of them are murderers. Many of them are drug dealers. Many of them come out of mental institutions and insane asylums and many of them are terrorists and they spent money to bring these people into our country and they don't have money to take care of the people from North Carolina and other states.


So, you know, I think you have to be able to speak. Does that mean let's not talk about it because by doing that, they'll do a better job the next time. It's very important. Yeah. One more question. And here, as part of that stunt that shut down the highway, Donald Trump spreads more, lies about FEMA and says that their money is going, that the FEMA money is going to migrants and not to the people at North Carolina, which is 100% false. All the while that Donald Trump is actually there blocking aid to people getting in the way of people's lives there, play this clip. So that's the only thing I can say. And certainly you have all heard the same stories that we all hear that FEMA has done a very poor job.


Our fema, when we had a problem, we, we did record rescues and we, what the job that FEMA did under the Trump administration was really incredible. But they had spent, in all fairness to fema, they had spent hundreds of millions of dollars doing other things. Things that I don't think bear any relationship to this money there was, they were not supposed to be spending the money on taking in illegal migrants maybe so they could vote in the election. 'cause that's, a lot of people are saying that's why they're doing it. I don't know. I hope that's not why they're doing it. So they really didn't have any money. They don't have very much money. And now they're saying, can we have a special vote?


Let's have a special session. I'm in favor of that. But somebody has To get back to why did they spend hundreds of millions of dollars on something that they were not supposed to be spending it on? Okay. Oh yeah. And that congressman who's buy side who gave him the French fry certification pin in front of everybody, Chuck Edwards, you saw Chuck Edwards. Well, Chuck Edwards previously had to provide a statement to his constituents that Trump was lying. Nonetheless, he stood right up there with Trump. You see him there as part of that stunt because all of these MAs are of afraid of him and allow Donald Trump to spew the lies.


This is specifically what Chuck Edwards previously posted. He wrote, FEMA has not diverted di disaster response funding to the border or foreign aid disaster response efforts and individual assistance are funded through the Disaster Relief Fund, which is a dedicated fund for disaster efforts. FEMA's, non-disaster related presidents at the border has always been a major concern for me even before Hurricane Helene. I will continue to condemn their deployment of personnel to the southern border, but we must separate the two issues. FEMA is not going to run out of money. FEMA officials have repeatedly affirmed that the agency has enough money for immediate response and recovery needs over the next few months.


But he was right there with Donald Trump to give him a Kim Jong-un style french fry certification. But because Chuck Edwards talks about the border and FEMA resources going towards the border, why don't we just address that as well in this video? Because the same way Donald Trump causes chaos and havoc in Asheville, Donald Trump causes chaos and havoc in his wake wherever he goes. One of the things that we know Donald Trump has done is Donald Trump killed the bipartisan border deal because Trump wants there to be chaos. Trump and the MAGA people are what's blocking solutions at the border where President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris did a bipartisan negotiation with the right wing conservative Republican from Oklahoma, James Langford, to put forward a bill to address issues on the border.


Donald Trump ordered the MAGA Republicans to kill the bill so there could be chaos. And then Donald Trump could spread his lies and disinformation and then blame Vice President Kamala Harris as his main campaign issue. His suffering is the, his causing you to suffer is what his point is. That's what he's trying to do here. And just so you can, I can show you the receipts, please. Here's Donald Trump saying he killed the bipartisan border deal as well. Play this clip, But you give illegal taxpayer funded lawyers, so they have millions of dollars in this agreement, in this deal, which we, by the way, killed. I think we killed it. I think it's dead, but you can never say it because bad bills always come back to life because these guys make a lot of money with bad bills.


But they give millions, tens of millions of dollars. It's down there to lawyers to represent the illegal immigrants that come into our country. It's, it's not even believable. Okay? You heard it in his own words there. Okay. And here is James Langford, the Oklahoma Republican senator saying what went down and why the bipartisan border deal was killed. Play this clip. I know you're not trying to zing your colleagues, but it's your colleagues in your party, sir, who torpedoed this, who, who, who, who, who didn't get the facts right on what you just outlined was in that measure. They killed it. Ironically, not Democrats, Right? It it was, and it was painful to be able to watch it.


It got stirred up in all the presidential politics. And several of my colleagues started looking for ways after President Trump said, don't fix anything during the presidential election. It's the single biggest issue during the election. Don't resolve this, we'll resolve it next year. Quite a few of my colleagues backed up look for a reason to be able to shoot against it and then walked away. I Get that. That's a, that's a decision that everybody makes in it. My issue is we can, if we're pursuing everything, we very often end up with nothing. If we're pursuing someone coming later to fix it later seems to never come when we have a moment to fix things, we should fix as many things as we can then, then come back later and fix the rest. That's on Donald Trump Senator That again, he's, he's got an office that he's running for.


He is got a campaign that he's running. I'm already in office. I've got a responsibility to be able to carry on this. So it's just important that you know, these magos run around the country and they cause the problems. They are the arsonists and then they think we're all stupid. And then they say, well, we're gonna be the firefighters and they're the ones causing the problem. And they rely on propaganda media to just lie about the situation. They'll vote against the infrastructure bill, but they'll be the first to claim that they're the ones who are bringing infrastructure there over and over again. That is their pattern causing our suffering and then trying to blame the other side.


That's not leadership that is quite literally traitorous and treasonous and in my opinion, criminal behavior. You saw it for yourself right there. We showed you Asheville, we showed you the bipartisan border deal. I can go into countless examples of this as well, but well, I do. That's what we do on the network every day. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Make sure you early vote. If you can early vote, do it. Call family member, friends, coworkers, cousins, nieces, nephews, uncles, grandparents, whoever. Get out there and vote. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.