
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, Guaranteed, Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's S goals with LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Be honest, when's the last time you had a homemade meal? We get it between meetings, workout classes, and the kids after school sports. Who's got time to cook? That's where HelloFresh comes in. No matter how busy you get, HelloFresh has everything you need to get an easy home-cooked meal on the table with flavor packed recipes like Parmesan, herb crusted salmon. You'll be filling your kitchen with the cozy aromas of a homemade meal in no time. So go ahead, try HelloFresh. It's homemade made easy. Learn more@hellofresh.com.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks with over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


It is trouble in paradise already among Donald Trump's oligarch tech bros who are at war with each other. So here's what went down. So this past week, Donald Trump held a press conference with Masayoshi son who runs SoftBank, Sam Altman, who runs Open AI and Larry Ellison who runs Oracle, and they announced that they were going to be intending to invest $500 billion in AI infrastructure that they call Stargate. And Donald Trump was rolling this out. Look what they're going to invest. But then Elon Musk, who now has an office in the White House, one of Donald Trump's other oligarch bros, the person closest to Donald Trump, who basically helped buy Donald Trump the election, called out the other tech bros who are competing against Elon Musk in the AI market, and he says basically, it's total fraud.


They don't have $500 billion to invest. These companies are just lying. They may as well make up that they're investing a trillion dollars because it's all bs. Then Elon Musk posted an image of a crack pipe next to crack and said, this is where they must have come up with that number, $500 billion while smoking crack. And then others in MAGA were like, whoa, Elon, you're being disrespectful to Donald Trump. And Elon's like, yeah, I don't care. I don't like those tech bros. And those tech bros don't like Elon Musk. And if Donald Trump did some basic diligence, and I know he's not capable of that, he would've found out that Elon Musk is actually suing Sam Altman for billions of dollars and hates the guy.


And all of these oligarchs are suing each other over patent violations and trademark infringement and other unfair business practices. This is why you should not invite oligarchs to run the government. They are self-interested and they're trying to enrich themselves at the expense of the American public. By the way, how about those lower prices, Donald? Where are those grocery prices are going up? Housing's not more affordable. There's not peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. By the way, Donald Trump said recently, since he was sworn in that he said, Americans don't care about inflation. He goes, that's not the big issue.


He said, Americans care about the mental institutes that people are coming in from. Excuse me, border crossings were down under President Biden and you killed President Biden's bipartisan border deal. But you want to talk about oligarchs. How about one of the things that Donald Trump is really looking to do when it comes to migrants is to help some of the oligarchs who run the private prison system to enrich those billionaires who are opening up all of these private prisons and these private police forces to help carry out bloody mass deportations. Let me just break down everything that happened. So as you know, there was the press conference that was held in the Oval Office.


You had Masayoshi son, SoftBanks leader, you had Sam Altman, you had Larry Ellison, and then Donald Trump said, Sam Altman, you are the leading guy in ai. And that pissed Elon Musk off then open ai, that account, which by the way, Musk co-founded when it was a nonprofit. Musk has some points here, I'll, I'll break it down. I'll give credit where credit is due on some of these points that Musk co-founded OpenAI when it was a nonprofit, and then it became for-profit. And Musk is like, okay, well I funded this thing, gimme the money. And then Sam Altman's like, nah, it's actually mine now. And Elon Musk's like, yeah, but I was funding funding it when it was a nonprofit.


Now you're gonna be making billions of dollars. You should pay me for it. And altman's like, nah, I'm not gonna do that. So that's part of the feud in the litigation. So OpenAI goes, we are announcing the Stargate Project. The Stargate Project is a new company which intends to invest $500 billion over the next four years building new AI infrastructure for open AI in the United States. We will begin deploying a hundred billion dollars immediately this infrastructure will secure. And then it talks about all the great things that it's gonna do in the United States. By the way, notice the language that it used, which intends to invest.


That's the language Donald Trump always used when he defrauds people and defrauds the American people, right? The first time around. We intend to build these factories. We intend to have a manufacturing boom. We intend to build a factory here, which would never happen unlike President Biden, who would keep his promises. And President Biden didn't intend he actually put the money into the economy, but I guess President Biden or now former President Biden didn't give the media all of the access that they wanted to just shout questions at him in the Oval Office. So they said, that's pretty bad. We're gonna have to report negatively on this guy because we don't get the access that we think we deserve. It's pathetic, and that's why the corporate media is swirling the drain.


So anyway, open AI posts that, and then Elon Musk who's like, dude, I'm the oligarch here. What are you? Why are you chilling with Sam Altman? I'm suing this guy. Elon Musk goes, they don't actually have the money. Then he goes on to say, SoftBank has well under $10 billion secured. I have that on good authority to which Sam Altman, one of Donald Trump's other tech oligarch bros goes wrong. As you surely know, want to come visit the first site already underway? This is great for our country. I realize what is great for the country isn't always what's optimal for your company's Elon.


But in your new role, I hope y'all mostly put America first. By the way, these oligarch billionaires fighting with each other, is that really what We the people ever wanted? I know. I know I didn't. I know you didn't, but you want oligarchs fighting. No. How about lower egg prices? How about making housing more affordable? How about doing the things you actually said that you were going to do? Oh, wait. Donald Trump, the liar is a liar. The big con, the fraud, the felon does wrong. Things lies, yeah, that's what happens.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Midas Mighty saying how great Miracle made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why. It uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, miracle Made Sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. Now, these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, And that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands, and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer, than the sheets used by some five star hotel. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas. That's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C e.com/mei ds to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you, miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Then Elon Musk repost this leaked image of the research tool Open AI used to come up with their $500 billion number for Stargate, and it's a crack pipe with crack. Then Laura Loomer, one of Donald Trump's kind of closest influencers, and she hates Elon Musk. She comes out and goes, Elon, this is making a mockery of President Trump. And it's incredibly disrespectful to Donald Trump and his staff. The implication is that those who announced Stargate yesterday are smoking crack. The announcement was made by President Donald Trump on day two of his administration and the White House press conference. Trump doesn't smoke crack. Very disrespectful to open AI to Sam Altman, to Masayoshi son, and to Larry Ellison, Elon Musk.


Then post the inquisitive face emoji. How is OpenAI a closed source for maximum profit? It was started as a nonprofit with a $100 million investment from Elon Musk. And by the way, this is the lawsuit that Elon Musk filed against OpenAI amended the lawsuit to add Microsoft, one of Donald Trump's other oligarchs, bill Gates, who visited Mar-a-Lago. They're all suing each other. And all of these lawsuits were happening before the oligarchs all got the front row seats during Donald Trump's inauguration. Just let's take a look at this lawsuit that was filed by Musk against Altman, and they're fighting with each other for Donald Trump's affection.


How bizarre. Remember when I reported before the inauguration that Bezos and Musk were both at Mar-a-Lago and they were fighting for Donald Trump's affection? And people there were saying, oh, Bezos was trying to cock block Elon or the cock, something cock blocking each other. I won't use that language anymore, but it was, they were both trying to appeal for Donald Trump's love. Here's the thing I don't get to when you're a billionaire, it wasn't the whole point about being a billionaire, which by the way, maybe I'm ignorant. I don't understand why you'd need to be a billionaire or even have hundreds of millions. There's so much money it doesn't make sense to me, but perhaps I'm very naive here. But don't they call it F you money?


F you money? Well, it's not F you money if you have to kiss Donald Trump's ring and wear knee pads every time you're around him. Elon Musk, Bezos, Altman, bill Gates, but whatever. Here's the lawsuit. Ag against Sam Altman. Never before has a corporation gone from tax exempt charity to a $157 billion for profit market pal paralyzing gorgan in just eight years. Never before has it happened. Because doing so violates almost every principle of law governing economic activity. It requires lying to donors, lying to members, lying to markets, lying to regulators, and lying to the public. No amount of clever drafting nor surface of creative deal making can obscure what is happening here.


Open AI Inc. Co-founded by Musk as an independent charity, committed to safety and transparency and nurtured in its infancy. Infancy by Musk's money advice, recruiting efforts and connection is at the direction of Altman Brockman and Microsoft Fast becoming a fully for-profit subsidiary of Microsoft. And they're suing for numerous causes of action fraud violations of antitrust laws. So that's what Trump's oligarchy tech oligarchy is doing to each other. Elon Musk also reposts this from Gavin Baker. Look, Stargate, it's a great name, but the $500 billion is a ridiculous number and no one should take it seriously unless SoftBank is going to sell all of their baba and arm.


Baba refers to Alibaba stock and a RM is another tech company that they've invested in. SoftBank has about $38 billion in cash, $142 billion in debt and generates three-ish billion in cashflow per BBG. They own $143 billion in arm and $18 billion in Alibaba. If they start selling arm, their stake will be much, will be worth much less. Very quickly. Oracle has $11 billion in cash and $88 billion in debt and generates about 10 billion in cash flow open AI is just burning cash. Nvidia will limit how much they invest in any one model company, maybe 5 billion, barring the aforementioned SoftBank arm sale.


Might be able to put together 50 billion in equity funding over several years, can obviously finance the GPUs and put debt into the jv. Nowhere close though to $500 billion. Everyone should just start issuing press releases for $1 trillion. AI projects, by the way, love it, that the ticker MGX, which is a biotech company, is up 33% on this. If you a professional investor or analyst and you took $500 billion at face value or, or even worse, wrote a note about this, you should resign in disgrace. And again, basically calling Trump and this announcement fraud.


And Elon Musk is reposting that. And it's one of the things I've always said folks, which is Trump just makes up numbers, right? The case in New York where he was found liable of fraud, it was, you know, his properties and his things were significantly high in value, but he would just make up its billions and billions and billions. He would just make up numbers and it would be fraud. That's why he was found civilly liable for fraud. And this is a form of that in my opinion, because you're saying 500 billion, you're just making up random numbers to sound big to what? So that the corporate media picks it up. But you know here, Elon, I can't believe I'm saying this.


Elon Musk is right in the sense that there's nowhere near $500 billion there. Maybe there's 10 billion at most, most dripping wet. And this is just a way that Trump's trying to say, look at all the things I'm going to do to, again, WMDU weapon of mass distraction. He knows prices aren't going down. He knows houses aren't getting more affordable. He knows that Putin is mocking him. He knows that he didn't get the peace deal he promised. He knows that all of the things he said he was gonna do, he ain't doing, other than I guess pardoning the January 6th insurrectionist and individuals engaged in terroristic behavior.


He did that pissing off the fraternal order of police on day one. But other than that, I mean, is that what the American people wanted to have? Freaking terrorists and people convicted of seditious conspiracy running free. Freaking kidding me. And again, the oligarchs sitting there at the inauguration, that to me is the lasting image of the failure of Trump to see that image there. Ugh, it was gross. And they were all making weird faces. They looked like they were tweaking out. Zuckerberg was like staring down at Bezos's wife's chest. The whole thing was gross. They could have lots of money, but they don't even have real power 'cause they're kissing the ring and they also have no class.


That's my opinion. What's yours? Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.