
We love this guy. He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no. Other than day one, Donald Trump and Nicholas Maduro, very similar people, Maduro dictator on day one when he assumed power in 2013. Donald Trump says he wants to be a dictator on day one. They use the same tactics. What's unfolding right now in Venezuela? After Nicholas Maduro lost big to Venezuela's opposition presidential candidate, ed Mundo Gonzalez, but now Maduro claims that he won fraudulently and he's doing the whole Trump thing. This shows why we can never let a dictator ever take power in the United States of America ever.


Me. Just give you a little bit of background of what's happening in Venezuela. After Chavez died, Maduro took power ruled by decree. Assume the powers of a dictator, of an autocrat quality of life in Venezuela has suffered. The people in Venezuela have been trying to remove Maduro. He's been holding on with an iron fist. There was an election that just took place. All of the exit polls showed Maduro losing by like 30 to 40 points. It wasn't even close. Then. All of the state run media in Venezuela proclaimed that Maduro was the winner. Maduro claimed that he won, and that he's not going to hand down any power.


He's not gonna transition out. He claims he's the winner. You can actually see when some of the people in his regime were posting photos. You can see even in the background on the monitors that the exit polls were showing Maduro was losing. That's also how sloppy and brazen they were. Maduro also sent his army thugs to be there when people were voting to intimidate them, to try to stop people from voting all of the things that Donald Trump said that he was going to do. Let me share with you though some of these similarities as well. Maduro said that if he did not win, there would be a bloodbath and a Civil war play.


The clip Donald Trump has says, if he said that he does not win, there will be a bloodbath and bad things will happen. Here's what Trump said. Play the clip, And you're not gonna be able to sell those guys. If I get elected now, if I don't get elected, it's gonna be a bloodbath for the whole. That's gonna be the least of it.


It's gonna be a blood bath for the country. That'll be the least of it, but they're not gonna sell those cars. They're building massive factories. A friend of mine, They use the same language of autocrats. They use the same language of authoritarians because again, they are very, very similar. Here's what Donald Trump said as recently as this past weekend, basically threatening the country that if he doesn't win, bad things are going to happen. Here, play the clip. You Don't hear those words anymore. We used to talk about the American dream. A lot of you people are in the American dream, but you're gonna be crushed if you don't elect me. I hate to tell you, you don't elect me. You're gonna be crushed. You're gonna say, Alice, what a mistake it was.


We went for a person who has no talent. She's been a failure at almost everything she's done. Instead of Trump, and look at us now, we're gonna move into an extremely small house from our beautiful house, But we, and here's Donald Trump saying it one more time again from just this past weekend. Play the clip here for You because the SEC's been very, very tough on you, and now they see that you've embraced me. All of a sudden, people that were under investigation, they're being let go. They're saying, oh no, we don't wanna do that. We love crypto. Lemme tell you, if they win this election, every one of you will be gone. They will be vicious. They will be ruthless.


They will do things that you wouldn't believe, but right now, because of me, they're leaving you alone. So please say, thank you, president Trump. Thank you very much. Now, Maduro praises of Vladimir Putin the same way Donald Trump does. Vladimir Putin gives Maduro a ton of support, and one of Putin's interests in Venezuela is to destabilize the United States of America by manipulating and creating situations in Venezuela to lead to migratory flows that ultimately create internal issues here in the United States. That's part of the way that Putin tries to interfere with the United States, create horrible situations in Venezuela, propping up a strong man, empowering the strong man to stay in power, make people's lives terrible, have Maduro cheat in these elections, people lose hope.


They are become asylum seekers. And, then there becomes a massive immigration issue. But here's what Maduro had to say about Vladimir Putin. Play the clip.


Venezuela, Putin. Venezuela Praising Vladimir Putin. Here's what Donald Trump said recently about Putin as well. Play the clip. It Never happened. Russia was not gonna attack Ukraine. As soon as I got out, they started to form along the lines, and I thought that Putin maybe will. He's a good negotiator. I thought he was gonna be doing that for negotiation purposes. Then all of a sudden they attacked and I said, what's going on Here? And here's Donald Trump praising Vladimir Putin. Kim Jong-un Xi Jinping as being on top of their game. Let me show you this clip.


Play it Xi Of China. When you see Kim Jong-un of North Korea, when you see Putin and you see all of these people, they're, they're at the top of their game, whether you like it or not, and they can't believe that this has happened to the United States. We Have now, as recently as the past 72 hours, Donald Trump said that this will be the last election. If he wins, he will fix elections so that people will no longer even vote. Donald Trump says, where do you think he's getting this from? He's getting it from Maduro, he's getting it from Putin. He's getting it from pe, from Kim Jong-un, people of that ilk who he looks up to.


This is what Donald Trump said in the past 72 hours. This should be a one front page news, but you don't see it on the front page anywhere other than here in the Midas Touch Network. Play this clip, And again, Christians get out and vote just this time. You won't have to do it anymore. Four more years. You know what? It'll be fixed. It'll be fine. You won't have to vote anymore. My beautiful Christians, I love you Christians. I'm not Christian. I love you. Get out. You gotta get out and vote in four years. You don't have to vote again. We'll have it fixed. So good. You're not gonna have to though. And look, you can see the people in Venezuela.


They want freedom. They want Maduro gun. They want Maduro out. But you have a situation there where he's also being propped up by Putin. Now, Donald Trump says he wants to be a dictator on day one. Here he is saying it. We love this guy. He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no. Other than day one. By the way, Trump frequently says he wants to be a dictator on day one. Here he is saying it again. Play the clip. When Sean Hannity the other night, I did a a town hall. He is a good guy too. He is a good guy. But he said, okay. 'cause he wanted to let you are not going to be a dictator, is that you're not? I said, no, no, Sean, I'm going to be a dictator.


I said that right? He's know it better than I do. I'm going to be a dictator for one day.


Do you want a better way to simplify finance operations for your business across expenses, vendors, payments, and accounting? If so, Ramp could be a complete game changer for you like it was for our small business. Ramp gives finance teams unprecedented control and insight into company spend. With Ramp, you're able to issue cards to every employee with limits and restrictions and automate expense reports so you can stop wasting time at the end of every month. Ramp's Accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time so you don't have to, you'll never have to chase down a receipt again, and your employees will no longer spend hours submitting expense reports. The time you'll save each month, and I can vouch for this on employee expenses, will allow you to close your books eight times faster. Ramp saves you money. Businesses that use Ramp save an average of 5% the first year. Ramp is easy to use. All of those true for us at Midas Touch get started issue virtual and physical cards, and start making payments in less than 15 minutes. Whether you have five employees or 5,000 and now get $250 when you join Ramp, just go to Ramp dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. That's Ramp, RA mp.com/midas rmp.com/midas. Cards issued by Sutton Bank and Southton Bank member FDC. Terms and conditions apply.


Even Sean Hannity called Donald Trump on the show, tried to get Trump to say, no, no, no, I'm just saying that in jest. And Trump refused to take it back here, play this clip. He said, I would be dictator for the day and just to secure the water and and drill for oil. I thought it was tongue in cheek. I was sitting there with you. However, my question is very serious. One, you know, people are claiming you want retribution. People are claiming you want. What has happened to you done to Democrats? Would you do that ever? Look, what's happened to me has never happened in this country before and it has to stop because wait a Minute, I want to hear that again.


It has to stop. Well, it does have to stop because we're not gonna have a country. And If you're elected, what does that mean to define that? Look what I've gone through. Nobody's ever gone through. I'm a very legitimate person. I built a great business. Everything's been, I have been under siege. Nobody's ever seen anything like this in this country. Now in other countries. In Also that language of threats in civil war, the most recent JD Vans or Shady Vans campaign event featured this guest speaker. This was the individual state senator from Ohio who introduced JD Vans, and he threatened, just like Maduro did Civil war here at play.


This clip. Thanks. Thanks. Fight, fight, fight. We got time. Come on. Hey, we are in the fight for the soul of our nation. We are in a fight for our kids and our grandkids. A fight that we can never imagine, I believe wholeheartedly. Donald Trump and Butler County's JD Vance are the last chance to save our country politically. I'm afraid if we lose this one, it's gonna take a civil war to save the country, and it will be saved. It's the greatest experiment in the history of mankind. And if we come down to a civil war, I'm glad we got people like Schmitty and the bikers for Trump on our side.


Here's an interview from a few months backward. Donald Trump claimed that American elections are not free and fair. And when Trump says this, when he spreads these lies about our elections here, when he undermines the integrity of our democracy, it gives license to the autocrats, like the Maduros abroad to engage in the chicanery and the fraud in their elections and America, which should always be a moral authority on elections, has that eroded when Trump and the MAGA do what they've done. Here's what Trump has said. Play the clip And you've got you. You have a country that's funneled millions to the Biden family that's gonna meddle in this election to your disadvantage.


I mean, that won't be a big story. Not that we're surprised. What Do you think about China? I think that will happen. Yeah, I think we have to swamp 'em. And I think right now we are, if you look at the polls, we're beating 'em so badly, but we have to swamp 'em. China will be involved, others will be involved too. Our elections are very unsafe. Yeah, they're not free. They're not free and fair. There's so much evidence, there's so much proof. We have it all. Nobody wants to hear about it. But if we don't have free and fair elections and strong borders, we don't have a country. Well, they, by the way, The election that Donald Trump and these MAGA whine about, it wasn't close. We're in 2024 and they're whining about the 2020 election.


That wasn't even a close race. President Biden destroyed Donald Trump in the electoral college, beat Donald Trump by millions and millions of votes as well in the popular vote. It wasn't close. There were so many states that Donald Trump lost. Trump lost all of his legal challenges. It wasn't a close call. Like we're not talking about the 2000 election of Al Gore and George W. Bush, where it was 400 votes and they were hanging. Chads we're talking about massive, massive amounts of votes.


And even like the things that Donald Trump cites like, oh, have you watched the, the Mule, the movie, the Mules, or whatever the thing is called, that company issued a retraction fox had, was sued for like a billion dollars. They had to settle for like $800 million for lying about this stuff. Judge, after Judge denied Donald Trump, yet these magos have eroded the integrity of our election here. Donald Trump. This was at the Republican National Convention, Donald, this, this, this was what, two weeks ago, three weeks ago, Trump said that he would consider holding the next three Republican national convention in Venezuela. He says, he said he would do it in Venezuela because Trump says crime is down there.


Here play this clue. Really dangerous place, but not anymore because in Venezuela crime is down 72%. In fact, if they would ever win this election, I hate to even say that we will have our next Republican convention in Venezuela because it will be safe. Our cities, our cities will be so unsafe. We won't be able, we will not be able to have it there in El Salvador. Murders are down by 70%. Why are they down And? then Trump's been giving interviews as well about how crime's been dropping in Venezuela. And. then Trump's asked like, where are you getting your stats from?


And Trump's like, oh, Maduro, I'm getting it from Maduro here, play this clip. Dude, One stat before we go, Venezuela was very crime ridden. They announced the other day, 72% reduction in crime in the last year. You know why? They moved all their criminals from Venezuela right into the good old U s a and Biden. Let 'em do it. It's a disgrace. But sir, where are those numbers coming from? I guess I get 'em from the papers in this case. I think it's a federal statement or, well, they're coming actually from Venezuela. They're coming from Venezuela. We'll have to check on that. But I wanna show you this clip right here. This is the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.


This is a guy who's devoted his life to the military, who by the way, Trump threatened to execute Millie, chairman Millie, former chairman of the Joint Chief Steph. And you may be new to the network, so you may be saying, Hey, Ben. You know, Donald Trump threatened to execute the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Steph. He did. It's undisputed. Corporate media doesn't talk about that. Trump posted about it. He put it in writing. I'll just put it up right here where he says that the conduct engaged in by Millie in other errors would be subject to treason, and the penalty would be death. That's threatening Millie's life. Here's what the outgoing chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Millie said about dictators in the United States of America.


Play this clip For a country. We don't take an oath to a tribe. We don't take an oath to a religion. We don't take an oath to a king or a queen or to a tyrant or a dictator, and we don't take an oath to a wannabe dictator. We don't take an oath to an individual. We take an oath to the Constitution and we take an oath to the idea that is America and we're willing to die to protect it. Every soldier, sailor, airmen, marine guardian, and coast guardsmen, each of us commits our very life to protect and defend that document regardless of personal price.


And if I can, I wanna read what the Human Rights Foundation has to say. The Human Rights Foundation condemns the fraudulent election results in Venezuela and calls for Nicholas Maduro to step down. The Human Rights Foundation strongly condemns. The Venezuelan authority regimes recently announced in patently fraudulent election results, giving dictator Nicholas Maduro a victory with 51.2% of the national vote. HRF considers the results announced by the Maduro controlled National Electoral Council, patently fraudulent because they directly contradict the exit poll numbers documented by the unified democratic opposition led by the illegally disqualified candidate, Maria Corina and her replacement, the Unity candidate Edmundo Gonzalez, which gave the democratic opposition candidate victory with 70% of the national vote.


The numbers published by the Machado and Gonzalez Camp based on their member scrutiny of all voting centers are largely consistent with the exit poll analysis carried out by the experienced New Jersey based polling firm. Edison Research, which has been deemed the most credible source by Wall Street Journal's, south America Bureau chief, and gave the opposition a projected win with 65% of the vote, quote, in a predictable yet outrageous move. The 25-year-old regime's electoral mouthpiece has once announced fraudulent election results, falsely claiming that the dictatorship has won. This blatant attempt to legitimize a rigged outcome is a slap in the face to the Venezuelan people and shows the degree of shamelessness the dictatorship will reach in order to maintain its illegitimate grip on power.


So that's the status of where we're at right now. But I wanted to show you those similarities right there because I think that it is striking and it deserves serious attention, serious scrutiny, and we have to contextualize it appropriately. And we'll keep you posted with more updates here in the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.