
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble Right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babbel.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck GPT. What do You know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 Plus and Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge drive fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner. I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Let me set the stage of this disastrous press conference that Donald Trump had in the United Arab Emirates. He's sitting there in a royal palace with an authoritarian regime and he's attacking the United States court system and talking about how he wants to get rid of migrants in the United States, and he's using the United Arab Emirates Royal Palace as the backdrop for it in Abu Dhabi. Here, play this clip. Well, because I built hundreds of miles of wall, which we didn't have in the first election 'cause I hadn't started that yet. But we will soon have a very safe country. We're getting people out. We need help from the courts.


The courts are trying to think that they're, they're taking privilege that they shouldn't have. That was not what the election was all about. The election was they want, they want people that shouldn't be there. People that are criminals in many cases they want 'em out. They want 'em out. We're gonna get 'em out fast. That's what you're talking about there, attacking our court system. And then while Donald Trump was with the royal family in the United Arab Emirates, he was saying the word groceries is such an interesting word. You know, it's an old fashioned word. Groceries, groceries. While Americans are suffering, you are in a palace with a royal family begging for personal gifts for you acting like you don't know the word.


Groceries here play this clip Means jobs. 'cause to me the most important jobs I want jobs and we have costs are way down. Groceries are where they have a term grocery, it's an old term, but it means basically what you're buying in food. It's a pretty accurate term, but it's an old fashioned sound. But groceries are down, costs are down, eggs are down. They were, first week they were hitting me with eggs were up 200% and now they're down to a number that is amazing. We're down 97, 90 8% from where they were. And everybody, they said, you won't have eggs for Easter. Well, we had egg. Everybody had eggs for Easter at, at a very reasonable price at the White House.


We had our little Easter egg roll and we had hundreds of thousands of eggs purchased. They said, you have to go out and buy plastic eggs. That didn't work out. So it is not a surprise when we saw the results today that the University of Michigan consumer expectations are showing that Right now, consumers have the lowest expectations are more miserable essentially than ever in the United States. His history. And believe that inflation is going to be the highest essentially ever because of crap like this. And because of his reckless behavior. I mean here, Donald Trump then says, well, we're gonna, we're still working on deals with 150 countries in, in my tariffs against the world.


But if they don't agree to deals, then I'm just gonna impose the deals myself. That's not a deal, Donald, if you're just imposing it because you're unable to negotiate things with anybody because no one wants to do business with you. And what you did with China is not a deal. You just capitulated here, play this clip. We just reached a fantastic trade deal, as You know, with the United Kingdom, which was wonderful. And we have another big one that we just reached with China. China deal, a very big deal. It's in the process of continuing to be formed, but they wanted to make that deal very badly. And we have at the same time 150 countries that wanna make a deal.


But you're not able to see that many countries. So at a certain point over the next two to three weeks, I think Scott and Howard will be sending letters out, essentially telling people it will be very fair. But we'll be telling people what they'll be paying to do business in the United States. So essentially be paying to be doing business in the United States. I guess you could say they could appeal it, but for the most part I think we're gonna be very fair. But it's not, it's not possible to meet the number of people that wanna see us. And but this was coming to UAE was very important. Coming to Saudi Arabian Qatar was very important to me because of personal relationships that I had maybe more than anything else.


Yeah. And other countries don't wanna look like what happened in the United Kingdom, either where there wasn't a deal at all, where it was actually just a benefit to Jaguar and Land Rover and Rolls Royce. And I was like, what was this? What, what is this? What is this thing right here? And then here, Donald Trump says, You know, just in his own kind of just like cognitive, declining, stewing in whatever the hell he is wearing. He's just like, there's never been anything like what's happening in the us never in the history. There's never been anything like, like actually never been anything like this here play this clip. And they, I said, just build your plant inside the United States and you have no tariffs.


And that's exactly what they're doing. And that's what many, many companies are doing. The auto companies, all of them. There's never been anything like what's happening Right now to the United States. I can tell you nothing, there's never been anything like it. We are at a level that no country has seen. I don't believe we have. I mean, every time I meet, I end, I usually increase it by about a a trillion dollars because we get news of another investment. But we're probably in the 12 to $13 trillion range of investments. And If by there's never been anything like this, you mean like the biggest disaster ever?


The biggest manufactured economic crisis? Sure. Sure. Donald, by the way, that follows Donald Trump leaving Qatar. And when Donald Trump was in Qatar, that he was saying to the troops in Qatar in Doha lying about the 2020 election saying that he won the 2020 election, which he didn't. And then talking about how he wants to potentially run again in 2028 and be a dictator. And he's doing it in front of our freaking troops here. Play this clip right here. Because as You know, we won three elections. Okay? And some people want us to do a fourth. I don't know. We'll have to think about that. You saw the new, the new hat, the hottest hat is, it says Trump 2028.


We're driving the left Crazy when you see that. We didn't need that hat, but it was, it's been an amazing period of time.


Now, I just wanted to see by the way, how this trip was being covered by sources on the left, right and center. And so the research tool I use for this is something called Ground News. Lemme just show you how it's being reported generally out there. Trump's Midea trip splashes out on deals and diplomacy, but is quiet on human rights. Now this is why I love Ground News because I can actually get like, okay, how's the left center and right? And they're all covering it wrong. That, that, that's what my research tool tells me. He's not splashing out on deals, he's failing on deals. These are fake deals. You're not making a $1.2 trillion deal with Qatar when the GDP annually is $200 billion. Okay? And yes, he is quiet on human rights. If by quiet you mean he's complicit with the regime that's funding Hamas and complicit with another regime that was funding Al-Qaeda in terms of Saudi Arabia. Yeah, you, you are complicit in terrorism is, is what we're trying to say here. So let's use the language accurately. It's, by the way, it's why I use the research tool. 'cause I'm like, okay, I know here's what I'm reporting on Midas Touch. What the heck are they reporting there? I use their feature called Blind Spot, by the way. Which tells me am I missing anything? Oh, just a, a quick shout out to Ground News who's a sponsor of ours. And if you want to use the research tools that I use, go to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code right here. We're giving our viewer sporty percent off Ground News is top tier vantage plan, which will get you unlimited access to everything I've shown you and more. One more time. Ground News slash mtn Ground News is subscriber funded, so they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias. Subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep the media transparent. Just wanted to show you the research tools that I'm using here.


Also, let's talk about what Donald Trump was doing in Qatar as well. Here. Donald Trump's, again, just like, just ranting and raving. And he like, looks like literally an orange green color here. Play this clip Time a third time. And that was 968 rallies ago. Can you believe that? We did 968 rallies. This another hat says 9 68. I said, what the hell does that mean? That's the number of rallies. I said, you have to be kidding. But from the very beginning. And we played Lee's song and it was the Walk-On. And then for the last inauguration, I had every, all the big singers, they wanted to do a song for me and they wanted to have me walk onto their song and my people.


Oh, that would be nice. That'd be nice. And when I heard about it, we were all set. We had a lot of 'em. And I heard about it. I said, I'm not Switch. Are you kidding me? I'm not switching. So we stick with Lee, but there's, nobody could have done better than Lee. And he's been so loyal and so great. And it's been really about nine years. So that stuff, and You know, we had really, honestly, we had three unbelievable campaigns and it's been, it's been an honor. And here Donald Trump kind of like mocks France in this speech. Let's play it. Remember? For World War I. 'cause we won that War ii, but think of it, I'm calling, no, we love France, right? But I think we did a little more to win the war than France did.


Do we agree? You know, I don't wanna be a wise guy, but when Hitler made his speech at the Eiffel Tower, I would say that wasn't exactly ideal. And I called up the President Macron, good guy, by the way, Duro, we are celebrating our victory over the Germans. Oh, that's wonderful. No, we don't take credit for what we do. And I said, what the hell, every country I've spoken to in the last week is celebrating the war. But us isn't that terrible? So we're gonna be doing holidays. But I said it has to be a working holiday because we, You know, you can only do so many of them.


We have a lot of holidays. I'm not so sure we should have 'em. And you don't have to go to work. Our country has to go to work. Donald Trump in Cutter talking about Pete Buttigieg riding a bike that was occupying Donald Trump's attention, apparently. Let's play it. Tree comes down also, by the way, it's so intense. The, I mean, you see these trees being knocked down, like, like they're being sawed down by a top of the line Timberman. Like, like You know who Sean Duffy? Do You know that Sean Duffy, the head of the transportation department who's working Right now in the airports and getting a system because Biden didn't do a thing for four years. And Pete Buttigieg was the head, and he goes, bicycle into work.


He takes a bicycle to work. Can you believe he's, he's running the biggest air system in the world and he takes a bicycle to work. What? A And and they say he's gonna run for president. I don't see it. Who knows, right? But I don't see it. But when I look at what they've done is so horrible, what they've done and the work they did do, they wasted billions of dollars. They tried to hook up air systems to, to copper, and they tried to hook up copper to glass. And the glass doesn't work with the copper. And they had 30,000 different contractors doing 30,000 jobs. And when they put it all together, they spent billions of dollars. It didn't even come close to working.


And we're gonna be giving out a brand new system. It's very important that we'll have the best system. And, and we think we know who that system is. But we have a lot of, Donald Trump lies and says that he speaking in Cutter and he claims that a hundred percent of ISIS is gone now. Which again, is just simply just like a simply false dance. It's just a false statement. Play this clip. You can finish it off Right now, sir. I said, well, I don't know. That's a lot. It's, You know, it's a lot of people. Well, these people are not good people, sir. These are not good people. You'll feel better about it. Well, they're not good people, but they're people, aren't they? And he goes, I said, You know what? Why don't you buzz 'em for a little while and maybe after a day or two of buzzing 'em, they'll surrender.


They don't know about surrendering, sir. Well maybe they'll raise the white flag. They don't have a white flag, sir. I said, well give it a shot anyway, he said, all we're gonna do is take a couple of bullet holes in our wings. You guys know about that, right? And I said, well, let's give it a shot. And he calls up and says, let me do the job, sir. I said, all right, do the job. And we defeated 100% of the isot caliphate in just a very short little period of time. Totally different from what I was told in Washington DC by a bunch of fricking losers. Okay, losers. Donald Trump claims that we were losing $1 trillion to China, and now we're not losing it because he had a trade embargo with China for 30 days, which is entirely false.


Let's play the clip Fund is just pay off debt. We're making, we're making a lot of money. We had, we had a situation six months ago, we were losing $5 billion a day on trade. Now we're making money on trade. Don't forget we were losing a trillion dollars to China. So we essentially went cold Turkey with China for a period of a month. Therefore we weren't losing a trillion dollars. You know, I think that's pretty simple, Scott. Right. Scott did a great job over there. They made a deal. They have great relationships with China. You Might hear Donald Trump is with the United Arab Emirates, Royal family. And he thinks that the Olympics are going to be in Queens, which are in Los Angeles.


And Queens is not very close to Los Angeles. And I mean, he, he just, just look at him. He can't even hold a conversation with these people. Like he can't even, he can't even speak in sentences. He doesn't even know where he is. Here. Play this clip To our airline. And finally, Mr. President, we just signed also the naming rights of the New York City Football Club by Oh, good. And we are spending over $800 million. So where is, Where is in Queens? Oh, good. I know the area. Well, I, It's right next to City Field. I grew up in Queens. I know the area very well. Right next to City Field. Oh, that's great. Wow. That's where they used to fix the cars and a lot of other things got fixed there.


A lot of things. That's a great site. So how many people would that hold? 25,000. 25,000. Is that primarily for soccer? It's for soccer and yeah. They'll do concerts there. Will they be using that in the Olympics? It will be available to be used. Yeah. Because it's it's prime. Yeah. You know, for some of the games, I mean, Queens, You know how it's, it's going out to the Met, but it's Prime, a state of the art stadium. You can see it. Yeah. And here's one more clip from that trip. Let's play it. I'm just thinking we have a president of the United States doing the selling. Do you think, do you think Biden would be doing it? I don't think so, but it's so important. I think I have to be a cheerleader for our country.


That's why our country's doing so well. And it's people like this at, we appreciate it. Great job at Cleveland Clinic. Say hello to Larry. I, I, I, I mean, can you get any more bizarre than that? Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. What a disaster. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.


We interrupt this program to bring you an important Wayfair message. Wayfair's got style tips for every home. This is Nicole Buyer helping you make those rooms flyer. Today's style tip when it comes to making a statement. Treat bold patterns like neutrals. Go wild. Like an untamed animal Print area rug under a rustic farmhouse table from wayfair.com. Ooh, fierce. This has been your Wayfair style tip to keep those interiors superior. Wayfair, Every style, every home.