
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP. For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders Every day.


Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create in The average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


In the final stretch of this election, Donald Trump is going city to city. Surprise, surprise, not paying his bills, insulting the cities and insulting the people in the crowd. Not to mention If you saw our earlier reporting over the weekend, Donald Trump is also stranding his crowds without transportation, apparently not booking transportation to leave the venues and trapping them all throughout the night in these locations. But take a look. Let's focus here on Donald Trump not making payments to the cities and stiffing them on the bills. 'cause when he goes in these events that he does the venues and he uses all of the local police forces for the big show of authoritarian force like he likes to do, you're supposed to pay back the cities.


Here's the NBC report out cities seek more than $750,000 in unpaid bills for Trump campaign events. Since 2016, at least four cities and a county are still waiting to be reimbursed for costs associated with local law enforcement and first responders during Trump visits. And just think about that, like, yes, $750,000 is a lot of money, but in the swing of things with the money that Donald Trump's raised and the 60, 70, 80, a hundred million dollars he's paid on legal fees. You have to wonder why not just pay the cities back? Why not pay the workers? Why not pay the contractors? Because Donald Trump is a psychopath and he gets joy.


I mean this sincerely. Clinically, he gets joy out of stiffing workers and he gets off on it screwing people off. That brings him happiness, knowing that people are suffering and they have to go to him and beg for a check. He wants people to beg so he can say no. And that's why he talks about begging like a dog, because for him it's about power. And he likes bringing people down like that. Take a look. Former president Donald Trump held a third rally last month in Erie, Pennsylvania, which sits in the northwest corner of a swing state that could decide who wins the White House. Like the two other times. Trump has been too Erie to rev up his supporters. He left without paying the bill.


City officials haven't yet tallied up what Trump campaign owes Erie for public safety costs for his most recent rally in September. But according to a city official, Trump owes the city more than $40,000 for the rallies he held there in 2018 and 2023. It's not the only city that Donald Trump owes money to. And again, he owes them money for his most recent event, including Erie for cities, and a county confirmed that they owe money. The price tag is over $750,000 reached for comment. A Trump campaign official said in a text message that questions related to local law enforcement and first responder qua. First responder costs should be directed to Secret Service.


Ask the secret. So blame the secret service for it. That's what they're doing. You have at least two municipalities seeking reimbursements said that they didn't have formal agreements, but that's what you're supposed to do. The agreement doesn't have to be formal when you use the resources, you pay it when you need an ambulance, when you need medical services, you don't go, oh, did I have a formal agreement in place before utilizing city services? No, you get a bill for those things and you've got to pay those things. It goes on to talk about some of these areas. El Paso Tech, El pa, El Paso, Texas is seeking reimbursement of more than $569,000.


You have Spokane, Washington, $65,000. You have Missoula County, Montana, at least $13,000. Mesa, Arizona, about $65,000. And by the way, I'm sure there are dozens of other cities that just didn't go on the record, but isn't unique to these, right? I'm sure every single city that Donald Trump goes to has this issue. And maybe they're just afraid to talk about it to the press or whatever. But this is systemic. This is who he is, by the way. You know who said this is who he is back in 2016 before she's missed alternative facts.


Kellyann Conway. And she says, Donald Trump. That's what he does. The guy's known for stiffing people here play the clip. He says he's for the little guy, but he's actually built a lot of his businesses on the backs of the little guy. And he's a lot of little guys through eminent domain or through not paying contractors. After you've built something little guys have, you know, suffered. And so in addition to stiffing the the cities, Donald Trump also brags about stiffing the workers and not paying the workers. For example, one of the common things we see in his speeches is he'll talk about not paying the workers. And he'll say, oh, well, you know, the microphone's not working. I'm not gonna pay you here, play the clip.


But Americans are not struggling. You know, this is the worst platform who put this stage up here? This is the worst. The fricking place is falling down. I noticed it keeps stilting further left, like too many other things. What a crappy contractor this was. No, it's true. You know, I know I'm known as being a pretty tough negotiator and sometimes I get a bad rep. A contractor does a bad job. I met a lot of great contractors that, but he does a bad job. I don't pay him. And here's a video of Donald Trump saying how he doesn't pay overtime and that he makes sure he stiffs workers on overtime pay.


Just think about this. He has people behind him who are wearing. Now we know that the people who Donald Trump dresses up in union workers for Trump, or firefighters for Trump aren't actually firefighters or unions or auto workers, at least in the recent reporting that we know of. Those people have been exposed by local media as actually not union workers and not auto workers, union workers and not firefighters. Kind of stolen valor stuff that Donald Trump's doing over, over and again. But Donald Trump will say, I will not pay overtime. I will stiff him. And he like brags about it in his speech. Here, play the clip. A lot of people don't give. I know a lot about overtime. I'd hated to give overtime.


I hated it. I'd get other people, I shouldn't say this, but I'd get other people in. I wouldn't pay. I hated. This is gonna lead to a,


Today's episode is brought to you by Ollie. Clean, fresh nutrition your dog needs in five flavors. They'll absolutely flip over. Feeding your dog real whole foods with minimal processing is one of the best choices you can make for their health. A whole fresh food diet has been proven to extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who wouldn't want more time with their best friend? Ali's recipes have no harmful fillers, no preservatives, and are made in us kitchens with ingredients sourced from trusted growers and producers around the world. And because Ali's meals are gently cooked, it don't need preservatives, it's fresh real food with protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries and fresh lamb with cranberries. Ali might just have your dog eating better than you. Here's how it works. Take a 32nd quiz about your dog on Ali's website and they'll create a customized meal plan based on your dog's specific needs. Ali then sends your dog starter box with two weeks worth of meals, plus a guide on how to transition them over. You could even choose from three meal plans that fit your dog's diet. And can I be real with you for a second? My dog mochi is the best. She's the sweetest, most playful, loving shihtzu in the world. She's also one of the most stubborn eaters in the world. And if the food I give her isn't up to her standards, she lets me know. So anytime I introduce something new to her, it's the ultimate test. Since I've been giving her Ollie, she's been licking the bowl clean. I've been giving her the chicken dish with carrots and the lamb with cranberries, and she absolutely loves it. And right now, Ali is offering an amazing deal. 60% off your first box of meals when you subscribe, just head to ali.com, tell them about your dog, and use the code Midas to get 60% off your first box. That's OLLI e.com, promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. They even offer a clean bull guarantee. So if you're not satisfied, you get your money back.


You have to wonder sometimes the pathology of a Trump supporter, you're clapping while the guy is saying that he's going to stiff you and not pay you for your hard work. And you like that. You must just like being treated like absolute crap. Let me show you though, Donald Trump's long history of not paying contractor. So here's an individual that has gone viral on TikTok and he or she talks about, someone goes, what did Trump do to you? There are thousands, thousands of stories like this here play her clip. The job passed inspection and was the only one that passed the inspection the first time every time. And once he billed Trump for the money, Trump said that he was going to give him, never heard from Trump again.


My dad tried over a course of five years to get his money back and Trump ended up trying to sue him for harassment. And that ruined my family because we ended up homeless. My mom ended up being a drug addict. She had to go into rehab. My dad could never catch his footing again. Us kids were just on our own by the time we were teenagers. And Trump never cared. He never cared. So yeah, that's what Trump did to me. And here's another story right here. Trump's screwing a lot of contractors by not paying them. Trump is a conman. His whole life here play this other story. He put so many good contractors out of business, I'm running to give back to this country, which has been so very good to me.


It was one of those things, it's like Donald Trump. You know what could go wrong? Stephen Jenkins and his sister Beth Rosser are second generation owners of Triad Building Specialties, a business built by their father. Forest. When Trump's Taj Mahal began Construction Triad, won the bid to install every toilet partition inside the casino's bathrooms. It was the largest contract their family business had ever landed. We bill A hundred, 150,000 a month. That's a really good month for us. And this was almost $300,000 in one contract. Everyone was, you know, it was a big job. It was great. But as triads workers wrapped up, the project talks started swirling that contractors weren't getting paid.


When the Taj Mahal filed for bankruptcy in 1991, triad was left with this $231,000 claim in court. They say they ended up with a payout of just $70,000. It's hard for me to talk about it, but he wanted all four of us to work. Jenkins gets emotional when he remembers how their father struggled to keep the business standing. It was distraught. It was, you know, he's, he's watching something that he built his whole life, start to slip through his fingers, A generous loan. They say saved the Pennsylvania company. He didn't go to a bank for the loan, he borrowed it off of a friend.


Here is a union worker who's talking about how he doesn't support Trump because he knows that Trump's full of crap and Trump doesn't pay people. Trump has done this to thousands of people not paying contractors, workers, dry, clean, dry cleaners, landscaping window washers here, play the Clip election year. It's a huge election. We got a polarizing figure. And Donald Trump, this guy's claims to be four to working claims, but he is never proved that. What are your thoughts on him? And you know what he's been saying about being, being for the working, working men and women in this country? No, you know, history speaks for itself. This man's never been for the working man. Okay? Or a woman there, Jimmy. So you know, when this guy was a builder in New York City, okay?


Where he cut his teeth, he ripped off every trades person that he could. He ripped off every contractor he could. He put more small businesses out than any government body would ever be able to do. And when he was a president and he was elected the first term building trades, had him come to dc, he spoke at the NAV two conference. I was there. He promised us that he was gonna be a building president. He was gonna build buildings and he was gonna use our people to build them. He told us that he was gonna have an infrastructure bill done by Tuesday. He said he was gonna help some of these pension plans be fixed by Wednesday. Well, you know what? Just like all of his other promises to his supporters, he didn't deliver to us either. Okay? So you can sit here and you can go off of passion, you can go off of promises, you can go off of broken dreams, or you can stick with who's gonna deliver.


And that's gonna be Kamala Harris. And to Joe Biden, they gave us an infrastructure bill. They gave us a chip in Science Act. They gave us the American Rescue Plan, checkbox one, two, and three. They got us working. They fixed the pension, and they want our people to go to work. Vote for your paycheck. And here's what Mark Cuban had to say about that as well. This is well known here. Play this clip. Look, here's something that just astonished me. When he was going through his trials in New York for misleading on his loan forms, right? During one of the trials, Michael Cohen got up there to testify and he testified about how Donald Trump asked him to short pay vendors. And he was proud of the fact that he did it for Mr. Trump as he called him, right?


I don't know why, but I expected, you know, how he would hold a little press, impromptu press conference after each day of, of the trial? For some reason, I thought he would come out and say, no, I never asked him to short pay vendors, right? Didn't say a word about it. Probably the worst thing you could say about a business person is he short pays his vendors. He doesn't pay what he owes. That is the ultimate arbiter of trust that you have with any business person. Do they pay you when you do work for them? Yes or no? He was proud of the fact, didn't question it at all. When you rip off hardworking Americans, you are not qualified to be president of the United States of America. Here's Donald Trump trashing the people of Detroit and saying that if Vice President Kamala Harris were to win, the country's gonna be really bad like Detroit.


And he's saying this at the Detroit Economic Club here, play this clip. I don't think anything that we're talking about today is high on her list. Every the whole country's gonna be like, you wanna know the truth? It'll be like Detroit. Our whole country will end up being like Detroit. If she's your president, you're gonna have a mess on your hands. She just, And finally, I've may have shown you this video. You may have seen it before, but this is a few minutes to this story. But, but watch as this individual tells this story about Donald Trump and how Donald Trump screwed over his friend, who ultimately unli himself because of what Donald Trump did to him. Play this clip. I own a company that works a lot of contractors, due estimates and whatnot for contractors, but other support for other folks in the industry.


But that's enough said. Anyway, what happened was, a buddy of mine that was a contractor up in New Jersey, called me up one day and said, Hey man, I got this opportunity to do this business with Trump, and it's just, it's huge. And I, I, I think I'm gonna do it. And I said, well, I, I, I get that you're gonna do it, but it, it might be in your best interest to think that through because you know, the honest truth is that dog bites. And he said, yeah, I understand, but I mean, I'm gonna write a tight contract and blah, blah, blah.


You know? So he, he takes the gig and he tells me later he's having a little bit of problems getting, getting, getting paid. Fast forward three and a half years, he still hasn't been paid his $3.5 million. He's been worn down pretty awfully. And Trump's attorneys said that they would pay him $1.2 million. And that was it. He took the $1.2 million the day that that showed up as certified funds.


He took the title to every truck he owned. He owned a pretty decent sized company. He took a bill of sale for a bunch of other equipment, generators, park welders, all kinds of stuff, ladders, you name it, G Crane. He went to another place and he sold all of that and walked out with certified funds. He went to the bank, he deposited those funds into the bank. Then he gave a list of amounts and people and companies that he needed to cut checks to, and they cut certified funds to all those individuals.


He took those checks, he went down to the post office. He individually sent every one of 'em out in the by express mail, And then he went home and he blew his brains out. That's who Donald Trump is. And this is what Donald Trump is doing. The final week or final weeks before election day, I just wanted to bring it to your attention. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.