
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


Your data is like gold to hackers and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


Donald Trump getting humiliated on Capitol Hill today and frankly this entire week getting Beatdown by some members of his own party. Not as strong as you think you are there Donald, our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, posted the following, only a bumbling, moronic, incompetent idiot would think that Matt Gates would ever be confirmed by the Senate. Oh, look, here's that idiot, Harran, Philip Kowski wrote about Donald Trump who made this post after Matt Gates withdrew his name for consideration As Attorney General Donald Trump posted the following, I greatly appreciate recent efforts of Matt Gaetz in seeking approval to be Attorney General.


He was doing very well, but at the same time did not want to be a distraction for the administration. Hmm, distraction. That's one way of saying very credible allegations of child sex trafficking being leveled against him, and then you pressuring other magar Republicans to support a potential sex trafficker in public. But I digress. Kyle Cheney wrote that per the Senate historian Matt Gaetz's eight day cabinet nomination is the third shortest in history. It is not as short though as Henry Dearborn Secretary of War nominated in 1815, which lasted one day, Matt Gaetz lasted eight days.


That's about point 73 Scaramucci turning to Capitol Hill. The humiliation hits keep on happening with Donald Trump as he not only picks unqualified and incompetent people, but people who appear to be sexual predators. That seems to be the theme right here. Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of Defense, Peter Heif was on Capitol Hill and he was being asked about a police report that was released by the Monterey Police Department about a rape victim unconscious of the nature of the act from a 2017 incident, which Hegseth claims was consensual, and the woman claims that she was raped by Hegseth.


Hegseth is a Fox Weekend host with no leadership experience to lead the Secretary of Defense and get our nuclear arsenal. But hey, when you've got Matt Gates and Tulsi Gabbard and RFK Jr and Hegseth, we're starting to see some commonality here, but it all starts at the top, or should I say the bottom, because when Trump's at the top, the depths of depravity don't really have a floor. Here's Hegseth on Capitol Hill where he says, just listen to what he says, play the clip, take Absolutely nothing for granted. And we offered him the opportunity to talk to any senator that wants to talk to us. This is did you sexually assault a woman in Monterey, California?


I have, as far as the media's concerned, I'll keep this very simple. The matter was fully investigated and I was completely clear, and that's where I'm gonna leave it. Thank you very much. Did you hear what he said there? He goes, as far as the media is concerned, that as far as the media is concerned, and then says he's completely cleared, you were not completely cleared going to Don Jr. Now, for a moment here you have Don Jr. Talking about some more Trump products that I guess they are licensing Donald Trump's name, image, and likeness to and selling here. Play this clip, Especially the mini Trump drones, you know, for kids who are gonna really appreciate it, but it's gonna be pretty cool If you guys are doing some toy shopping, check 'em out.


Wow, Trump drones. I mean, how embarrassing is this? They're selling Trump drones. They're selling Trump guitars. Did you see that? I reported on this yesterday, Donald Trump's making posts about buy your Trump guitar for $1,500. How disgraceful and embarrassing just for, for everyone, frankly. But I guess it's time for the real attorney general nominee for Donald Trump. It's Haba time. Play this clip. Sorry, I'll I'll tell you something. Somebody said to me, Alina, would you rather be, would you rather be smart or pretty?


And I said, oh, easy, pretty. I can fake being smart. I, I'm not sure if I'm joking or not there, she hasn't been formally picked, but with Donald Trump, would it shock you if he, if he picked Alina Haa? By the way, Donald Trump getting more bad news today, as he found out that one of his closest allies, a fellow insurrectionist Brazilians ex-president Jir Bolsonaro, has been indicted over his knowledge of a coup plot to kill his successor and overturn the election results in Brazil. And of course, we know Donald Trump was making video strongly supporting Bolsonaro, as was Don Jr.


And as our editor in chief Ron Phillip Kowski said, started going, you know, one of the most interesting things too is that as Donald Trump is getting embarrassed on Capitol Hill, he's also humiliating all of his fellow Republicans who he pressured and forced them. Maybe they wanted to do this, but to support child sex trafficking allegations. Just think about it before Donald Trump has even taken the oath of office again, Donald Trump had the Republicans all go out there and basically show that they were the pro sex trafficking party, pro child sex trafficking party as they were defending these allegations against Matt Gaetz. Shortly before Matt Gaetz withdrew his name. I'm just gonna, I'll show you one Republican because they're all like this, but here's MAGA Republican Warren Davidson from Ohio, and here he is trying to defend the child sex trafficking allegations.


Great job Warren. Here play this clip. I understand what you're saying about Pete h Seth, and I'm gonna follow up on that in just a second. But on Matt Gates, you know, I I, I take your point about who Trump did not, did not, he didn't like who he put in there before he wants a loyalist, but this is the chief law enforcement officer in the country, the Attorney General. Why shouldn't the American public see what is in this ethics report, especially given the, the president that I Laid out, well, knew the kind of the American people, knew the kind of mandate they were given Donald Trump when they elected him, president of the United States, and they know that the Department of Justice has been weaponized.


We've had a weaponization task force that's exposed this, and the administration needs to have a leader like Matt Gaetz who's going to drive change.


Today's episode is brought to you by Ali, the fresh whole food, nutrition your dog needs in five delicious flavors. They'll absolutely flip over. You don't have to be a veterinary nutritionist to know that feeding your dog real minimally processed foods is one of the best choices you can make for their health. In fact, studies show that a whole fresh food diet can extend your pup's life by two and a half years more time with your best friend. Yes, please. With Ollie, there are no harmful fillers, no preservatives, and everything is made in us kitchens with ingredients sourced from trusted growers and producers around the world. The time between Ali's gentle cooking process and your dog chowing down is so short. There's no need for preservatives. They've got five protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries, or my dog mochis favorite fresh lamb with cranberries. Honestly, your dog might just be eating better than you are. Here's how it works. You start by filling out Ollie's quick 32nd quiz to create a customized meal plan based on your dog's weight, activity level, and health needs. Ali crunches the numbers and recommends the right recipes and portions based on data from hundreds of thousands of dogs. They'll send your starter box with two weeks of meals and a guide to help you transition your pup gradually to their new diet. And with three meal plans, full, fresh, a fresh topper, or a mixed plan, you can customize what works best for your furry friend. Plus they've got treats and supplements to round out your dog's nutrition. Ali's biggest sale of the year, year is here for a limited time. You can get 70% off your first box plus a free bowl and storage container. Head to ali.com, fill in your dog's details and use code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to get the lowest price of the year on a personalized meal plan. This offer ends December 6th, so act now head to OLLI e.com and enter code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to get 70% off your first box.


And so as Donald Trump is making a fool of himself on Capitol Hill and in Washington DC, you've got Republicans involved in extorting each other. Marjorie Taylor Green saying to the other Republicans, If you didn't support Matt Gates, and If you are calling for Matt gats ethics report to be released, Republicans, I know all about your friendship with Epstein and people like Epstein, I know about your sexual harassment and all of your sexual assaults that are being covered up now. So maybe I should tell people about all of your Epstein stuff. Just think about that. Marjorie Taylor Green is saying, I know all about your Epstein connections Republicans and that you're all petos and predators and I'm gonna out you, or as she likes to say, if we're going to dance, let's all dance in the sunlight.


Just read what she says. For my Republican colleagues in the House and Senate, if we're going to release the ethics report and rip apart our own that Trump has appointed, then put it all out there for the American people to see. Yes, all the ethics reports and claims, including the one I filed, all your sexual harassment and assault claims that were secretly settled, paying off victims with taxpayer money, the entire Epstein files, the tapes, the recordings, the witness interviews, but not just those, there's more. Epstein wasn't, isn't the only asset, let's dance. That's what she's saying right there. By the way, Republicans have spent the entire week as well attacking the one transgender member in Congress who was just elected Congresswoman elect McBride.


And so Nancy Mac is leading this charge, MAGA Mike Johnson, the Speaker of the house banning Congresswoman McBride from using the woman's bathroom. That was their big powerful move today to bully or yesterday to bully Congresswoman McBride. But just to show you how phony these people are, this is what Magar Republican congresswoman Nancy Mace wrote in 2021. And as our editor, chief Ron Popowski wrote, the T is for transgender from this phony attention starved, anger attainment performance artist. Here's what Nancy Mace wrote, June 4th, 2021. The pandemic kept us all from fully celebrating pride here in low country in 2020, but hopefully as we finally begin to open back up, we can all come together to celebrate the challenges our LGBTQ plus has overcome and the bright future ahead hashtag pride month, hashtag pride 2021.


But now Nancy Mace is out there attacking Congresswoman McBride, but If you dare call Nancy Mace out on anything. This is how Nancy Mace responds. It's and it's gas, it's real gaslighting. She goes, I've lost almost 30 pounds in the last 12 months due to PTSD from a deeply traumatic event. So keep mocking my looks and attacking women who survived abuse and who wear that abuse on the inside and out. The raging radical lefts, bullying, death threats and words will never stop me from protecting those who are the most vulnerable. Our women and girls. And, and, and look, I mean, their bottom line though is that Nancy Mace is out there attacking the very existence of Congresswoman McBrides.


Adam Kininger says, and I think he's spot on here, the real story on Capitol Hill is the desire of GOP men to have transgender women in their bathrooms. Think about that. Okay? We're also learning about RFK Junior's, former babysitter speaking out about the times he sexually assaulted her. You've got James Comer creating a Doge subcommittee for Donald Trump, chaired by Marjorie Taylor Greene, who was just threatening to out Republicans for their Epstein connections for releasing a potential child sex trafficking report about Matt Gat.


So the and the Doge will be also led by Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy. Oh, and then you have Donald Trump's pick where he is also getting embarrassed. People aren't even talking about this one as Secretary of Education, Linda McMahon, one of the co-founders of WWE, take a look at these photos of her. This is what she is known for, I suppose. But look, Donald Trump's lies already being exposed right away. I mean, number one, he said tariffs not attacks on Americans. Of course, they are attacks on Americans. We're seeing Walmart, target, other retailers saying prices are going up, up, up, up, up because of the Trump tariffs.


That's what we have to do. People losing out on Christmas bonuses now because of Donald Trump, Donald Trump's administration, making it clear they will be targeting all Latinos. So the Latinos for Trump, who thought that they were immune. Donald Trump's going after all migrants as well as pursuing de naturalization, meaning even If you are a citizen, he is gonna try to take your citizenship away for you if he thinks that it's not the right type of citizenship. Oh, and mortgage rates are going up, up upright now. They've gone up significantly since Donald Trump won because the bond market is in chaos and panic because of Donald Trump's picks.


So mortgage rates are going up. Donald Trump said, I will very quickly get those mortgage rates to 2%. No, you're not. They're actually gone up significantly since you've been in office. So those are the facts that we're at right now. Not a good week for Donald Trump. Not a good week for the American people, but this is where we use our voices and we call him out together. Again, I don't care what political party you're from, we should look at this and be like child sex trafficking. What the Republicans are supporting child sex trafficking over and over and over. There's multiple people Trump are picking who have these sex assault allegations against them. What in the world is going on?


Let's not make this political. Let's make it about human beings. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.