
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


As Donald Trump is directing National Guard forces against Americans and threatening to send the Marines against Americans. A real international leader. President Zelinsky is speaking to Americans specifically. His audience here is really the United States Senate and the House of Representatives, and he is speaking to the international community about what's needed to actually defeat Russia. And President Zelensky is not mincing words about Donald Trump's despicable behavior. So here, president Zelensky in this interview this morning with a BC, talks about how former President Biden was about to give Ukraine 20,000 anti drone air defense missiles and that this was so important to stop the Shahad drones that come from Iran and that are being used by Putin to kill innocent Ukrainians, but that Donald Trump directed those anti drone air defense missiles to Middle East countries when Donald Trump took that trip and then got the quid pro quo 7 47 private jet for himself.


So Donald Trump took a gold-plated jet for himself and then took 20,000 anti drone air defense missiles away from Ukraine and put 'em in the Middle East where Donald Trump is building Trump hotels and Trump properties. What a despicable piece of crap he is here play this clip. Can we count it on this project? 20,000 between us, 20,000 missiles, anti Shahid missiles. It was not expensive, but it's special technology. So we counted on this 20,000 missiles today in the morning, my minister of defense told me that United States moved it to the Middle East.


You know what? I know there's some of you who don't like when I do the name calling and say you're better than that. Sometimes I just have to let you know how I'm feeling at a given piece at a, at a given p place in time. And that's just how I felt when I said that. So whatever President Zelensky then posts the following. What the Russians want is the complete destruction of life. And more than 11 years of Russia's war against Ukraine, they have brought only one new thing to our land, the most widespread Russian legacy ruins and death. We must continue resisting this. I think everyone around the world who is helping. And to me that's a subtle jab at Trump, he's not helping. The Russians are preparing to continue the war and are ignoring all peace proposals.


They must be held accountable. We are working to strengthen Ukraine's air defense. We urgently need positive signals from the United States regarding air defense systems. We are still waiting for a response to our request to purchase systems that can help. I thank the European countries for supplies. We must also achieve results in joint production of air defense systems and missiles. This is absolutely essential for our whole Europe. Only time separates us from that results. And what matters most is the shortening of that time. Back to a B, c, president Zelinsky criticizes Donald Trump for comparing Russia's invasion of Ukraine and attack on innocent Ukrainians causing mass death and casualties as something that's like two boys, two kids playing around.


President Zelensky goes, Putin is not a boy. He's not a kid. He is an evil, evil dictator who is trying to have a genocide of Ukraine here. Play this clip Trump this week, comparing it to two children fighting in a park. Sometimes you see two young children fighting like crazy. They hate each other and they're fighting in a park and you try and pull 'em apart. They don't want to be pulled. Sometimes you're better off letting them fight for a while and then pulling them apart. President Zelinsky strongly refuting that notion. We are not playing in the park with the Russians like two boys, two kids.


Putin is not a kid. Zelensky said, describing him as a maniac. So we can't compare and we cannot say, okay, let them fight for a while. Zelensky adding. And it's not about President Trump. Anyone living thousands of miles away can't fully understand the pain. Even parents who live in Ukraine cannot feel the pain of those who lost their children. The president telling the story of a man who lost his wife and three children in a missile strike who told Zelinsky every morning, I'm looking, I'm just looking for my family. I am looking everywhere in the flat. I still feel that it was a nightmare.


I go outside, I see a father who holds his little girl's hand and the girl is just like my dead daughter. I feel physical pain. I can't do anything about it. It is limitless. That's why we are not kids at the playground. Zelensky says, adding Putin is a murderer who came to the park to kill kids. It is something Zelinsky says he has tried to convey to President Trump, but the relationship between the two has been tumultuous. Just to remind you, when Donald Trump was in the Oval Office with Frederick Mertz this past week, Donald Trump said that really what we see here between Putin and Ukraine, it's like two young children fighting like crazy in a park.


It's like two, two boys playing with each other. And sometimes you just gotta let the boys fight. And Donald Trump with the Chancellor of Germany, Frederick Merris saying there, Trump was like, that's what I told Putin during our call. That's what Putin and I discussed here, play this clip. But sometimes you see two young children fighting like crazy. They hate each other and they're fighting in a park and you try and pull 'em apart. They don't want to be pulled. Sometimes you're better off letting them fight for a while and then pulling them apart. And I gave that analogy to Putin yesterday. I said, president, maybe you're gonna have to keep fighting and suffering a lot because both sides are suffering.


You Know what, I used to carry around one of those big bulky leather wallets, stuff with receipts from like five years ago, and a million of those parking garage tickets, it was falling apart, made me sit lopsided. And honestly, it was kind of embarrassing pulling it out in public. But then I found Ridge and I am obsessed. I mean, check this thing out. This thing is sleek. It holds up to 12 cards plus cash, which I like to put in this little strap right over here on the back. And it's made with premium materials like aluminum, titanium, even carbon fiber. You've got over 50 colors and styles to choose from. And yeah, I like to show mine off all the time. It's just that nice. And get this ridge wallets are RFID blocking. So you don't have to worry about digital pickpockets. Total peace of mind. Plus they come with a lifetime warranty. It's literally the last wallet you will ever need. Oh yeah. And if you're ever someone who misplaces their stuff, you could get an air tag attachment so you could track it down instantly. I mean, losing your wallet sucks. But Ridge has that figured out too. I took mine on the road with me when I traveled recently, and it was such an improvement from carrying around a bulky wallet. And right now Ridge is having a huge Father's Day sale. Get up to 40% off when you order at ridge.com/midas. Again, that's ridge.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. When you check out, let them know we sent you to support the show, whether it's for dad or for yourself. Give the upgrade that lasts a lifetime.


And again, it's just so utterly embarrassing and humiliating to have this utter fool Donald Trump in the Oval Office. I mean the, the the worst leader, the worst human being to ever be in the White House. Forget being a leader. And I'm describing everybody who's probably stepped foot in in the White House here. Donald Trump says, this is what Putin told him about. Ukraine's Drone Strike, strategic strike on Russia's Air Force capabilities degrading about 30 to 35% of Russia's strategic Air Force Fleet, 41 airplanes were destroyed. And then Donald Trump said, well, Putin says, it's not gonna be pretty.


We're gonna have to attack Ukraine pretty hard now here, play this clip. Some Additional fighting that's gonna go on. You know, he was, he attacked and they attacked pretty harshly. They went deep into Russia. And he actually told me, I mean, I I made it very clear, he said, we have no choice but to attack based on that, and it's probably not gonna be pretty. So then Zelinsky is asked this question, do you think that Trump believes that Russia is winning the war? And Zelinsky says, yeah, I know that, that's definitely what Trump believes. He says it all the time. He goes, it's not true, but Trump is under Putin's spell.


Listen to what Zelinsky says here, play this clip. Does President Trump believe that Russia is winning this war, do you think? Yes. Has he told you that? I think he, he's publicly said about it. And I know that he shared this information with some people around him. And I think this operation, and I, I said it a lot of times, it's not true. It's not a victory when you spend really spend 1 million people. What this was a powerful part of the interview where Zelinsky says, just trust me. We understand the Russians better than Americans.


We understand them better than Trump. We, we know what they're doing. Trust us. We've been the ones fighting there. We're the ones who he invaded. We know their mentality. They are bad, they are evil people. They just want death, destruction, and ruin. Stop with the both sides crap. Here's President Zelinsky, in his own words. Play this clip. President Trump told our Terry Moran in an interview, a recent interview, that he does believe Putin wants peace. You think he's wrong, But if she provides the door With all due respect to President Trump, Zelinsky says, I think it's just his personal opinion. Trust me, we understand the Russians much better, the mentality of the Russians than the Americans understand the Russians.


I know for sure he doesn't want to stop the war. Now, here was President Zelinsky reflecting on what went down in the Oval Office when Donald Trump started attacking Zelinsky and saying, you don't hold the cards. You don't hold the cards. That was Trump's plan. Bully Zelensky into surrender. That was Trump's plan. Then Trump was gonna steal the minerals from Ukraine in a mineral deal. Just grab 'em all and then give Putin the other parts of Ukraine. And that was Trump's idea. Basically, the US and Russia split Ukraine as two hegemonic powers, and Trump was then gonna do business deals with Putin and Russia.


That that was Trump's plan. But Zelinsky stood up for himself and stood up for his country. And Zelinsky stood up for the free world here, play this clip In February, that Oval office visit, spiraling out of control. You're right now not in a very good position. You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position. And it happens to be right about from The very beginning of the war. You're not in a good position. I was You don't have the cards right now with us. You start having cards. I'm not playing cards right now. You don't playing cards, Mr. You're playing cards. I'm very serious. You are gambling with the lives of millions of people you are gambling with. World War iii. We all saw that Oval Office, chaotic, disastrous meeting.


I know after that meeting you tried to repair that relationship. Tell us what it was like in the aftermath. It's quite complicated. Zelensky said you could watch it live, and it was very clear and very straightforward. I used to remind everyone, cameras don't lie. Everybody could see on their television screens. I think the result of that meeting, I was very honest and open when I said that a small country is fighting for its life against the giant with all that evil that they brought with their army and their weapons to our land.


631 Children lost their lives. He said for some those are numbers, but for me, he said, it's important that I defend my position. And I, and I was trying to do that in the Oval Office. Now here, Zelensky tells a b, c this week that his country is ready for a ceasefire. And they've always been ready. They, he said, we've agreed to an unconditional ceasefire. Putin has not played this clip. Does President Trump believe that Russia is winning this war, do you think? Yes. Has he told you that? I think he, he's publicly said about it, and I know that he shared this information with some people around him.


And I think this operation, and I, I said it a lot of times it's not true. It's not a victory when you spend really spend 1 million people. What Zelinsky wants is more pressure on Putin, much stronger sanctions, which Trump has threatened but hasn't put in place. I am convinced the president of the United States has all the powers and enough leverage, he said to unite European leaders adding, they are all looking at President Trump as a leader for the free world, a free democratic world.


And they are waiting for him. So he has to, to do it. He must. We also asked President Zelinsky about military aid from the us which could be ending. He said, without it, there is a greater chance Russia will win and Ukraine will suffer much more loss of life much more. And yet he has not given up hope. Ceasefire talks, which have gotten nowhere so far, are scheduled to resume Monday. What's Donald Trump too busy doing? I mean, he was at a UFC fight last night, and if you zoom in, many suspect that he was indeed wearing a catheter last night as well. I've seen many spec, lots of speculations about that.


And so we're, we're unsure even about, you know, what his health condition is. And, and just look at this guy though, I mean, this is what he's spending time doing as he's declaring martial law, not martial law, but as he as, as he wants to declare martial law. But as he's sending the national guard against Americans, as he's activating the Marines, again, you know, potentially activating marines against Americans, I should say, moving towards what he wants to do, which is martial law, despicable stuff. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, pads, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.