
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50, 15, 15, 15, 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment, equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees Extracts beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California, an Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


So we've now reached the point in Donald Trump's disastrous transition where the mommy of one of the key cabinet pics is saying, please give my son the nuclear codes. And I promise you, If you give him the nukes, he'll stop being an alcoholic. He'll stop drinking. Trust me, all that stuff was in the past. He's gonna be a good guy. I mean, when you really wanna know what DEI means in the mag sense, it's didn't earn it. And Trump's got the real DEI picks. We'll break it down also. We see this Doge committee, this fake agency created by Elon Musk and Vivek Ramas Swami.


They met exclusively with MAGA Republicans. Well, I don't know how you can give this Doge committee the benefit of the doubt about anything. They refuse to meet with Democrats. They just met with the Republicans and they're out there leaking. We're gonna cut the veterans benefits. Oh, we're gonna gut your education, we're gonna make you squeal. And it does seem though, right now, there is this F around and find out moment right now, which I, I don't love the F around and find out stuff because it still means people are feeling pain. And just as a human being, I don't like to see people feel pain, but I hope it's becoming increasingly obvious that all of the things that you're upset about, a lot of them are being caused by people like Donald Trump and Elon Musk and Vive Ramis Swami and their entire ilk.


Doesn't it seem like the oligarchical billionaires are like doing a victory lap in our faces and like quite literally spiking the football in our end zone, in our faces, pointing their fingers at us and laughing. I just think that we, the people aren't going to take it. And I think people are wising up now, again, a little bit too late, but it's important that we channel the energy in the right direction about all of these things that we are seeing. Also, more of Donald Trump's cabinet picks are quitting or leaving or being forced out. We saw his pick for the drug enforcement agency, the DEA, he committed the cardinal sin in maga.


There was video of him from a few years back saying that he supports pride parades where he was a sheriff in Florida. You can't do that if you're gonna go MAGA child sex trafficking allegations. A okay. But If you are ever supportive of being inclusive in a community where you're a sheriff, get outta here. It's ridiculous stuff. I shouldn't even, it's not even funny. It's like really sicko stuff, but we gotta really focus on what's going on and also want to talk about how Donald Trump is pushing our allies closer to our trade adversaries. Yeah, you know, when you threaten tariffs and you bully people, you may just start pushing people like the Mexico President Claudia Scheinbaum, to strengthen their ties to places like China.


You may actually be strengthening the Bricks block made up of Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa and, and others. When you have Russia and you have China telling the other Brix members, you can't trust the United States. They're just gonna arbitrarily hit you with tariffs. And then Donald Trump does just that. We'll talk about that and more just the Mightest Touch podcast and Ben Marcellas joined by Brett and Jordy so good to be here. And there just does feel to be with each passing day, I think a broader recognition of what's really going on here.


Like, okay, too late. But these oligarchs seem to just be kind of mocking us, like they're like spitting in our faces. Yeah, I think in a way that they almost misunderstand what kind of brought them into power right now. And I think their kind of cockiness is ultimately going to backfire on them because I think one of the big lessons that we've seen from this election and from the past few years, quite frankly, is that there is this discontent that has been brewing in the country, a discontent against elites, a discontent against those in power. And that is what helped usher Donald Trump and people like Elon Musk into these positions, even these fake positions like Elon Musk has.


But of course, the irony of that is that there is perhaps no greater representation of the Oligarchical class than Donald Trump and Elon Musk. So here they are benefiting from this anti-elitist sentiment while they themselves are the spitting image. They are the elite. They are the elite that people are fighting against. And so now they're gonna go through and they're gonna try to strip away these policies like take away people's healthcare and take away people's social security and privatize this and privatize that. And we're gonna take Doge and we're gonna take this meme coin named fake agency, and we're gonna use it to get rid of the Department of Education programs people rely upon.


And suddenly I think people are gonna be like, oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. That's actually the stuff we wanted government to be doing. There was a whole lot of stuff that we didn't want government to be doing, like I, I don't know, bribing oligarchs and, and, and getting taken advantage of by handouts to the rich. But we actually like the programs that help the people. And we actually want more of those programs that help the people. Those same programs that people like Elon and Donald Trump, the VA Ram Swami are all trying to take away. So to me, it is inevitable that at some point those two confront each other and that it causes some serious issues. And you know, we're, we're gonna have to see where that actually leads and where it ends, but we need to, that's why we need to be calling out the hypocrisy of what is going on.


And as I said a couple weeks ago on this show, the hypocrisy is staring us right in the face right now. It has never been more obvious when you see people like Donald Trump and Elon Musk with this sort of power over our government. They are the definition of the people that people in this country are fighting against right now. It is just absolutely insane. But I'm looking forward to going through all the news of the day with you guys. Jordy, what's new on your end? How You doing? Excited for today's show, brothers, Midas mighty. Great to see everybody. Yeah, it looks like we're just gonna hit this find out phase very soon. In fact, the Pittsburgh steelworkers, they've already hit that phase and it hurts my heart to even use that expression, you know, f around and, and find out, because deep down that just means that folks are hurting.


But, you know, look, this is, this is what's happening right now. And, and we can't, you know, bury our heads in the sand and we have to report on it with data and facts that we'll bring here tonight at the Maas Touch podcast. Benji, Just take a look at this. So you have Jeff Bezos doing his victory lap. He's worth $226 billion, right? And he's out there saying, look, there's a real big problem here with too many regulations that's really preventing businesses from really growing in the United States of America. Dude, you are worth $226 billion. I I just want you to watch, this is from a recent New York Times summit that he attended.


Just watch, watch what he says here, And I wanna talk about it. Let's play it. If we're talking about Trump, I think it's very interesting. I'm, I'm actually very optimistic this time around that we're gonna see, I'm very hopeful about this. His, he seems to have a lot of energy around reducing regulation and my point of view, if I can help him do that, I'm gonna help him. What About the idea that he thinks that the press is the enemy? Well, I, I, I think he, I'm gonna try to talk him outta that idea. I don't think the press is the enemy, And I don't think, you know, he, he's also, I, Okay, so what, what about the fact that he's like talking like a fascist.


He's gonna shut down your newspaper. I I, I, I'm just gonna talk, I'm gonna talk him out of it. I'm gonna talk him outta it. But look, I think I'm very optimistic. I'm hopeful. He goes, and he seems to have a lot of renewed energy in getting rid of the regulations. Like, like, let's be very clear, the structures that are in place now that President Biden tried to deconstruct the structures right now that began with Reaganomics. That's what people are pissed about, right? There was a time when CEOs would make a lot of money and it's okay. See, it's, it's a, it's a tough job. I get it. CEOs should be paid well, entrepreneurs should be paid.


Well, I get it right? But it went from like 30 times the salary of an employee to 300 times the salary, to 3000 times the salary. And we get to a point where the minimum wage doesn't grow for like 40 plus years, while the rich keep getting richer over and over again. So there are people who are struggling to pay their bills, and you have the rich buying more yachts. Five yachts isn't enough. We need 15 yachts. Really? You need 15 massive yachts, one or two private jets, Gulfstream six hundreds. You need 10 Gulfstream, six hundreds.


And just whenever there's a conversation about raising the minimum wage to being a living wage, oh my God, that's gonna destroy all the business. Dude, you gonna put us outta business? Okay, look, I'm happy to have that discussion if we wanna talk about it, but we should also then have the discussion about what about the CEO who's making $50 million. What about Elon Musk who's giving himself a pay package of $51.2 billion? What about that? What, what about the fact that workers are just getting utterly screwed? And one of their things that protected them was unions. But now you have a situation where, let's be clear, I don't care if Donald Trump appointed someone who seems to be pro-union as the labor secretary or as pro-union as you could be as a Republican.


They're going to gut the National Labor Relations Board. Don't matter who the labor secretary is, if there is no forum for you to grieve, for you to assert grievances for labor. That's the National Labor Relations Board created by FDR. Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos have been arguing before the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The whole entire national Labor relations board should simply not exist. And let's be clear, Trump's going to gut the NLRB. So when I watch like the teamsters, you know, on their social media account and Sean O'Brien, Sean O'Brien loves Mar-a-Lago, he, he loves that rubber stake at Mar-a-Lago.


He runs there, thank you Donald Trump. Thank you Donald Trump. Dude, Donald Trump's gonna destroy the teamsters, you freaking idiot. Like, what do you think Trump is going? All of these wins that they post on the Teamsters account, I feel genuinely bad because the rank and file are gonna get screwed of the Teamsters. But it's like, we won the formation of this union. We won. Where do you think You won that act? The very board that Trump wants to dismantle and watch this. And then Brett, I want to throw to you here is Elon Musk, within the past year or so talking about that he doesn't think the idea of a union should exist. And that's actually his policy.


He goes, because unions create, you can't make this stuff up a Lord versus peasant dynamic. So let's be clear, these billionaires, these Trump backed billionaires, these billionaires backing Trump, this cycle of oligarchical fascism is out there selling this. And Sean O'Brien, as a leader of the Teamsters, isn't pushing back against it. That union shouldn't exist and that unions create the Lord versus peasant dynamic. Not the actual oligarchical lords who are worth hundreds of billions of dollars, keeping people in living conditions that are below living wages in peasant like conditions.


Here play this clip. I disagree with the idea of unions, but d perhaps for a reason that is different than people may expect is, which is, I, I just don't like anything, which creates kind of a lords and peasants sort of thing. And, And I think the unions naturally try to create negativity in a company and, and create a kind of sort of lords and peasants situation. Tesla Factory workers in California are working so hard, they're passing out on the production line. Brett, did you notice too that both of those were about a year apart, but at the New York Times, same summit? That's, that's actually quite interesting. I I didn't pick up on that. That's such a genius point. You know, this week there was that ruling in the Delaware Court where the judge once again rejected Elon Musk's $56 billion shareholder package.


And I know everybody's thinking, oh, I feel so bad for him. How's he gonna, how, how's that guy gonna survive? Poor Elon, right? Well, for those who are feeling a little bad for Elon Musk in, in like the past month itself, Elon Musk's net worth has ballooned $91 billion since the election of Donald Trump. He's worth something like $353 billion, possibly more than that. You know, it, it could hover with the various stock prices of his companies and whatnot. But, you know, I I, I just think on some level, on some level, Elon Musk has kind of radicalized me a little bit, if I'm gonna be totally honest here.


Because in, in a way, I, I used to kind of think like, you know what, if, If you wanna get rich, if, If you wanna build a company, do it. Be my guest. Get as rich as as you want to get, you know, if, if that's your thing, good. Just make sure that, you know, people are taken care of. The issue is, is that those two things seemingly can't coexist. And when somebody is as rich as an Elon Musk, what we're learning now by seeing it right in front of our eyes is the fact that an Elon Musk could literally buy our entire government. He could buy influence that is actually dangerous to everything. And not to mention the fact that a lot of the issues that people have in their daily lives, And I, once again, ironically, many of the issues that kind of brought people like Donald Trump back to power and brought Elon Musk to have a seat at the table, at this seat, at the table at this new White House, are issues like housing and issues like crime and issues.


You could go through 'em all. And let me just posit this for a moment. Do you think if Elon Musk made a few less billion dollars and there was a stronger social safety net to actually support folks from falling into homelessness, you think we'd have a, a better situation in this country? Do you think we'd have less crime in this country? Do you think things would be operating better? Do you think workers would be happier? Do you think there would be more people in houses? I think we would actually have a much better country. And Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos would still be pretty darn rich, you know, but people would actually be able to survive in this country. They'd be thriving. They wouldn't have this discontent that they are having right now that we are seeing.


And once again, I'm gonna keep repeating it, that ironically led to Donald Trump, the image of the oligarch out there, the, the oligarch and Elon Musk getting them into positions of power over that discontent. It's this vicious cycle that we are seeing right now. But I think people's anger is often misdirected and it's misdirected. This is why Fox spends billions of dollars. This is why they have, what has it been, $14.92 billion that they have to spend every, every year. This is why there is so much money poured into this right-wing podcast ecosystem, because they want to be able to distract everybody with what they wanna distract people with trans issues, they wanna distract people with all this other stuff.


In order to try to divide people at that cultural level while they pick your pockets, that is exactly what's happening. 'cause they don't want you to look at Elon Musk pick in your pocket. They don't want you to look at Rupert Murdoch pick in your pocket. They want you to look at your neighbor and blame your neighbor for your situation. And this is just what we are seeing in the country right now. And to me, it's the root cause of why so many people are so pissed off at the moment. But a lot of people don't know exactly where to direct their anger at. And I'm gonna say the Democratic Party is not blameless in this. They are beholden and many people in the Democratic party are beholden to the same interest that I think that is part of the problem. But I think what Democrats who are able to, should be able to do is they should be able to divert people's anger in the right place and be able to say, listen, this guy is picking your pocket.


They are coming after your social security. You, you wanna listen to that nonsense. This is all a distraction. They are trying to steal from you. Don't you see what is happening? And as of now, that leader has not emerged, but I have a feeling that somebody will emerge in the next few years who has messaging kind of along those lines. Just building along what you were previously talking about, Brett, it's also why Elon bought Twitter for $44 billion, right? So true. You got Murdoch covering linear TV and newspapers Mag, you got, you got Murdoch doing that over there, and then you got, then you got Musk over here on Twitter on social media, just amplifying. I mean, If you open that app like it, it's just, it's all of what Brett was talking about, the most disgusting, heinous stuff all popped up right in your face.


Like the videos are, are outrageous from the violence that they show to just the utter propaganda. It, it's truly bizarre. So once you have, you know, the Murdochs and the Musks now, like buying elections through platforms, it's, it's an unbelievable thing to witness. Brett, you mentioned housing as one of the things people are very frustrated with. Why is there a housing shortage? Why is the supply of housing so down? Is it because there aren't actual houses or is it because hedge funds basically commoditized houses. These massive venture, these massive private equity firms would buy tens of thousands of houses, package them up into like financial vehicles, the same thing with mortgages, and then exclude people from basically getting access.


Because when the supply of housing is down, the cost of housing goes up really high. So then you go in and you go, I don't know, like do we need some regulation? Like should we maybe say, hey, housing should go to like people who need housing, like hardworking Americans. And that's what Bezos is saying when he's like, too much regulation, too much this, too much that, dude, you are already so rich. If you, If you had 1 billion, If you had a hundred million, who needs a hundred million dollars yet a loan three, what's he worth? 224 billion. Elon Musk is worth 300 billion. What? What? You know, so there are, I, I get it.


You wanna have a conversation about maybe some regulations overdo it in certain areas, but which area too much regulation. And I, I could now order something on Amazon and it could come like with literally with hours to my door. So whatever regulations are reeling you in too much, you're able to do a whole lot. Okay. Hey Brett, the regulations on drilling drill, baby drill. There was more drilling under Biden than under Donald Trump. America was energy independent for the first time under Biden. And now once Trump won the election, now that we're in the transition phase, you notice what the oil company's saying actually, that the supply of oils, there's too much supply.


What we actually need to do now is decrease the supply and we need to increase the demand so we could inflate the price of oil. So I know they're upset that Biden did too good of a job. Yeah, the oil industry is saying this is what they want. Now, they don't want more drill, baby drill. They want Donald Trump to shut down electric vehicles. They want to go after Elon Musk's competitors. That's what they want to do. You go into other topics, you wanna talk about the price of eggs, for example. That was the big one. The price of eggs, the price of the reason that the price of eggs were going up is there was price gouging that was taking place post covid Donald Trump mishandled Covid number one, supply lines were crap.


There was also an avian flu, which guess what? It was caused by Donald Trump. I mean, one, the avian flu was called caused by an avian flu, but it was also caused by Donald Trump stripping away a lot of the health and safety regulations that would allow for these things to be checked. So there was an avian flu that broke out. Chickens had to be killed, which reduced the amount and the quantity of eggs. So the price went up. But then corporations use that to increase their prices. Well, and by the way, the prices of eggs ain't going down. That avian flu isn't going away. So people, I, I could go through every single issue just like that, Brett, and show you how to your point, where your anger should actually be directed at.


And I think one of the biggest problems with democratic campaigning, you know, here was like, let's move forward. Let's turn the page away from Donald Trump. People are pissed right now. That's incredibly clear. People don't want to turn a page. People want to blame right now. They want to know who is, who is screwing me, who's screwing me over. And that's why the billionaires are spending billions of dollars on podcasts and entertainment of attractive people to try to convince you that it's not the billionaires who are the ones who screwed you. They want you to convince you that it's the unions and people who are literally protecting that they're the Lords.


And you are the peasants while the lords, while these people who are billion, billion dollar, 300 billionaires over and over and over again, worth more money than you could even possibly fathom. They want more and they blame the unions. Well, we've got a lot more, we got a lot more to, I want you to channel your anger in the right directions here. And it's okay. Let's blame the real people who are doing this. The Mar-a-Lago crowd that's laughing in your face, that's who's doing it. Do you wake up? Don't you see that they're treating you like you're stupid? That's what they think about you. Anyway, we got a lot more to discuss. Let's take our first quick break of the day If you wanna check out. Oh by the way, check out that poll.


It's gonna be our last day of that poll where we wanted to get your views. If you think Hunter Biden should be pardoned or should have been pardoned. It's in the description to, it's in the description to this video. And we're gonna announce on the next episode, we will announce, we'll announce the results on the next episode. And I think it's gonna shock a lot of people in the mainstream press. I'm not gonna say anything about the results until we have the full poll. And I think it's going to shock a lot of folks though in the corporate media when they see what the community feels. You could take the poll, should, should President Biden have pardoned Hunter? It's in the description to this video to check it out. Let's take our first quick break of the show.


One of the single biggest predictors of how long you'll live and how good you feel while living is your metabolic health. Now I strongly believe that you can't manage what you don't measure, and metabolic health can be difficult to measure. This is why I use levels to track my daily health metrics and habits and ultimately optimize my metabolic health levels. Helps me understand how my food and lifestyle decisions are impacting my health in the short term. I use levels to optimize my energy levels during the day and manage my weight in the long term. I'm thinking about the many chronic diseases that are directly linked to metabolic health, including diabetes, heart disease, and Alzheimer's. I use levels with a continuous glucose monitor to get my own personalized data, which I found to be really powerful to understand my own unique physiology. But you can also now use levels without a continuous glucose monitor. I never realized how much pasta could really spike my glucose until I started using levels. Levels has completely changed how and what I consume each day. The health and energy improvements I've seen since starting this journey has been a complete game Changer Levels has recently launched some exciting new features to help track your macros, protein, fiber, fat, carbohydrates, and sugar, and create daily habits around your health goals. They also provide insights based on trends in your health metrics to help guide you to make the best decisions that will have a positive impact on your health. Metabolic health is about glucose and much more and levels now helps you keep track of it all. Now is a great time to get started If you've been waiting for the right time to join levels to improve your metabolic health. Right now Levels is offering my listeners an additional two free months of the Levels Annual Membership. When you use my link levels link slash Midas, I don't know how long this offer's gonna last. So if you've been interested in learning more about your metabolic health, now is the time to get started. Levels Link slash Midas,


even If you think it's a bit overhyped, AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, it's coming and fast. But ai, it needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs spiraling out of control? It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including MGM Resorts, specialized Bikes, m fireworks ai. Right now Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to OCI for new US customers with minimum financial commitment, the offer ends 12 31 24. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at Oracle dot com slash midas. That's Oracle dot com slash midas.


Flavored air is not like vaping if Vapor was compared to sticky soda. Fume cores are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, orange vanilla, and new peach blush. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics, no vapor, no combustion fume draws flavor to your mouth and fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave. Fume is not a vape and there's no nicotine and it's not addictive. It's very important. Also, fume has non-toxic flavors. It's truly a guilt-free alternative to your bad habit. The look and feel of Fume is awesome. The design is super high quality. Fume continuously invests in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products and is backed by doctors in the US personally. My favorite flavor is the orange vanilla. I love the way it tastes. I'm truly a huge fan of Fume. So many listeners of this program have told me they've quit their bad habits with Fume. And I know it can do the same for you. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use our code Midas to get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to tri fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com, tri fume.com, and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S or scan the QR code on screen to get a free gift with your order today. Tri fume.com. Use the code Midas,


Shout out to our pro-democracy sponsors. Y'all, I'm hearing great things from the Midas Mighty about levels. So definitely If you haven't yet, check out levels. They're new to the networks And I, I could vouch for it personally. It's frigging amazing. Benji, where to next? So Republicans continue to show that they are the pro child sex trafficking party. I know I'm coming in hot right there with the commercial break, but let me just, we have to speak blunt, we gotta use plain language, right? When you cover up child sex trafficking allegations over and over again and refuse to allow people to see the allegations in a report that you prepared, it seems that you're pro child sex trafficking to me. So MAGA Republicans want to peddle in all of this Q Anon conspiracy nonsense, but they continue to cover up for Matt Gaetz, their former colleague at this point.


House Republicans tanked a Democrat led effort to force the release of the ethics committee report on former representative Matt Gaetz. You will all recall that the Ethics committee said they weren't going to release it, so Democrats put it to a vote before the entire House of Representatives to get everybody on the record. The final vote, which was whether to refer the matter out was a vote of 2 0 6 Republicans to 1 98. Just one house Republican sided with the Democrats representative Tom McClintock, every other Republican said, block our own report. This isn't like some random report, right? It's not like you know this, this is their house report that the ethics committee did with credible allegations of child sexuality.


Yeah, like cyber ninjas, Ben coming in here, right? Exactly. It's their own report that they have and they could potentially protect future victims, right? And I'll say this also, a lot of them know exactly if not most, if not all of them know exactly what is in this report and apparently realize how damning the report likely is. And they are willingly keeping that from the American people. And this is the kind of thing to me that just shows the kind of rot in our politics and 'cause this should be a unanimous thing, right? To me, this should be an easy decision. Everybody should be wanting to get this out there.


Have it see the light of day. You, you know, I think back to the crazy situation a few days ago in, in South Korea when the South Korean president declared martial law like in the middle of the night there and then their assembly got together and voted 190 to zero to reverse that. Do you think if that happened in America, that there would be a full House of Representatives vote against a Donald Trump doing the same thing? Not that we would do that here, but absolutely not. Absolutely not. We don't vote. They don't vote in tandem like that really for almost anything. There are rare exceptions here and there, but you would think exposing something like this, you would think that would be something that would be a popular thing to vote for.


But once again, they are protecting themselves. They are protecting their own body. They view this as an attack on all Republicans. And meanwhile, while they do that, Ben Laia said they are e every time something happens, like when they, when Donald Trump announced Cash Patel for the FBI, they're like, great, now we're gonna get to see the Epstein list. It's like you ignore all the Epstein information. How, how many times do we gotta tell you that you ignore all the Epstein information? Also, does anybody really think that there is a list at the FBI that's like Epstein, like associated pedophiles and it just like has a list of names? Or does Epstein have a little black book that Donald Trump is in? Or does Epstein have flight logs that Donald Trump appeared on seven times?


But I think that is kind of the list. And I would also concede the fact that that doesn't mean anybody's guilty of anything. You could be have a contact with somebody and not engage in the behavior with them 100%. But then you could dig deeper with Donald Trump. You could see what Jeffrey Epstein in his own words said about Donald Trump saying that they were best friends, best friends in the world for over a decade. You could see what Donald Trump said about Jeffrey Epstein saying that they were great friends and that Jeffrey Epstein liked girls on the younger side. You could see this whole history of things and you could go, that's pretty damning when you add up all the element, not just one little element here and there, but that's pretty damning.


But then when push comes to shove and it goes, okay, we got this child sex trafficking issue right now in our own house, literally in our own house, what are we gonna do? Are we gonna tell the people, they seem to be very, they seem to want transparency, especially around this topic. No, we're gonna, we're gonna vote against it. Meanwhile, we're gonna accuse the Democrats of engaging in this behavior and we're gonna act like coincidentally all the celebrities that we hate are all on this, this mythical list. But we're gonna ignore Donald Trump's name on all the other documents and in the voicemails and or, or voice recordings and everything. I mean, the whole thing is just so, so, so insane. Once again, just like going back to the beginning, Elon and Trump kind of being the figureheads of this oligarchical movement that is staring us right in the face.


This is an issue also that is staring us right in the face. And I feel like where's everybody to call this out in clear terms? It is maddening to me. Yeah, look, Epstein recruited the girls or some girls from Mar-a-Lago like Virginia Giuffre. She worked at Mar-a-Lago, Ghislaine Maxwell who trafficked for Epstein would identify the girls like a Virginia Giuffre who was previously homeless, who was working in Mar-a-Lago would bring her to Epstein. Then Epstein would traffick her, like just go do the research and, and you know, so, so now the second White House or whatever they're gonna call Mar-a-Lago, the winter White House was literally like one of the main locations where Epstein used to like find the girls that he trafficked like Virginia Giuffre.


Like that's horrifying. And, and just think about this and, and here's an important point too, like Democrats are the party that pushed out Al Franken, right? The senator from Wisconsin, formerly at SNL because in 2018 pictures emerged of him before he was involved in politics. Like when he was doing like an overseas trip, he did like this, it, it wasn't really all that funny, but he was trying to be funny. It's like a photo of him with like his hands still at a distant, but like over the area of where like a woman's breast was who was there. And they were having like a joke about it. Democrats forced him out, pushed him out, basically treated him as though he was like, you know, like horrific and allowed Republicans to basically take over the Senate with moves like that.


It should be noted now that I reflect back on it that a lot of the people who were loudly kind of pushing Franken out are also a lot of the people. Do you notice this? Who were attacking President Biden? It just kind of clicked. Oh huh. It's the same crew that that that always attacked Biden attack him for a pardoning hunter. It's that same kind of crew over and over and over again. The Pearl Fletcher is bad. That's the difference. Republicans all in to support hiding sex trafficking allegations. Like that's where they're at with that, right? But when it comes to Democrats, Democrats push out Al Franken and allow Republicans to then kind of take control of the Senate block block, the ability to, for Democrats to bring in Supreme Court justices, allow Republicans to, you know, stack the Supreme Court with their people.


But anyway, I I, that's one of the main differences right there. And so that's why when people are like, oh, Biden, but you did this Biden, you did that. Okay. Like Donald Trump's out there like found liable for sexual assault. The guy lies about literally everything. He made the ambassador of France, his, his daughter's father-in-law who was engaged in witness tampering by literally setting up his, setting up his brother-in-law, his wife's setting up his sister's husband with a prostitute, and then showing his sister the video so that they wouldn't testify against him in 2000. And I like, like that's, that's Trump world 34 felony counts.


That's Trump world. But you attack President Biden. Anyway, I don't want to influence you doing the poll that's in the description blue in any event, but definitely do the poll. One of Donald Trump's cabinet picks who was selected to run the DEA, actually a qualified guy, Chad Chronister, a sheriff from Hillsborough County in Florida. He dropped out, he withdrew his nomination 'cause all of the nagas were attacking him for he, he was like attending Pride parades or had a pride parade in Hillsborough County. He supported diversity, he supported equality, equality in the community. He qualifying maga where he was a sheriff, so he had to drop out. And then Donald Trump even made a statement like, his views don't reflect our views.


It's like, dude, what? You, you picked him number one. Like, did you not do the diligence when you picked him? And two, notice that that's not what they said about Gates. Like they never attacked, the republicans never attacked Gates for the child sex trafficking allegation. They just kind of allowed him to kind of bury it. But with this guy Chad Chronister, oh my God, he did a pride parade and he said he, he arrested someone who violated the Covid protocols in March of 2020. That was too much for Maga. They got rid of him. But it also kind of brings me Brett to who I wanna talk about though quickly right now. And I told this story on one of the videos I did earlier in this morning and it relates, it relates to the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, whose mother he hegseth, whose mother, Penelope Hegseth has been like calling senators on her son's behalf and like doing Fox News where Hegseth works.


And the story I told was when I was in third grade, my art teacher did not wanna hang up my artwork in the halls 'cause I would color outside of the lines or whatever. I do more abstract art. And all the other students in my class, they had their artwork hung up. I never got it. So I, my, I told my mom, I said, they wouldn't hang up my artwork, mommy. And she would say they didn't hang up your artwork. And so my mom drove to school with me, she spoke to the art teacher and she kind of yelled at the art teacher in front of me. And I, And I was so happy that I knew my mom loved me. But as a third grader, it still was a little bit embarrassing that like my mommy had to go yell at the art teacher 'cause they weren't hanging up my artwork. And I asked my mommy in third grade, I said, Hey, can you not do that anymore?


But I really, really appreciate everything that you that you did. So Pete Hegseth right now is doing the same. Did we lose? Brett did. There he is. He like dropped outta the frame for a second. He like disappeared. Brett. So Pete, so Pete, he's mommy is going on Fox and going on all of these shows right now. And she's like, I promise you, If you give my son the nuclear codes, I promise you he won't, he won't drink anymore. He won't do alcohol. Okay, stop drinking. He'll be a good boy. Okay? He may have done that in the past, I may, she called him a sexual abuser. She go, or abuser of woman is what she said.


She goes, you're an abuser of women. I wanna use their precise terms at a time where he was accused of sexually abusing women. And, and so now she's on TV and it's like so scripted as well where she's like, she's like, Donald, I wanna send you this message. And to all the women senators out there, he's a good kid. Okay, look, I, I believe in, I believe in redemption stories. Like I'm okay. Like I think people can heal. I think recovery is a serious thing. By the way, a lot of the people who still work with this, he of the guy say, this guy's like, not like in in recovery like that. They always thought still though they had issues until recently as well. But I, I believe in recovery.


I believe that people should get second chances. I believe in all of that. Sure. I don't think you then need to get the nuclear codes like you could, you still should be employed and do other, you don't need the job that literally ends the universe as we know it. Like, can you not get that fricking jump? I wanna talk about that and more. I wanna take our last quick break of the show. I wanna remind everybody about that poll. Do you think that Hunter Biden should have been pardon in that poll? It's our last day of the poll, so make sure you fill it out. Also patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch. We've been doing live zooms each week, zoom meetings with secret links with our patrons.


So it's so fun meeting you and seeing you and answering your questions. We're gonna do one next Monday. We'll put out the time in the next day or so, but join us on Monday. If you wanna meet me, Brett and Jordy patreon.com/midas touch. That's the destination where you go for our official Zoom Club meetings. Let's take our last quick break of the show.


We've all been there scrambling for that last minute gift that doesn't feel like a last minute afterthought. Well here's your solution. Trade coffee with trade. You can send a personalized coffee subscription directly to someone's inbox within minutes. It's fast, easy, and guaranteed to impress honestly, no other gift gives them something to look forward to every single morning. And I know personally because I look forward to my trade coffee every single morning. And here's the best part. A trade subscription is not just coffee. It's an experience. Every month they'll get freshly roasted coffee perfectly matched to their tastes from one of the top small batch roasters in the entire country. It's like gifting them a personal tour of the best coffee shops across the US without ever leaving home from light and bright to dark and bold trade has options for every coffee lover. Now let me tell you about my own experience with trade. I've tried roasters like equator, coffee and steady state from trade and the quality is unbelievable. The beans are roasted just days before they arrive to my door. So much fresher than anything I would grab at the store. And the variety, it is like a new adventure every shipment. Plus the convenience is unbeatable. No more overspending at the coffee shop, settling for something less than amazing or worrying that you forgot to add coffee to your last grocery list. And let's talk about gifting. A trade subscription is the perfect, practical, yet personal gift. It's the gift that keeps on giving literally every day when they brew their coffee, they will think of you. Whether they're a casual coffee drinker or a full on coffee enthusiast like me, trade makes it simple to gift something they'll love. And you know, as the resident coffee geek here at Midas, I would not give my stamp of approval to just any coffee subscription service ready to cross that last gift off your list. Trade is offering their best savings of the year on gift subscriptions right now. Head to drink trade.com/midas to send a personalized coffee subscription in minutes. That's drink trade.com/me s


Don't miss out


your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using Silver Infuse fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do now thanks to Miracle Made Sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with Miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order them today, you can save 40%. And If you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So If you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Shout out to our sponsors. I just got numerical sheets from my bedroom and my guest bedroom too, so pretty pumped about that trade. Just to let quick tangent, brothers, before we go into our next topic here, trade, let me know quick tangent that they love Bret's reeds. Like they are obsessed with Bret's reeds. So show trade, some love Brett clearly love trade. No, 'cause they, they come from, they come from the heart. Jordy, they come from the heart. They do. I mean, literally I'm very bad at checking my mailbox And I probably check my mailbox like once a week, which is not what you're supposed to do. And then I see bills that I'm probably supposed to pay like a week ago, but I I I go to the mailbox and there's like always a, always a bag of trade, like waiting for me in the mailbox. That's a great reward. I feel like I got myself a little gift.


I feel like I got myself a little gift. And then the, by the way, I too, and maybe it's a millennial, I too have a mailbox phobia. I, I don't, I'm so irresponsible. I don't like checking my mailbox. I don't know. I just, I I try to avoid it as well. I don't know is that, could have this letter up been a text. How about you? You're in the upper scale of the millennials. Do you any hard time checking your mail? Do you check your mail every day? Every day? Ben, check my mail. You said a brief tangent. I I I check my mail. It's called mail. I go out, I open the mailbox, I check my mail every day, every day I gotta walk, I gotta walk outside. It's called, it's called Adulting. And I want to talk about adulting right now because one of the things that I think, And I don't mean to transition to use you as my foils for this transition, but what I was gonna say is that in people who get the nuclear codes, I think at a bare minimum they should check their mail.


I'm just joking, Brett, at a, at a bare minimum, there should be a floor where you do not need your mommy to go on TV to say that you're not gonna drink alcohol If you get the nuclear codes. Like it, it, it is vastly humiliating to the entire country that the mommy of the Secretary of Defense pick is going on Fox and saying this here, do we have this clip? Let's play it You. But we are broken by your behavior and your lack of character. When you wrote that, what's the backstory? What was going on that made you so angry? You wanna write that?


Well, I will tell that story in a moment, but let me make two statements first and one is to President Trump. And I wanna say thank you for your belief in my son. We all believe in him. We really believe that he is not that man he was seven years ago. I'm not that mother. And I hope people will hear, hear that story today and the truth of that story. So the other thing I wanna say is I am here to tell the truth, to tell the truth to the American people and tell the truth to the senators on the hill, right? Especially our female senators. I really hope that you will not listen to the media and that you will listen to Pete.


Well It, it's, it's really humiliating. Like there's so many things there to break so bad. There's so many things. But number one, how scripted it was like she's a life coach, that's her profession. But like she clearly was trained, she rehearsed that she didn't answer the question. Even the way she looked at the whole thing was like such North Korea propaganda. I'm gonna answer that. But first I wanna say to to you Donald Trump, like she knows he watches it, right? Like she has to like make the appeal through state run propaganda. Yes. It's an audition tape, you know? Exactly. And then to all of the female senators, and she's speaking to Senator Joni Ernst right there, who she knows is the female senator who does not want him to be appointed because Ernst was in the military and this guy is kind of a disgrace and that kind of like the biggest disgrace.


He never led a military company before. The two veterans organizations, small groups that he helped run, pushed him out for all of his malfeasance, which he denies his mother. You, you wrote the letter to him saying you are an abuser of women who needs help that came from you, that didn't come from the media. That was literally your email to your son. And were not speaking about some like commission for the betterment of the arts or something. I don't know. And Donald, my son put, put him on this unpaid commission so that he can still help out. This is the secretary of Defense right now, the current person who holds it, a guy named Lloyd Austin is a retired four star general.


Someone who's got the most distinguished military career, but because he's a black man, all of the MAGA Republicans were calling the four star general a DEI hire. Could you imagine if Lloyd Austin's mom went on M-S-N-B-C or whatever network, right? And said, just want you to know my, my son's a good guy. Could you imagine the outrage that would be there? I mean, the whole thing, the whole scene right there that we're watching is dystopian. It's embarrassing. It, it is shameful. And it just shows you though when, whether it's talking about before magar Republicans justifying child sex trafficking allegations or being pro child sex trafficking allegations supporting this charade, this farcical ridiculous.


It just goes to show you there is no bottom, there is no depths to their depravity. They will go anywhere. There is no ideological framework. There isn't anything but raw unadulterated power and the subjugation of the other and the hoisting up of the billionaire oligarchy. That's it. If you're going there and you justify that and the child sex trafficking allegations of gay, this, you can't even have an ar. How am I supposed to have an argument with these people on any other issue when I know that they're there? There is no, I'm not dealing with, with people who are honest brokers of information.


And here's the thing, then Democrats put themselves, while Republicans are 0% on the purity test, don't give a shit at all. Democrats have to be 100% right. And If you fall below this purity test, If you are Al Franken, If you President Biden, whatever, we're gonna, you're gonna get cannibalized by your own party. Well now it justifies the atrocities. No, it doesn't justify the atrocities of the other group, the other group's doing the atrocities every single day. And then you are buying into the framing of these issues. You're spending your time dealing with that framing versus own the narrative.


Call Republicans out as pro child sex trafficking. Say it every single freaking day the same way for the last eight years. All we heard was, where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? Just repeat it. They're pro child sex trafficking allegations. And what is your mommy gonna come? You need your mommy to give you the nuclear weapons. Your mommy just talk like that. Mock him, right? Like, just freaking call him out. What is, what is this behavior by Democrats of like, these are layups. These are like the easiest layups in the world to call his mommy. His mommy is on tv is and Elon Musk's mommy go, their mommies go on TV to defend them.


What in the world are we watching? It's, it's weird shit. It's weird stuff. Instead we get, Elon is absolutely right. Doge sounds like an interesting opportunity to curb government spending and I'm excited to work alone. That was Bernie who said that too, by the way. Bernie. Bernie came out with a pro Elon. And look, I get Bernie is, is not for the military industrial complex who's, who's really like pro-military industrial complex, but you still need a military. But like, the moment you start Bernie by saying Elon is right, that's was Bernie's feet. Elon is right. What do you think? There's no nuance anymore in politic. No Fox is gonna run with, do you think their headline's gonna be, oh, Bernie Sanders made a very nuanced argument about defense spending.


But, but he did it as a check against Elon. Musk's other outrageous there. No, they're just gonna say, Bernie says Elon is right. That's all they're gonna clip. That's all people are gonna read. So why do you fall into that trap? Jared Polis or whatever the guy, the, the governor of Colorado, you know, RFK is right. You know, you know, he comes in and he's like, oh, I think these are RFK. That's a fascinating, a fascinating go ask the people of Samoa what it was like when RFK told them not to take vaccines. And all the surrounding islands that took the vaccines were immunized against measles. But Samoa had a measles outbreak. You wanna, you wanna do that writ large? You tell the people about herd immunity where they, which by the way, vaccines is a form of that, but the herd immunity that they want.


Let the kids die. Let people die. And then there'll be a, a, a survival of the fittest mentality. What are you talking about? Or RFK saying? Water turns people gay. You know, saying that Covid was part of some 5G experiment. You, you can't say RFK is right. You know, this is a battle of information and you're losing it because one side's playing a game and you all are like within their own matrix and you're not doing shit. You're just, you are just playing their game over and over again versus just calling out these things. It's like what we started with. Yeah. You know, you've got these billionaires saying that unions are the lords and union members are the peasants.


You think that's what it is? Or may just, maybe people like Donald Trump and Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos, maybe they're the Lords 'cause they're worth hundreds of billions of dollars and they're screwing you, making 10 bucks an hour or 15 bucks. Maybe the union's fighting to raise your wages. Maybe they're not the, and then the union guy goes to Malco with the thumbs up. It's some, it is crazy stuff. Brett and George. Yeah, And I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to dig deep and give Bernie a little bit of the benefit of the doubt and say that, gotta dig real deep. I'm gonna say that it's possible that he's trolling Elon just a little bit, knowing kind of how to play Elon and say, oh, you, you, you say you care about this stuff.


Well, I got something that you could be cutting. Here's, here's a great idea. So I'm gonna give him, I'll give him a, a, a little bit of the benefit of the doubt that that could be his strategy. But you are so spot on. 'cause I just looked it up. What do the headlines read and the headlines on every paper from, you know, all the right wing stuff and even not the right wing stuff that you go down the list on Google News right now, If you type in Elon Musk, Bernie, it's all Bernie Shocks says Elon is right. Bernie, Elon is right. Bernie shocks internet. Elon, it's just go down the whole list. And here's the thing about government spending and Doge or, or whatever it's called, right? This fake agency that really doesn't have power, but it will because he is buddy buddy with Donald Trump and he's gonna try to force his power.


There's obviously clear conflicts of interest with this entire operation, given that Elon has a lot of government contracts. And given that Elon has benefited tremendously from the government over the past few decades, I mean, Tesla would not exist. It would not have succeeded without an infusion of government cash and government loans. The same loans that right now he's trying to get rejected from other startups that are trying to break into the space. And this was the newest story today. There's a car company called Rivian. I'm sure a lot of you folks have seen Rivian on the road. I've seen quite a few. There was a, a federal loan that was approved by the Biden administration in the past couple weeks of $6.6 billion to go to Rivian to help their factories in, in the United States.


I believe they're in, I think they're in Georgia, but $6.6 billion a loan. This isn't just a giveaway of money. This is a loan. The same kinds of loans that Tesla benefited for. So today, when Vivek Ram Swami was speaking about their list of priorities of government spending to cut from once they get into office, he said that one of the highest things on their list of priorities was to claw back the money that is going to be given to Rivian. That's the kind of stuff that Doja is gonna be doing. You think they're really gonna go in and they're gonna actually look for efficiencies in the government? No, they're gonna be going like, not with a scalpel, but they're gonna be going with a sledgehammer and they're gonna be, try to get rid of full departments.


They're gonna try to get rid of any of these kind of operations that could possibly hinder Donald Trump or his friends' businesses like Elon Musk. And they're going to try to rig the system in their image. That's all this whole thing is about. But you know, I Frank frankly, I'm happy when like, you know, when they have these silly Doge committees now and, And I, And I see somebody like a Jared Moskowitz say, I'll be on it. 'cause I'm happy to have a sensible, if there's gonna be a committee in Congress, I'm happy there's gonna be a sensible voice on it to at least be a check to the Republicans. The same way we saw people like Jared Moskowitz and some of the other kind of brilliant new Democrats fighting back against the Republicans in the last Congress when they went on all these crazy, you know, side quests.


I'll, I'll, I'll call 'em during Congress. But we have to understand that, you know, do people want the government to run more efficiently? Of course. Is there a waste in the government? Of course. Do people want Elon Musk saying, okay, your social security out your Medicare done, you don't need that. We don't need that anymore. And If you look at the things that Elon Musk is saying on his own app, he's responding to things by people like Senator Mike Lee that are pushing forth the merits of taking away social security. That's the kind of content that Elon Musk is engaging with. So when he says efficiency, that's not a code word for actually making the government work better.


That's a code word for our, for our austerity. That's a code word for taking away the programs that people actually like in this country that people actually rely upon in this country. That's a code word for going after Elon Musk's competitors. That's a code word for benefiting Donald Trump's buddies in the government and attacking those people who are against Donald Trump in the business world. That's exactly what they intend to do with all of this. And even here, you know, Congress people kind of saying this out loud that, you know what, we're gonna have to look at social security. Here's Representative McCormick a a Republican speaking about this. I believe this is from Fox, just this week. Listen to this. The problem with the Democrats is they've, they've never run out of things that they can give away for free, quote unquote when you talk about a trillion dollars in debt payment, just on interest alone every year.


We can't just talk about the military though. And the military can do some things better. We can save some money just the way contract. We can be careful that we don't decrease our, our abilities 'cause China's right on our heels. However, If you talk about 75% of the budget, 75% is non-discretionary. We're gonna have to have some hard decisions. We gotta bring the Democrats in and talk about social security, Medicaid, Medicare, there's hundreds of billions of dollars to be saved and we know how to do it. We just have to have the stomach to actually take those challenges on. But we can't just talk about our discretionary budget. That's 20, that's less than 25% of our budget. We have to have some real hard discussions. Well, we talk about this all the time, Why do the hard discussions always rely upon going after the people who have the least in the country?


That's always the, we're gonna have to have some hard discussions. We're gonna have to experience some real pain folks. Remember when Elon Musk said that at his tele-town hall before the election, people in this country are gonna have to experience some real pain in order to implement Donald Trump's agenda. He said that out loud. He wasn't talking about pain for himself. He wasn't talking about pain for Vive Ram Swami, he's talking about the pain of somebody who is relying on their social security check to get by. He's speaking about the people who are relying on the VA to get their medical care. That's who he's saying need to experience pain. Not him and his buddies, but y'all, you guys are gonna have to experience some pain if we wanna get this in check. I mean, their branding is, is actually genius because they're able to convince people like, oh, of course Department of government efficiency.


They're spending too much, spending too much and, and I'm not getting enough. So you want less though. You want less. They, you want them to target the things that actually help you. And when it's explained, unfortunately, it usually doesn't get to that stage before a decision in that person's mind is made on it. I would bet nine times outta 10, those people would say, oh no, you can't cut my social security. Are you kidding me? You can't cut my VA care. You can't cut my Medicare. Absolutely not. Brett, what's the Oxford Dictionary's word of the year? It's brain rot. And there is a massive issue with brain rot. About 60% of Americans have below a sixth grade education, so a fifth grade education and reading comprehension or less.


And in one of the videos I did recently about the pro-democracy protests in the country of Georgia, I've been following that very, very carefully against the Putin regime or the pro Putin regime in Georgia that calls themself like their version of MAGA is like the dream party that's trying to move them closer to Putin and further away from Europe. And that's why you see the people rising up. And to me that seems to be almost foreshadowing what I think Washington DC is ultimately going to look like. But there's a, a video that I show of these pensioners as it's described being in this like area, in this like small room in like a little teeny tiny like concrete office space.


Everybody's wearing jackets, they're all bundled up, but they're inside because there's no heat in this office or this room that, that just looks off. Looks like an awful place to be. And then you have like one of the pro Putin people talking about how Trump's going to help Russia and how Trump's gonna go after the trans people and the military and all of these things. And you see these people in Russia who probably struggle to get a loaf of bread and they're, you know, living really difficult lives over there. And again, they, there's not even a, there's not, they don't even have heat where they are and they're all bundled up and they're shaking, but they're brain rott. They're nodding their heads as this speaker is talking about going after trans people and all of these things.


And I, I've called that the loop of autocracy or the autocracy loop and people get caught in it. It's why when you look at some of these red states that are like the lowest in education, lowest in wealth, lowest in health, lowest in all of the categories, but they keep voting against their interest. It's because they're being fed this diet of lies and disinformation and other rising and they're, and they're hurting themselves. And, and it's this brain rot, it's real, it exists. You can persuade people that they're really entitled to crumbs or to blame people who are the ones who they blame others for the fact that they're only getting crumbs versus blaming who they really should be blaming in the first place.


And so we kind of end this episode where we started here, you know, which is people need to channel their anger the right way. People are angry. We have to recognize that people are angry and pissed, okay? And sophisticated nuance and all of these things. It's great. We could write papers about it, we can have academic discussions, we can discuss them. But you have to also be very clear and direct in your messaging about what's happening. And you have to just be relentless and ruthless with the truth the same way the other side is relentless and ruthless with the lies. It, it's easy truth's on our side. Just go and tell the truth. It's not about eating cats and dogs, it's about taking your social security and Medicare and Medicaid, right?


It's not about, you know, trans people, this or that. You know, it's about oligarchs who want to think, who want to make a trillion dollars. They think 300 billion is not enough. They need a trillion dollars and they wanna take away your rights, your healthcare, your livelihood, your life. That's what we need to do. That's what we'll do every day here on the Midas Touch Network. Reminder midas plus.com, our editor in chief Ron Kowski gets out daily summaries every day. We also got some pretty cool content on midas plus.com. I think that's the number 12 Substack. So check out Midas plus Ron's recaps on Midas Plus are the best. And I amm somebody who also, I think that I'm following everything all day and somehow every time I read Ron's recaps, I'm like, I can't believe I missed so many of these stories.


Blows me away. It's, it's unbelievable. It's, I know, I know I'm biased towards our own Midas plus Substack, but it's really, it's truly like the best and quickest kind of way to catch up on all the news every day. It's, it's incredible. And then we're gonna be doing our Zoom meeting next Monday. We will release the time in the next day or so when it's gonna take place. But join patreon.com/midas touch and we're 100% independent here, right? We got zero outside investors, so no billionaires, no oligarchs pulling our strings. We're funded by those pro-democracy ads and things like the Patreon, the Substack and other things.


So join us, we wanna meet with you, patreon.com/midas touch. We'll meet with you next week. I'm excited to see you. I'll love to see in your faces and hanging out with you. Thank you for joining us on this episode. Have a great weekend. Keep checking back at the Midas Touch YouTube for all the updated videos that are loading. We've been doing a lot more deep dives lately on, on issues, and we don't even show Trump video or Trump audio anymore. So how about that? Jordy, take it away. Shout out to the Midas my day, The Midas.


Hey Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.


Attention sports enthusiasts. Keep the adrenaline pumping and elevate your game day. With Chumba Casino, it's completely free to play no purchase necessary. Whether you're cheering from the stands on the move, or relaxing at home. Chumba Casino brings the thrill of social casino directly to your fingertips. Experience the ultimate social casino adventure with reels of casino style games, offering hundreds of exciting options to choose from and fresh new releases every week. There's always something new and thrilling to explore. From action packed social slots and classic blackjack to engaging bingo and solitaire, the fun never stops. Plus, enjoy generous daily login bonuses and a fantastic free welcome bonus to kickstart your social gaming journey. Dive into the excitement, discover a world where you can play for your chance to redeem some serious prizes and have a blast along the way. Don't miss out. What are you waiting for? Join now and immerse yourself in nonstop fun and adventure with Chumba Casino. Get in on the action today@chumbacasino.com and make every day a chumba day. No VW could avoid prohibit by law 18 plus supply.