
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify. The global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash tech, all lowercase. That's Shopify dot com slash tech.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states or situations


Is turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming, except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


What was that? Donald Trump's interview on Fox moments ago. Bizarre to say the least. A total disaster is with Laura Ingraham. And Donald Trump points out on his desk that the button you see is for his Coca-Cola. It's not the nuclear codes. He says, here, play this clip. It's a Coke Button. It's right here. Everyone thinks that's the nuclear. Everyone thinks that's the nuclear weapon. Seriously? Then Donald Trump says this. Let's play it up. Going down. When we're servicing our debt to the tune of about $1.2 trillion a year, we, and they're still, they're still deficit spending in Congress. We have to. How do we Do that? We have to pay off our debt.


We have to start paying off. Look, we're very underleveraged when you look at the asset value of this country. But we're over leveraged in terms of cash flow. We're gonna have a big cash flow. We're gonna take in For years, we allowed our country to be raped and pillaged, raped and pillaged. Terrible expressions. And that's what happened. Much of it was done by our friends. Next, Donald Trump talks about the trillions of dollars that the country is going to make by selling Trump gold cards to Chinese and Russian oligarchs. Seriously play It. Let's say we sell a million of them. That's $5 trillion.


We are now a unbelievably successful country, paying down tremendous amounts of debt. It's all going to pay down debt. We're gonna have very little debt, separate funds. But if you did think of it, if you did $5 million Now, Donald Trump then says the country has been fat, dumb, and foolish looking in the mirror here, play this clip. Could Be a summit in June, which It could be. I mean, I wouldn't mind a summit, but there's gonna be something else taking place. It's called April 2nd, and that's gonna be tariffs and China will pay, and other countries will pay businesses. We've been ripped off by every country in the world, friend and foe.


And on April 2nd, I call it the Liberation of America. We've been the fat, dumb, foolish country that allowed everybody to rip us off, including our Next up. Donald Trump shows Laura Ingraham a photo of the Declaration of Independence, which he pretends is the original copy of the Declaration of Independence. It is not the actual Declaration of Independence. It's not the original, but this is what hucksters do. Play this clip. Reagan. Oh, I love Reagan. But here's what they like more than anything. So this is the Declaration of Independence. Wow.


And they, they ask that this be done. It's never been up. It's been in the vaults for many, many decades. And they said, we have to do something like drapes or something because the light eventually affects it. And it's very cool. Oh my gosh, Isn't that correct? Just went up yesterday. Wow. Think Joe Biden would do this? I don't think so. You think he'd think of it? Do you think he knows what it is? Oh, wow. No, but look at it. So, I mean, He has to lie about literally everything.


That's not the original Declaration of Independence. He's made up the whole story. Next, Donald Trump says that all of his people, they want to call the Trump Gold Card. They want to call it a gold card or the Trump card. They're trying to figure out the branding right now. Let's play this clip. It's the graduation. They'll buy these. Why should an American kid become a complete scientist? And by the, They're gonna call it either the gold card. The problem is there many gold cards. Well, I will tell you what my people want to call it. It'll drive you crazy. It'll drive the left crazy. They want to call it the Trump card because the Trump card sells much better than the gold card. Everybody has a card. So you're Not worried about any unsavory people coming in and taking Yeah, I'm worried about unsavory, in which case we're gonna, they're gonna be vetted, giving the money back, and they get out.


They'll be properly vetted. No. Oh, they're gonna be properly vetted. But you know, we are talking about a lot of people. I think it's gonna be very successful. If somebody's wrong, we get, we actually are very, very nice because it makes it a lot easier legally. We give 'em their money back and we send them out Now. So as American people are suffering now economically, as prices are not going down, as people are seeing their pensions and 4 0 1 ks and life savings disappear as Donald Trump lies about all of his promises. Should we call it the gold card for the oligarchs, or do we call it the Trump card? So ridiculous. Next. Donald Trump says that he's a nationalist, and as a nationalist, he will make sure America does less business with Europe.


Here, play this clip From somewhere. Some of it's gonna come from Europe because not everybody's gonna be doing as much business, maybe in Europe and other places. But I can only speak for the United States, and I am a nationalist, and I'm proud of it. I love this country and I wanna help other countries too. Look, then Donald Trump and Laura Ingraham walk outside of the White House, and he says that he wasn't sure about running in 2024 because he says the 2020 election was rigged. Play it. Oh, you're get, you're coming back into office when you walked outta here. Well, I felt that, but I didn't know who, Adam, let's, let me say it. I didn't know if I was going to run, because I knew how much I won that election by, but if I, if I thought I didn't win the election, I absolutely wouldn't have run.


Wow. But He's still whining about the 2020 election right now. This guy is a perpetual whiner. Next up, Donald Trump talks about how, why he's paving over the rose garden because of women's high heels who walk over the rose garden and play it After you. Are you, are you paving over the grass here? What was happening is they're supposed to have events every event you have, it's soaking wet. Yeah, it's soaking wet. And people can't, and the women with the high heels, it's just too much. Actually did the Kavanaugh Kavanaugh thing. That's that's right. Amy Coney Barrett.


And the grass just, it doesn't work. And we have a, a gorgeous stone and everything else. Okay. But you know, we use it for press conferences and it doesn't work because the people fall into the, you know, into the wet, the Rose Day, The grass Go, the roses day. No, it's a rose garden. No, all of this day is just the center section. It's gonna, I think it's gonna be beautiful. I think it's gonna be more beautiful. Look at that view over there. Did you See that?


You guys, it's possibly my favorite time of the week when I get to talk to you about coffee. My days don't start till I drink my coffee. And I'm not talking about just any coffee. You know, I don't mess with just any coffee. I'm talking about freshly roasted specialty coffee, delivered right to my door thanks to trade. Trade is the number one US specialty coffee marketplace, working with over 50 of the country's top roasters to bring you fresh, incredible coffee at grocery store prices. I took their quick coffee quiz. They matched me with the greatest bag of coffee from Columbia, from a roaster named Clutch Coffee. I could smell it before I even opened the bag. The flavor is incredible. Fruity notes, even a hint of vanilla. I'd say so good. And if you're picky about coffee Trade, makes sure that you get it right. If your first bag isn't perfect, they will replace it for free. Every bag is roasted to order. So you'll taste the difference in every sip. And right now, trade is offering our listeners 40% off your first order. Just go to drink trade.com/midas. That's drink trade.com/me IDAs for 40% off your first order, start your morning, right? With trade.


I mean, seriously, what the hell are we even watching here? Sometimes when I cover what they're doing on Fox in these Trump interviews, I think to myself, this would make Kim Jong UN's propagandist blush. Like what? Really? And it's also odd here. Laura Ingraham, I guess at least asks a somewhat normal question. Do you feel it makes sense to you to allow people like, I don't know, Russian oligarchs and Chinese oligarchs to buy American citizenship? And Trump goes, yeah, that's American first. Let's play it. Or With Canada than you are with some. Only because our biggest adversary is Lie only because it's meant to be our 51st street. And I, okay, but no, but listen to this for a second.


We Need their territory. They have territorial advantage. We're not gonna let them get close to China. Look, I deal with every country indirectly or directly. One of the nastiest countries to deal with is Canada. The people that now this was Trudeau, the people that, that good old Justin, I call him Governor Trudeau, he was, his people were nasty and they weren't telling the truth. They never told the truth. You know, that, you know, they'd say, well, we don't charge. Well, they do. They charge tremendous. They charge tremendous. And I just think to myself, like what MAGA person watches and goes, yeah, man, give those Chinese oligarchs citizenship here.


That's what we voted for America first. What? And then Donald Trump talks about, he can tell by looking at the people who's going to be trouble, who the people who show up in the country unchecked and vetted. He goes, you just look at them, you can profile them and you can tell which ones are gonna be trouble. Play this clip. Nobody has any idea. We had people pouring through our country totally unchecked, totally unvetted. You could look at them and say, this is gonna be trouble. And Yeah, you see, that's why we need due process. That's why we have a due process so that Donald Trump doesn't look at people who have a different color skin than him and go, oh, that person's trouble.


So I guess we're gonna send them to concentration camps in El Salvador. And you can't challenge it. And it's, and I'm declaring a war with Venezuela that doesn't exist. So I can declare war powers, and you can question me. That's what Trump's saying and doing. Look, I think there should be, do call me old fashioned. I believe in due process. I believe if someone's committed a crime, they should pay the penalty for the crime. I'm a strong believer in law and order. Well then show me the crime. Just prove it. Show the evidence, right? We're, that's what a country of law and order is. Donald Trump's then asked if we're gonna have a recession in 2025, to which Trump says we have the strongest country in the history of the planet.


Let's play it. 71%. Yeah. Well, we see A recession in 2025. Are you ruling it out? We're gonna have the strongest economic country in the history of the world, of the planet we are taking. After that bizarre press conference, you then have Howard Lutnick, Donald Trump's commerce Secretary goes on the state regime, media known as Fox. And he says, you need to buy Tesla. You need to buy Tesla stock right now. Play It to build the next generation technology. I think if you wanna learn something on this show tonight, buy Tesla. It's unbelievable that this guy's stock is this cheap. It'll never be this cheap again.


When people understand the things he's building, the robots he's building, the technology he's building, people are gonna be dreaming of today. And Jesse Waters them thinking, gosh, I should have bought Elon Musk's stock. I mean, who wouldn't invest in Elon Musk? You gotta be kidding. All right, so you're calling, Yes. So you have the Commerce secretary trying to pump up Tesla stock. Again, I I, I, we can't normalize this behavior. You're the Commerce Secretary and you're pumping up an oligarch stock who then gives money to Trump. Like we all know that this is not how the system's supposed to be. Like. This should piss you off.


I wanna share this with you to close this video, which is a small portion of my interview with Senator Bernie Sanders. And I think it stands in such stark contrast to what I shared with you. You may agree with me, you may disagree. But watch this message. And this is why I'm a big fan of Senator Sanders and his fight the Oligarchy tour. This was my interview with him. Just play this small clip. And here is the reality, which is not talked about very much. The reality is that in America today, our life expectancy is about four years less than other wealthy countries.


But even worse is the fact that if you are working class in America, on average, you live seven to eight years shorter life than people who are wealthy. Now why is that? And the answer is not just healthcare, which is important. Working class people, low income people do not have access to the kind of healthcare that the rich do. But it is the stress, the day-to-day stress that working class people live under. And I grew up in a class home. I know a little bit about what it's like to have a family living paycheck to paycheck. And what I did, that was in Altoona, Wisconsin, I said, okay, alright, tell me what it's like to live under economic stress.


And people just stood up. And one woman says, you know, it's a question of whether I buy shoes for myself or my kids, whether I can afford eyeglasses, whether I can afford to go to the doctor, whether you know I'm gonna have the money to prepare a decent meal for my kids that I live every day not knowing you know what to expect. How do I survive? And what that is about, that is the reality that tens of millions of our people are living under. We don't talk about it. And what I have learned over the years that some of the most important issues are the issues that get least discussion. And one of those issues is not just the working class.


People live six years, shorter lives, seven years, shorter lives than the rich. That's important. Why is that? But what's equally important is 60% of the American people in the richest country on earth live paycheck to paycheck. That means they go to work. And if their landlord raises the rent, they don't know how they're gonna be able to pay for it. Kid gets sick, don't know how to, gonna afford to send the kid to the doctor, car breaks down, don't know how to get it fixed, et cetera, et cetera. That is the reality facing tens of millions of Americans in the wealthiest country on earth. And that is the issue that we gotta focus on.


And that is why we gotta transform our economy so that it works for everybody, not just billionaires. See the difference there? You see the difference there. You see what he's focused on, the focusing on things that are impacting people. Let me know what you think. We're grateful for your support. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thank you so much. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles. Reports, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.