
The NBA 82 game grind is done, and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck T, what do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I know we have bigger problems than this to discuss And we will, but this makeup that Donald Trump is wearing right now as he walks around the White House with globs of this stuff on his face, it's just so utterly bizarre and it almost to me accentuates the madness of this entire regime. The Kakis ocracy meets fascism all wrapped up into one disgusting and despicable bow. I mean, as Donald Trump is crashing our economy as our GDP shrunk negative 0.3% for the first quarter as freight and trucking volumes are precipitously declining.


Donald Trump is creating fake websites that look like it's the Drudge Report, but it's on White house.gov where Donald Trump writes headlines about himself. So when it's clear our economy is heading in a disastrous direction because of Trump's reckless trade wars against the world, Donald Trump made this website, it looks like drudge, and it says the most successful first 100 days in presidential history. I mean, this stuff is really, really pathetic. Donald Trump began yesterday by making post after post on social media like this one right here saying that this is Biden's stock market, not Trump's.


You are in office. You're literally the president. You've been the president now for not like even one day or two days, 100 days. The election was in November. And by the way, in 2024 when the stock market was setting record highs, when our economy was booming, when Wall Street Journal and others said that our economy was the envy of the world, we were leading the world in GDP in energy production. We had record low unemployment record, high job growth, 16.2 million jobs, created your posts back in 2024 when you were not in office, said, this is Trump's stock market and the economy's doing great because people want Trump back in.


So now that you're in and things are crashing, you blame it on Biden. It is the most pathetic lack of leadership that exists. But Donald Trump doesn't give a crap about you or me. He doesn't care about the American people. He's a fraud. He's a felon, he's a criminal, he's a sexual abuser. With all of this chaos that he's creating, what's he doing behind the scenes? The Trump organization agreed to partner on a real estate project in Qatar, and the latest of a series of projects tied to foreign governments new Mid East Project is latest Trump company deal tied to a foreign government.


Just New York Times, just reports that matter of factly. Donald Trump cutting deals with Middle East countries, making himself billions of dollars while we, the people suffer. Oh, by the way, I've told you this story before, but it bears repeating again. Don Jr. And Donald Trump's crypto czar, David Sachs launching an exclusive club that they call the executive branch. That's the name of their club. It costs half a million dollars If you want to become a member of their executive branch club and get access to them. That's what they're doing. There's buying, you could buy access to them and it's just so open and obvious.


Here's Donald Trump's commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick yesterday and this bizarre interview with Rob Schmidt of newsmax, and here Howard Lutnick says, look, you know, just trust Donald Trump. Just trust him. This guy is the greatest deal maker who's ever lived. I mean, doesn't Howard Lutnick just give you the vibes of just like the biggest snake oil salesman as he talks? Just watch what he says here, play this clip. Well, The the best line I could say is let the greatest deal maker make his deals. Yeah, right. When you don't bet on Donald Trump, you're making a mistake. He understands he's got great people around him.


Let him work through the process of getting a better deal from everybody else in the world. We're going to do it smart. We're going to do it thoughtfully. We don't want to raise the price of these things like little toys on the shelf. Why would we want to do that? We love Americans. Yeah, but let Folks, Donald Trump is literally the worst deal maker of all time. Just go read Donald Trump's securities and exchange commission filing for Trump media. Donald Trump bankrupted in the nineties, casino after casino, then in the two thousands bankrupted the reorganization of those casinos after casino. He destroyed Atlantic City. Donald Trump's never been a builder.


He's a destroyer. He's bankrupted so many companies and he's destroyed so many companies that his name has been attached to. And he's doing the same scam and schemes now with the American economy. He's like, oh, he's the worst deal maker ever. Here's Jameson Greer, Donald Trump's top trade representative being asked in this interview by Fox. Have there been any talks at all with China? There's 145% tariffs against China. The ships from the ports in China are not coming to the United States anymore. We are heading towards a period of scarcity. It's right around the corner where products are not gonna be on shelves.


Here's what Jameson Greer, Trump's trade representative says. Play this clip Peter's level with the president, the Prime minister. But we stand ready to engage as Last thing. For the people who look at this policy and say, this is designed to put pressure on China, it's all designed to, to kind of put the squeeze on China. Is that a fair assessment? Are you trying to get China to the table in a weakened negotiating state? Because that's the biggest adversary I think. I think that's a very Washington thing to think, look, to look at it. I I I think it is. But you know, for me, we're worried about the United States of America. We have this giant trade deficit. We have offshore manufacturing. Our ag exports are way down and it's affecting normal people in the country.


We want them to have jobs, we want them to have opportunities. Obviously, China's a huge part of this And we want to make sure that we have fair trade with China. And they're not official talks yet, right? Not yet. Not yet. I, I did speak with my counterpart before April 2nd for a long time, over an hour. It was a virtual meeting, but I thought it was constructive. This is not a plan just to encircle China. It's a plan to fix the American economy, to have a greater share of manufacturing as GDP, to have real wage, real wages go up to be producing things instead of having a economy that's financed by the government. We wanna make real stuff and sell it. And it means we, we have to deal with foreign trade practices that are harmful, including in China and elsewhere.


So for the companies, Did you hear what he said? This is Trump's top trade representative. I want you to hear it in his own words, that there has not been a single discussion, not one since April 2nd when Trump announced liberation day, which is liquidation or great recession day. Not one. But Donald Trump says it's fine. Donald Trump says, suck it up. Donald Trump says, pain and suffering should be what is inflicted on American families. Donald Trump mocks children getting toys. Right? Here's a photo of Donald Trump from what, probably 15, 20 years ago or maybe more at this point.


Donald Trump, Melania, and that's Baron at the time. Just look at where Donald Trump lives. He literally lived in a penthouse that was, it's probably fake gold, who knows? But that's made of gold. He has a golden toilet bowl seat, not because he's a great businessman. He inherited daddy's money. His dad was uber wealthy. Then Trump got into a fight with all of the family members over the inheritance, I think. I think I saw reports that if basically Donald Trump did almost nothing with the money, he'd have more money than had he done a lot of his failed endeavors. But that's him over there. But here's Donald Trump saying, look, who's gonna really complain about the economy?


Children who want more dolls, children who want their dolls here play this clip. Much Of it we don't need, you know, somebody said, oh, the shelves are gonna be open. Well, maybe the children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls. You know, and maybe the two dolls will cost a couple of bucks more than they would normally. But we're not talking about something that we have to go out of our way. They have ships that are loaded up with stuff, much of which, not all of it, but much of which we don't need. I mean, how tone deaf can you be? And by the way, isn't that a literal war on Christmas that Donald Trump's saying he's going after kids and kids wanting toys? It's not just kids and toys though, right?


It's gonna be parts to air conditioning. It's going to be lots of hardware parts, and there's lots of products that we import from China that's not going to be arriving. The ships are not coming. And Donald Trump knows that. That's why he's blaming next quarter on former President Biden. All this guy does is blame, blame, blame. Here Was Donald Trump yesterday saying even next quarter is gonna be bad 'cause of former President Biden play this clip. Okay, the stock market in this case is, it says how bad a situation we inherited. I took place, this is a quarter that we looked at today, and I took pla we took all of us together.


We came in on January 20th. So this is Biden, and you could even say the next quarter is sort of Biden, because it doesn't just happen on a daily or hourly basis. What former next quarter? I I, I guess what In 2029 it won't be Biden's fault anymore. Is is, is that it? I wanna show you this as well because this video over here really hit home to me. A Reuters drone captured detainees, Venezuelan detainees at the Blue Bonnet Immigrant Detention Center in Texas. And you'll see these people here spelling out the message to the outside world.


SOS. They need help. No one has been able to get access to this Blue Bonnet facility. That's where they go right before they get shipped to the concentration camp and El Salvador to be disappeared and never heard from again. Here they are at this facility. I mean, when you see this, you have to think to yourself, this is what America has become. Play this clip As Chris Hayes says, this is America now your kids get a max of two toys.


Then they grow up as Howard Lutnick said in another interview, to work in the same factory as their father and grandfather screwing in tiny screws in an iPhone. That's the American dream. Take it, take it. I wanna show you this as well. Donald Trump was asked about his attacks on universities, his attacks on Harvard by Stephen A. Smith. During an interview late last night, Donald Trump then confuses Harvard with Harlem and Donald Trump starts talking about getting black votes in Harlem. Play this clip Time. Mr. President, thank you for your time.


It's interesting that you're brought up Harvard because when people think about Harvard, what they're basically talking about is they, they're asking what do you say to those who view your actions as an attack on academic freedom rather than a defense of fairness. What do you say to that? Well, I say this, we had riots in Harlem, in in, in Harlem. And frankly, If you look at what's gone on and people from Harlem went up and they protested Steven and they protested very strongly against Harvard. They happened to be on my side. You know, I got a very high black vote, you know, that very, very high black vote. It was a a very great compliment to tons of patience.


I did criminal justice reform. I did opportunity zones for one of the greatest economic deals ever for the black and Hispanic community. I got tremendous. They agree with what I'm doing with respect to Harvard. Harvard gets four, Five. And finally, I wanna report that Mosin Madi, who was a permanent resident here in the United States, was released based on the order of a federal judge. He was one of the leaders in the protest of Columbia. And let me just read for you what the federal judge said in this order.


Jeffrey Crawford, the judge in Wednesday's ruling, wrote that those who know Madi describe him as a peaceful figure who seeks consensus in a highly charged political environment. Judge Crawford added though, even if he were a firebrand, his conduct is protected by the First Amendment. The court is aware that he has offended his political opponents and apparently given rise to concerns at the State Department, that he's an obstacle to American foreign policy based on on his support of Palestine. Such conduct is insufficient to support a finding that he's in any way a danger, as we use the term in the context of detention and release.


Legal residents like Madi not charged with crimes or misconduct, are being arrested and threatened with deportation for stating their views on political issues of the day. And for Madi, it's a free Palestine Crawford said, citing the Red Scare and McCarthy error targeting of political people for their views. The wheel of history has come around again, but as before, these times of excess will pass. I think we have to make sure that we're fighting for it to pass. It's not inevitable that it will pass. And what we try to do here on the Midas Touch Network Every day is highlight the authoritarian tactics of this Trump regime.


Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe and help us get to 5 million subscribers, you Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store, Midas touch com.