
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PhRMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


This is the sound of your ride home with dad after he caught you. Vaping. Awkward, isn't it? Most vapes contain seriously addictive levels of nicotine and disappointment. Know the real cost of vapes brought to you by the FDA.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. The holidays are here and you know what that means? It's time to get your friends and family the gifts they deserve. Take the stress out of shopping with Amazon's great deals and low prices on a huge range of items from toys to tech and much more. Whoever you're gifting for, Amazon has great prices on everything you need. This holiday season, shop last minute deals.


Now Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply,


Damascus has officially fallen Bahar Al Assad, the former dictator of Syria, has officially fled to Russia where he was given asylum. Previously Bashar Al Assad's family members had fled to Russia and elsewhere as the rebels were approaching Damascus. Is it just me or does Bashar Al Asad kind of give off very Trumpy vibes? So now that Bashar Al Assad's palaces are being raided by the rebels, for example, we're seeing his massive car collection, Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Bentleys, the extravagance of the wealth that Bashar al Assad amassed at the expense of the people who he exploited.


Should also be noted. This photograph of Bashar al-Assad from when he was younger was seized by the rebels at Assad's Palace. Take a look at this photo right here. Doesn't it remind you of this other photo of the draft dodging Donald Trump lying on his couch like that Louis Vuitton trunks worth $50,000 all throughout these palaces that the rebels are finding. I mean, by the way, I mean this photo right here of Bashar al Assad with his benefactor Vladimir Putin gives me a lot of vibes of when Donald Trump and Putin meant here were just some more photos of Donald Trump in his place where in his place of living.


You know Donald Trump literally has golden toilet bowls. Donald Trump, who's spent his entire life attacking the United States of America, attacking our economy, praising our enemies, he lives in a rooms that are actually probably fake gold, but golden rooms with golden toilet bowls and he's acting like the real problem. Here are unions which are trying to give people living wages. He sits on golden toilet bowls and then tries to tell people that the real issue here is is that Democrats are causing it versus actual price gouging by Donald Trump's cronies, the exact same types of billionaires who Donald Trump's filled his entire cabinet with.


If you're not a billionaire on your own Donald Trump's cabinet, probably you have child sex trafficking allegations and or rape allegations against you. But I digress. Syrian TV aired video announcing Boar's fall. The rebels took to tv. They announced that it's over, he's gone. There's some pretty all things considered probably gallows humor, but some funny posts on social media like George aka who goes, I've seen enough Bashar AAD will lose his seat and possibly his head to the insurgency New York Times pitch spot, which mocks the New York Times headlines goes Bashar all Assad's.


Biggest mistake not going on the Joe Rogan podcast, Bashar Alad to join Harvard's Institute of Politics. This is satirical Rachel Vidman, Bashar girl, you endanger New York Times pitch bot Bashar al-Assad has learned his lesson by Susan Collins. Deep a rumor Bashar Assad is living in Tulsi Gabbard basement. More on that in a moment because hey Donald, you named as your director of National Intelligence and ally of Bashar Alad. Yes, Tulsi Gabbard. When she has her confirmation hearing, she's going to be asked, how was it that when Bashar Alad used nuclear weapons and chemical threatened nuclear weapons, used chemical weapons rather not nuclear weapons, used chemical weapons on his own people just by the way weapons of mass destruction on his own people.


How is it that you Tulsi Gabbard went to Syria, met with him and then said that the United States should do nothing, that the United States should support Bashar al Assad. Here's another comment, Mrs. From Ms. Betty Bowers. No one has seen Bashar Alad. Maybe he has a new show on M Ms NBC. Why was Bashar al-Assad deposed as the leader of Syria? Because he became too woke. Mr. Neuberger Tulsi Gabbard searching the ocean for Bashar al-Assad could be Moana three tpa. Trump will have to reshuffle his cabinet since Bashar Assad is suddenly unavailable, making it clear that someone on his cabinet, Tulsi Gabbard, who's appointing director of National Intelligence, is like a close friend and ally of Bashar Alad who is now fled.


Also the contrast between Bashar Alad fleeing versus President Zelensky staying in Ukraine. I think that contrast is very stark. But when you go back and look at Bashar Alad again, his history is very Trumpy as well. He was born into it, right? His father was the dictator. Not Trump's dad, wasn't the dictator of America, but Bashar al Assad's dad was the dictator. Hafe al-Assad. Take a look for example, here's Richard Nixon meeting with the all Assad family back in 1974. Bashar Al Assad's older brother was supposed to take over the family business being dictators, but his older brother died in a car accident.


Leaving all of this to Bashar al-Assad in the year 2000, Bashar al Assad's wife Asma is been glamorized by all West wing, all west leading media, Western media rather. And as Andy Wheatley says, as the brutal Assad regime has fallen. I recall how vogue once profiled asthma, his British-born wife as a rose in the desert, the regime's horrific brutality, was already well known when Vogue wrote that in 2011. But the magazine still cozied up to her. Funnily enough, it's been deleted how these sands of integrity shift so easily, which again reminds me that western media, which has democracy, which is why western media can exist, why western media can thrive, but there's this obsession for strong men and authoritarians and glamorizing their lives when they take from we the people, we see that with Trump as well.


I'll get to the Melania side of this in a moment. This was the article. You see her right there, Asma. She was a British born wife of of Bashar Alad. They married in 2000. This was part of the issue. They would show photos of Bashar al-Assad with the kids. Kind of reminds me like when all of a sudden all of those barren Trump clips were mysteriously leaked recently about the suitcase and the this and the that more kind of glamorizing their wealth. They stay at five star hotels and they drive all of these cars and look how incredible and lavish their lifestyle is.


Kind of reminds me of like when Vogue did this story right here on Melania exclusive Donald Trump's new bride. The ring, the dress, the wedding, the jet, the party. Whoa, my God, they're so rich. Look at all the rich stuff that they have. I mean, the minimum wage hasn't been lifted in what decades, but Melania has got a hundred thousand dollars dress. It's so amazing. Maybe Vogue. You can just brag more about how wealthy they are while the people suffer. Maybe If you actually told people, I know you're vogue, so know what you do. Maybe If you told people what the issues actually were, and this is more me going to corporate media here about how it is that the billionaires have sucked out all of the wealth for themselves.


They're not happy enough with their one private jet. They've gotta have tons of private Jet 15, 20 rather than make sure that other Americans can afford housing. Okay? But yes, Melania went on Fox and she was asked by the Fox and Friends program, what'd she go, what's gonna be her issue? What's she going to champion for the White House? And she said, I am selling $90 patriotic Christmas ornaments. Please buy them@melaniatrump.com. Seriously, I'm not gonna play Melania videos. I, you know, I have a policy. I don't play their videos because their voices irritate me. But If you want to go and watch it for yourself, you can Google it.


But Google what she said that she spent the time on Fox promoting her $90 ornaments. Here they are on her website. Melania Trump, American USA star ornaments, I mean the Grifters. They're stealing the symbols of we the people, the United States of America to make $90. What's so interesting too is that the Fox hosts like Lauren Jones ii, who is one of the people on Fox and Friends like he goes, the proceeds are utilized to support college scholarships for children from impoverished families. Okay, I got a bridge I wanna sell you, Lawrence. Where does it, it doesn't say that on Meia, his website. So where is that go?


Where? Where is it saying that? Me thinks it's a lie? Our editor in chief, Ron Popowski writes Assad is now in Moscow, the former dictator of Syria. So Tulsi can visit most of her friends by only visiting one city. As many people saying Tulsi Gabbard has been a compromise by Vladimir Putin in Russia and before Bashar al-Assad, Tulsi Gabbard previously posted over and over again pro-Russian propaganda talking points, pro Bashar al Asad talking points. Let, let me just share this with you right here. You can see the statues falling right here within the various cities.


Th this is a wannabe dictator like Donald Trump's worst nightmare when he sees that people just aren't going to take repression like that. So here's just an example of the Bashar Ade statutes being taken down. Play this clip.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do Now, thanks to Miracle Made Sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable and without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria, which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with Miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order them today, you can save 40%. And If you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So If you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep Now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Let me just show you one other from another angle here. Watch this. Well, there you have it folks. Damascus Falls. Bashar AADs Regime falls. The Assad family, 50 years, a brutal dictatorship in Syria is gone. He flees to Russia. The parallels between that personality type, the malignant narcissism, the Bashar alad, you, you have to note it, right?


They mean you can't. You, you, you see it, right? A lot going on in the world right now. A lot going on in the world. It'll be an interesting confirmation hearing for you. Tulsi Gabbard as you are asked about your links and relationship and friendship to Bashar Alad who fled and is now Asylum Asylum in Russia. There you have, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.