
Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean honestly. When I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C. Details


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. An all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply,


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, syn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today.


By now, you may have seen reports like this and we reported on it here in the Midas Touch Network. Egg prices are going way up, up, up right now. CNN says this time, it's avian flu and the holidays. Well, CNN, this particular kind of strand of constant outbreaks of avian flu, it's been going on for many, many years and President Biden has been handling it responsibly. In turn, the MAGA Republicans and the media would attack the Biden administration, blame them for the egg prices going up without actually going to the root cause, avian, flu, and corporate greed whereby the corporations would use avian flu and inflation as pretext to price gouge.


Well now Donald Trump wants to put RFK Junior who believes that like most infectious diseases are all hoaxes. He called H one N one a hoax. Trump wants to put RFK Junior in charge of HHS. I want to talk about this because yes, a lot of time is being spent on the fact that Donald Trump is appointing sexual predators to his cabinet. People like Matt Gates who were credibly accused of child sex trafficking, Pete Heif, who paid hush money payments for covering up allegations of sexual assault, we've seen that police report RFK Jr, allegations against him for sexually assaulting a nanny.


But these people are grossly unqualified and with a potential new pandemic, you can't have these people in leadership positions. I know Gates is gone, but you can't have RFK leading HHS. And of course, Donald Trump's going to try to do whatever he thinks can make himself and his greedy corporate friends more money, even if that means killing us. So here's what Republicans against Trump, right? They go look this H five N one bird flu virus, that's what this particular virus is called. It's been detected in retail sample raw milk in California state health officials confirmed on Sunday, the New York Times reported that the virus has spread to nearly 500 herds in 15 states.


And meanwhile, you have Trump's H-H-H-H-H-S had RFK Jr. He says he drinks raw milk, he criticized the FDA over its aggressive suppression of raw milk. But let, let's, let me just show you what RF K's on video is saying, and this is gonna come out in his confirmation hearing on Russian tv. RFK Junior claimed that the swine flu, H one N one, which killed 284,000 people, I think it's more like 545, 5 540 5,000 people in the world never happened. And he says it was fabricated by pharmaceutical companies so they could make money.


I guess the part of what I just said that needs more attention. So he's on Russian TV right now saying H one N one was a fabrication by corporations to make more money. That's what he said Here, play this clip of him. The World Health Organization. That's really a misnomer. The World Health Organization is even more captured than CDC is. The World Health Organization gets half its budget from the industry. It is absolutely controlled from top to bottom by the pharmaceutical companies and particularly the vaccine makers who use WHO to, you know, fabricate pandemics like the swine flu, like the H one N one and make billions of dollars on pandemics that never happen.


Okay, you've heard us rave about ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic. I have super exciting news. Their team just released another product to help with everyday challenges. Now let's face it, there's no diet out there that's perfectly balanced. Either I'm eating too much of this or not enough of that. And that's why I started using sugar to fiber probiotic mix every day. Today's modern diet makes it really difficult to keep things balanced. Extra sugar is found in so many foods and no matter how hard I try, I'm not eating as much fiber as I want to. While getting enough fiber is a challenge in itself, the PhD microbiologist over at ZBiotics understand that extra sugar is all but impossible to avoid these days. And 95% of Americans don't get enough fiber. So they genetically engineered a probiotic to convert some extra sugar from our everyday diet into a prebiotic fiber called lavin. This leads to a more balanced microbiome, the key to a healthy gut. One stick pack of sugar to fiber, and you'll get a daily dose of fiber from the foods you already eat. I started drinking sugar to fiber every day because I liked having a way to get closer to my daily recommended dose of fiber without needing to change my diet. And I really like knowing that this fiber was coming from extra sugar that I was already eating and didn't need. Every day I put a pack of sugar to fiber in my morning coffee. I love knowing that I'm supporting my gut health with this routine. With the holidays around the corner, I know that I'm gonna be consuming a bit more sugar. With sugar to fiber, I can stay on track and not let the season throw me off course. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use Midas at checkout for 15% off any first time orders of ZBiotics probiotics. ZBiotics has a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Thank you ZBiotics for sponsoring this episode.


Look, Donald Trump's own former surgeon, general Jerome Adams is sounding the alarm. Here's what Trump's former surgeon General is saying. Whooping cough cases are up five times this year. A hundred thousand global measles deaths, mostly in kids H five N one steamrolling towards pandemic status. Egg prices skyrocketing. The new administration had better have a strong infectious disease response plan to ensure public health and that vaccine confidence stays high or they'll be distracted with outbreaks for four years this time instead of one.


So let's take a look at this strong infectious disease program. And Dr. Adams knows what he's doing there. I mean he's directly calling out this clip right here. And frankly, all of the statements made by RFK Junior, where RFK Junior said during his campaign that he would stop research on drug development and infectious disease for eight years, an eight year moratorium on researching infectious diseases. Here. Play this Clinton. I'm gonna go to NIH my first week and I'm gonna call all the division heads and I'm gonna call all the bureau chiefs and I'm gonna say we're going to give drug development and infectious disease a break, A little break, little bit of a break for about eight years and we are gonna study chronic disease.


Here is RFK Jr. Also pushing his conspiracy theory that the quarantine was used to install 5G cell phone networks and claimed digital currency is the beginning of slavery. Here play this clue. I'm gonna say one more thing. They haven't done a done a very good job about protecting public health, but they've done a very good job at using the quarantine to bring 5G into all of our communities and to shift us all to begin the process of shifting us all to a digital currency, which is the beginning of slavery.


Because if they control your bank account, they control your behavior. And we all see these advertisements on television saying, 5G is coming to your community. It's gonna be a great thing for all of you. It's gonna change your lives, it's gonna make all of your lives so much better. And it's very convincing, I have to say, because I look at those ads and I think that's great. I can hardly wait till it gets here and then, because I'm gonna be able to download a video game in six seconds instead of 16 seconds.


And is that why they're spending $5 trillion on 5G? No. The reason is for surveillance and data harvesting, it's not for you and me, it's for Bill Gates, it's for Jeffrey Zuckerberg, and it's for Bezos and all of the other billionaires. And so yes, it is important that we reflect on Donald Trump's lies, that he's gonna bring egg prices down. It's also quite convenient that corporate media is now trying to give it some nuance egg prices going up because the avian flu, well, maybe Biden was dealing with it in a responsible way while bringing overall inflation down.


And we could have reported on what was happening accurately as we were doing here on the Midas Touch Network. Let's take a look here. The CDC D'S confirming this H five N one in a California child as Hawaii details testing results. Take a look at this report right here. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC I mean you have to ask yourself, is the CDC even going to exist under Trump with Elon Musk and Vivek Rams Swami running what they call the Doge agency and Marjorie Taylor Green leading the Doge Agency in the House of Representatives.


I mean she's called for Dr. Fauci to be criminally prosecuted and she's gonna be the one in charge of taking away money from agencies like the CDC. So let me just show you two clips here. Here's Marjorie Taylor green statement on Dr. Fauci. Play this clip. You think That's appropriate? Do the American people deserve to be abused like that, Mr. Fauci? 'cause you're not Doctor, you're Mr. Fauci in my few minutes. No, I don't need your answer. I wanna talk about this right here. Mr. Mr. F Chairman. Objection. Mr. I recla my Mr. Objection. Mr. I reclaim my time. I reclaim my time. Mr. Raskin And Lady Wilson, Mr.


Chairman of Order, just in terms of the rules of decorum, are we allowed to deny that a doctor is a doctor just because we don't want him to be a doctor? Yes, because in my time that man does not deserve to have a license. As a matter of fact, it should be revoked and he belongs in prison. Don't Allow suspend. And the gentle lady should recognize the doctor as a doctor shall. Thank you Mr. Chairman. Is this what we have become? Is this what we have devolved into? And here's Marjorie Taylor Green from this weekend saying that America is spoiled. We're spoiled people for having these agencies here play this clip. You see, America's been really spoiled for a long time, but the federal government has been the worst abusers of the Americans hard earned tax dollars and the American people's Trust.


And so our subcommittee has a lot of work to do and we'll be lining up these important hearings. And most importantly, any program grant recipient, federal agency, they're gonna have to come and tell us why they deserve the American people's Trust and are allowed to spend their money going through. So going back right here to this article again, California's announcing an H five case and a dairy farm worker. The new development lift the state's total of 29 human cases of H five Avian flu and the national total since the first of the year to 55 I mean remember when Donald, remember when those were the numbers with Covid and Trump said like a miracle it was all gonna go away versus how the Biden administration and the Obama administration dealt with pandemics and how they took it seriously.


I wanna share with you this clip right here of an actual doctor to remind people about H one N one, how these avian flu strands, what what happens is they can merge with human flu strands and kind of mutate and form these H one, n one, H five, n one kind of mutations. And so he, here here's this doctor's video I wanna share with you right now, just to remind you, play this clip. I know with diseases, we, we get really scared when it becomes, you know, at first it's animal to human and then it somehow it becomes human to human. Or if it cross contaminates or gene swaps with some other virus and becomes kind of a super virus.


Are you watching those possibilities? Absolutely. I mean, you, you really hit the nail on the head here. Those are two of the biggest concerns that we have. So one is human to human transmission with H five N one. We have not seen historically over decades that there has ever been efficient human to human transmission. There have been some outbreaks where antibody studies suggested there could have been some transmission to other people. But generally we have not seen that. But what we know is that there are certain mutations that if the virus gets those mutations, it can better infect human cells and it can stabilize itself where we could see transmission between people. So we are watching that. I will point out that the case of the teenager in British Columbia, there were mutations detected that suggested that virus had adapted to infect humans better.


So that's one issue. Okay, so then what? So the, the point of all of this and, and sharing this with you is to reflect on the importance of a government that works and functions. So that you take these videos and educate people and in your family circle and friends and, and, and just let people know, you know, we, we, we have to understand that there, there is a role for, for things that function and not breaking everything down and ripping everything apart, apart and like owning the libs and owning this one and screaming and shouting like, we have to be responsible adults. We, we owe it to our children and grandchildren and people in our life and communities and country and the world.


Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.