
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with AARP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need AARP. Learn more at aarp dot org slash skills.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock During tax season, your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities and there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, cool will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY in New York.


Donald Trump's psychotic meltdown and psychotic behavior is accelerating. He's making post after post on his social media bizarre posts about January 6th, insurrectionists reposts of Marjorie Taylor Greene. This says, Donald Trump has initiated a trade war that has crashed the American economy that is crashing global economies. And this says, Donald Trump continues to threaten to invade nations. He threatens the sovereignty of Canada. He's threatening to invade Panama and Greenland. Here's what Donald Trump is reposting now on his social media.


He's reposting a post from Marjorie Taylor Green from two weeks ago. It's a drawing of a January 6th insurrectionist in prison. Marjorie Taylor Green wrote tomorrow as promised President at real Donald Trump will sign a significant number of January 6th pardons. Soon the nightmare of the politically weaponized government will end and the healing can begin. So why is Donald Trump reposting this right now as he started a cataclysmic trade war? Why is he posting this now? I think he's signaling to January 6th Insurrectionists who he pardoned. I'm going to need your help now because I am despised and detested and I'm going to need your back right now as I am hated right now here in the United States and abroad.


So I think this is a message in my view that he's signaling to his extremists, to his gang the same way authoritarians in the past have done that. And you know who I'm talking about. Then Donald Trump makes posts like this. Anybody that's against tariffs, including the fake news, wall Street Journal and hedge funds is only against them because these people or or entities are controlled by China or other foreign or domestic companies. Anybody that loves and believes in the United States of America is in favor of tariffs. They should have never ended in favor of the income tax system.


In 1913, the response to tariffs has been, and he puts this in all caps, fantastic. This is how psychotic this individual is. This is an individual who if he wasn't in this position, would need to be wearing a straight jacket right now and involuntary psychiatric, 51 50 hold. And we need to talk about it in those terms. This is a psycho demented individual saying. The response has been fantastic. By the way, Rupert Murdoch owns the Wall Street Journal, which supported Donald Trump for Donald Trump to now say the fake news Wall Street Journal.


Notice that Donald Trump has made all these other media corporations and media companies wear their knee pads and bend the knees, and now he's saying fake news, wall Street Journal. Why? 'cause Wall Street Journal is literally providing definitionally what a tariff is, which is inflationary and an economy killer. And then Donald Trump's talking about we need to go back to 1913 before the income tax system. Look, I know that Donald Trump didn't pay his taxes. We know that he is a tax cheat. We know that he is a fraud. We know that he is a convicted felon. And so Donald Trump says 1913.


Let's be clear, all you've inspired right now is to unite the world against us, to isolate the United States, to unite former allies of the United States against us to unite enemies against us and to look like the pathetic, weak loser that you are. By the way, Donald Trump's a meme coin 'cause he's out there still selling meme coins. While all of this is going on, he's selling meme coins from the Oval Office while his meme coins are crashing. Right now, as of this recording, they're at $17 and 91 cents. I'm sure they will go lower.


The Melania, which has that dollar sign in front of it, the dollar sign symbol. So it's Melania Melania coin that's at $1 and 44 cents. That's basically crashed to almost $0 a complete crash. So many people have lost Trump supporters have lost their life savings with his scammy meme coins that we tried to warn you about. And as predicted as of last night, the stock futures were a train wreck. The Dow was down 1.5% s and p down 2%. Nasdaq 2.6%. The Russell down 3.2%, obviously more carnage today would be an understatement about what's going on.


But you see it right there. The futures last night were down 662 points. By the way, Donald Trump, the Bitcoin, he used to call them the Bitcoin president with all of these Bitcoin people and crypto people saying, Trump's gonna be great. Well, the volatility in the market right now is an already volatile market with, especially with Trump Hawking mean coins for those who actually say there's a legitimate place in crypto. Trump's showing why people who believe crypto is scammy. He's validating people who have those views. For those who are like, there's actually a good place for crypto. $2 billion was liquidated in 24 hours from the crypto market.


This was more than the Covid crash, more than the FTX collapse a massive record in a bad way. Bitcoin slide or slid towards 90,000 after Trump's tariffs. But what else has Trump been focused on during all of this time period? Well, an individual by the name of Darren Betty, who was fired as a speech writer by the first Trump administration when it was revealed that he had spoken at a conference tied to white nationalist, is now the acting under Secretary of Diplomacy and Public Affairs in the State Department. This is somebody who said back on May 24th, 2024, so not that long ago, this is someone who's got a top leadership position at the State Department.


Taiwan will inevitably belong to China. It's a matter of time. It's not worth expending any capital to prevent it. A visionary statesman will recognize this and make a deal and exchange for acknowledgement of this basic reality. Get some serious concessions on Africa and Antarctica. Big deal to be made. You have to wonder too though, why Donald Trump's tariffs on China were less severe than his tariffs on Mexico and Canada. By the way, you wonder what Donald Trump, by the way, we knew that Donald Trump previously had secret bank accounts in China. Remember that was discovered after the first Trump administration. By the way, Trump's new state department appointee in a leadership position said the following, on December 7th, 2021, our staff at the Midas Touch Network, we have an impeccable research team that digs this stuff up.


This is what Darren Betty said. Then imagine the whining from the globalist American empire if Putin invades, and he puts that in quotes, Ukraine, I love it when our national security bureaucrats fail. That's a Trump appointee right there. By the way, this individual spent January 6th telling various black people, including Tim Scott to learn their place and take a knee to maga. This is what Darren Betty said. Tim Scott needs to learn his place and take a knee to maga. Black life matters must take a need to maga. They must learn their place. You get the point Donald Trump talking about, Panama talks about we will either take it back or something very powerful is going to happen.


This is what he said last night, threatening to invade Panama. Play this clip. They violated the agreement. They're not allowed to violate the agreement. China's running the Panama Canal that was not given to China, that was given to Panama foolishly, but they violated the agreement and we're gonna take it back or something. Very powerful is going to happen. Then Donald Trump winded and said, Canada is very abusive to the United States of America, which literally nobody thinks other than Donald Trump and perhaps his deranged cult of MAGA followers, psychotic individual play the clip. Well, Canada's been very abusive of the United States for many years.


They don't allow our banks and you know that Canada does not allow banks to go in. If you think about it, that's pretty amazing. If we have a US bank, they don't allow them to go in. Canada's been very tough on oil, on energy. They don't allow our farm products in. Essentially, they don't allow a lot of things in and we allow everything to come in. It's been a one way street. We subsidize Canada by the tune of about $200 billion a year and for what? What do we get out of it? We don't get anything out of it. I love the people of Canada. I disagree with the leadership of Canada and something's gonna happen there. But if they want to play the game, I don't mind.


We can play the game all they want. Mexico, we've had very good talks with them and this is retaliatory. This is retaliatory to a certain extent.


The holiday season can really mess with your routine, right? If you're looking to start the new year with clarity and focus via is here to help. Whether it's sober January or CBD Awareness month via lets you experience the powerful benefits of hemp without the high trusted by over half a million happy customers. Via is the Swiss Army Knife of Wellness. Their collection of THC free products combines minor cannabinoids like C-B-D-C-B-G, and CBN with botanical supplements for targeted effects. You could actually feel. So Whether you want better sleep enhanced focus or relief from everyday stress via has something for you. I've been loving their calming drops and sleep gummies. They've been a game changer for easing into relaxation after a long day. What I appreciate most about Via is their focus on quality. Their products are organic, vegan, and crafted with care right here in the US using hemp from trusted independently owned farms. And for those looking for variety, they've got award-winning gummies and vapes, THCA flour, soothing topicals and more. So if you're 21 and over, check out the link Avaya in our description and use the code Midas to get 15% off your purchase. Plus, if you're new to Avaya, you'll receive a free gift of your choice this year. Enhance your everyday life with vias Natural Wellness Solutions. Visit their website using our link. Use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off and let them know we sent you take charge of your wellness this new year with Via Your Mind and Body will. Thank you.


And then Donald Trump talks about inflicting pain on Americans and he wants Americans to feel the pain. He says, and then it'll get better. But we need to feel pain. Now he says, here, play this clip. No, no, I'm not gonna say it. We may have short term some, a little pain and people understand that. But long term, the United States has been ripped off. Now, we previously reported on October 29th, 2024 what the plan was. We dug up tweets and reposts from Elon Musk and Trump wasn't all that hard to dig it up to be honest with our research team. But Elon Musk talked about necessary economic collapse that he and Donald Trump wanted to inflict.


And they claim what they needed to do was they needed to. That markets will tumble to kind of crush the economy, to de make people feel so much pain. And then once everything is destroyed and everything is devastated, then they want to rebuild it in the image of Musk and Trump once they destroy everybody's lives and then make all of us beg for them. By the way, right now as we speak Trump's, he wants to talk about hedge funds. They supported Trump, okay? The oligarchs literally sat front row Donald Trump's treasury department secretary Scott Bessant, who previously stated that tariffs would be devastating and inflationary and now is going along with the tariffs.


He was George Soros hedge fund manager. He then started his own hedge fund. Trump's whole team is made up of hedge fund guys. His commerce secretary, you name it. They're all hedge fund people. And by the way, other hedge fund people and these private equity people, they are shorting the American economy. They shorted the economy, meaning Trump's friends betted the American economy would crash. Why? Because you'd see they're talking about economic collapse. That's what we were trying to say here at the Midas touchdown. That's what they're calling for. So all these Trump billionaire oligarchs, they bet against the American economy in favor of a crash.


So when it goes down, they make all of this money, then they take that money and they buy it when it's low and then they try to make money on it again. That's what the Trump oligarchs are doing. By the way, here's audio that was unearthed months ago that we tried to show you all of Elon Musk's talking about inflicting hardship on we the people You have to reduce spending to live within our means. And yeah, that that necessarily involves some, some temporary hardship, but, but it, it will ensure long-term prosperity. And by the way, who's loving this? Who's benefiting? In addition to Xi Jinping in China, Putin, here's an interview that Putin gave on Russian TV talking about how Trump's going to make Europe's submit.


And by the way, I wanna be clear when Putin is saying this, he knows how to psychologically manipulate Donald Trump. Putin knows Europe is gonna stand up to Trump. He wants to pressure Trump to now attack Europe, which Trump, by the way, says that he's going to now do tariffs on Europe. So Putin knows what he's doing here and how to play Trump like a fiddle, by the way, as Hillary Clinton warned in 2016. But play this clip Biden, Finally, I'll leave you with this.


Here's a clip of Kamala Harris talking about what she would've created. Americans could have gotten 25,000 to buy $25,000 to buy their first home, but instead they're getting tariffs that will make homes even more unaffordable and harder to buy all to feed Donald Trump's ego, or Donald Trump's intent and desire to destroy America because he's a broken, disgusting, despicable convicted felon, sexual predator, sexual assaulter. Someone who's a horrible businessman, who's bankrupted a ton of his companies. Anyway, play this clip And part of my approach is to say, I'm gonna employ and and en and and engage the private sector, in particular home builders with tax credits to give them the incentive to create new housing.


3 million by the end of my first term. And understanding that not everybody is, you know, handed a a silver spoon, but works hard and is trying to save up for a down payment. Part of my plan, under my opportunity economy is to give first time home buyers a $25,000 down payment assistance so they can just get their foot in the door to be able to then engage in what will prove to be their opportunity to build intergenerational wealth. And here's, Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think about all of that. That's what Donald Trump's doing. Posting J six stuff. Crazy. Oh, he's also posting this.


He's making more posts about claiming that he turned on California's water, by the way he did it. What he did was he diverted water from an area, not to where the fires were, but to a flooded area, harming farmers. Many of them were right wing farmers as well. He did that screwing them over. Then water management had to stop it 'cause he was about to further destroy farms, not even. And he ordered the federal government to move water to areas it didn't belong. It rained to a week and a half ago, two weeks ago. So he's taking credit for the re This is an insane delusional individual, okay?


And I just want the rest of the world to know that most of, a lot of us here in America, at least 75 million people or so who voted for vice President Kamala, do not support this. Okay? This is embarrassing, humiliating for us, and I know scary for you and for us as well. We're gonna do everything we can here on this platform to resist. So anyway, hit subscribe until they take away this microphone from my mouth. We ain't going anywhere, we don't have outside investors, so we grow with you. You're our stakeholders. We'll keep building this together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Customers are rushing to your store. Do you have a point of sale system you can trust? You need Shopify for retail. With Shopify, you get a powerhouse selling partner that effortlessly unites your in-person and online sales into one source of truth. Track every sale across your business in one place and know exactly what's in stock. Connect with customers inline and online. Shopify helps you drive store traffic with plug and play tools built for marketing campaigns from TikTok to Instagram and beyond. Shopify's sleek, reliable POS hardware takes every major payment method and looks fabulous at the same time. Do retail right with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/lifestyle. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/lifestyle to take your retail business to the next level today.