
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


Hey everybody. So I live in Los Angeles. I had to be evacuated. My family is okay. I don't know what's going to happen with my house, but I just pray for everybody's safety. I'll just tell you what's pissing me off so much right now after seeing the devastation of so many people here. It's just the lies over and over again from Donald Trump and all of these right wing so-called leaders, it's lie after lie, and it's politicizing the pain and suffering of so many people here in Los Angeles. And this isn't unique to Los Angeles.


This is precisely what they do. Every time there's a natural disaster. When there were hurricanes that hit the East coast, they lied and said that FEMA was not there to help the people. And migrants were getting all of the money and people weren't getting relief. Every single thing MAGA uses as a political wedge issue. You know, once upon a time we as a country, when there would be terrorist attacks or natural disasters, it wasn't a political thing. We came together, we tried to solve the problems, and we stood as one.


We stood as a Americans. And so when I read this filth, this hate from Donald Trump and Maga, it just compounds the pain and suffering that we have here in Los Angeles. But frankly, this is not unique to us. This is how he treats people. This is how he treats marginalized communities. This is how he treats everybody. It's always a political wedge to make us all hate each other. Enough enough of this crap. Here's what Donald Trump posts. He goes, governor Gavin scu, by the way, I don't show Trump video and audio. You don't have to worry about me playing it. Trump goes, governor Gavin SCU refused to sign water restoration declarations put before him that would've allowed millions of gallons of water from excess rain and snow melt from the north to flow daily into many parts of California.


He wanted to protect, essentially worthless fish called smelt, but didn't care about the people of California. Now, the ultimate price is being paid and incompetent. Governor, then Donald Trump says he is to blame for this on top of it all. No water for fire hydrants, not firefighting planes a true disaster. And folks, what Donald Trump is saying is false. But here's the thing, this false statement spreads. I hate to use the the term like wildfire, pun intended, or no pun intended. I can't even tell you how many people have reached out to me and they said, oh, I, I heard the issue is that Gavin Newsom's doing something with smelt and you don't have water there.


No, this is a once in a generation event, but that is getting increasingly worse as our climate gets warmer, we're having once in generational droughts, and this is a catastrophic event. People are suffering. Gavin Newsom has marshaled resources and he's done that in advance of this as well, planning how to deal with this. And this is a horrific, horrific event that is a natural disaster and Trump's using it as a wedge issue. But all of MAGA is, quite frankly, this is what Donald Trump Jr. Goes, can we rename DEI to die?


Since that's what seems to be happening to the people downstream of those who place woke virtue signaling far above competency. I mean, shut the up, Don Jr. You go to Greenland and film documentaries there as you cosplay trying to conquer it. You freaking idiot. What? What are you even talking DEI die. There are real people who are suffering in Los Angeles right now, but I don't want to make it about just us in Los Angeles. I want to make it about other Americans who have gone through natural disasters or terrorist attacks or what have you, and constantly a barrage of this is the Democrat's fault.


This is the woke fault. This is the, the transgenders did this, the migrants did this. Y'all are a bunch of divisive. You know what, I'll try to temper my language. Maybe I shouldn't. Donald Trump goes, as of this moment, Gavin Scu and his Los Angeles crew have contained exactly 0% of the fire it's burning at levels that even surpassed last night. This is not government. I can't wait till January 20th. And again, I'm not gonna show you video or audio of Trump, but I'll tell you what he said. Trump goes, I know these areas.


Well, this is what he said at the Rotunda where he again, politicized the, the death of Jimmy Carter and the Rotunda to talk about this. He goes, it's a true tragedy. Nobody ever thought, I mean, virtually Beverly Hills and areas surrounding Beverly Hills are being decimated. A basic research would show you that Beverly Hills is not one of the affected areas that's not being decimated. You're just an idiot who wants to pander and divide Americans. Let me show you what Gavin Newsom said, though. Governor Newsom said, when Anderson Cooper said, Donald Trump's choosing to attack you.


Here's what Governor Newsom said, play this clip. Steven Asked this question, but the president-elect chose to attack you, blame you for this. It's one, can't even respond to it. I mean, it's, you know, people are literally fleeing. People have lost their lives. Kids have lost their schools families completely torn us under churches burned down. This guy wanted to politicize it. I, I I, I, I have a lot of thoughts and I know what I want. Say I won't. I stood next to a president of the United States of America today, and I was proud to be with Joe Biden, and he had the backs of every single person in this community. Didn't play politics, didn't try to divide any of us.


Finally, your message Again, also the language, calling him new scum. What are you a, a third grade bully, no offense to third grade bullies. Who behaves like that? Oh, others in Maga all night on Fox. Sean Hannity, this is DEI. This is woke. Donald Trump warned about this 10 years ago or eight years ago when you refused to listen, Donald Trump would've fixed all of this. Again, the propaganda here puts North Korea's propaganda machine to shame. Donald Trump didn't say crap. Donald Trump doesn't know anything what he's talking about. He thinks the fires are in Beverly Hills. He talks about windmills killing whales.


The guy's a fricking moron, but worse than that, he is a divisive hate monger is what he is. And, and here's a divisive hate monger. Jesse Waters, who goes this right here, ladies and gentlemen, this is the leadership of the LA Fire Department. I sure hope they know what they're doing, and he's pointing to a group of women and he has a clear intent on what he's trying to say there. And he goes, oh, again, Trump warned about this. Years ago, Trump would've saved this. Trump would've stopped this. Talking about Don Jr. Of course uses it as a way to attack Ukraine. Oh, look, of course, the LA Fire Department donated a bunch of their supplies to Ukraine, and you have MAGA Republican senators like Mike Lee, they responding to the LA fires by attacking California Democrats and echoing Trump's talking points about protections for Delta smelt playing a role.


You have Benny Johnson using a clip where Governor Newsom was being briefed about the fire, and he was right there. Newsom getting briefing from fire chiefs. And Benny Johnson's like California governor Gavin Newsom shows up on site of the Palisades Fire offering nothing but a glance and his hands in his pocket. Again, I'm not even gonna show you the clip if you wanna watch it, but it's like six seconds of it. And that's the type of propaganda that they spew out there. Other right wing influencers like John lafa goes, Trump was right about the fires in California. It's not climate change. It's the Democrats. This next guy, so sad to see all the fires burning in California.


It's a disaster on scumbag, no scum. Scu, MAGA Republican Congress member Andy Biggs, goes on Newsmax and says that the fires are caused by Democrats. They're skipping right over thoughts and prayers. Elon Musk chimes in, they've prioritized DEI over saving lives and homes. Alex Jones, the propagandist who defamed mocked the parents of kids who died in school shootings, got a judgment against him and runs away from that. Judgment goes, ESG and DEI, all brought to you by BlackRock in action, more clips of Jesse Water saying all of this.


The Start of the new year is the perfect time to get organized, set goals and focused on what matters most. For me, the top priority is my financial wellness because let's face it, every dollar counts. That's why I love Rocket Money. They made it so easy to track all my subscriptions, cancel the ones I forgot about, and even lower my bills. With Rocket Money, my financial goals feel achievable. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going for the ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. No long hold times or confusing websites. Their dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all your accounts, and you can even set a personalized budget with custom categories to keep your spending on track. Rocket Money will alert you if your bills increase, if there's unusual spending, or if you're close to going over budget. And with their new goals feature, they will automatically save money for you. Whether you are paying off debt, saving for a house, or just building your emergency fund. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in cancel subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash midas Touch.


Let me contrast this to what President Biden has been saying all day. President Biden posts, I am being frequently briefed on the wildfires in West Los Angeles. My team and I are in touch with state and local officials, and I have offered any federal assistance that is needed to help suppress the terrible Pacific Palisades fire. Earlier tonight, FEMA approved a Fire Management Assistance grant to support areas that are impacted and help reimburse the state of California for the immediate firefighting costs. My administration will do everything it can to support the response. I urge the residents of Pacific Palisades in the surrounding areas of Los Angeles to stay vigilant and listen to local officials.


President Biden Post, over 100,000 people have been ordered to evacuate communities impacted by the Southern California wildfires. At least two people have been killed and many more are injured, including firefighters. It's devastating to the residents of Southern California we are with you. He also posts already my team has provided 24 7 weather for forecast support, sent five air tankers and 10 firefighting helicopters, pre-positioned dozens of fire engines, approved grants to reimburse firefighting costs. And I have approved Governor Newsom's request for a major disaster declaration.


Brandon Richards, whose rapid response for Governor Newsom talks specifically about how Gavin Newsom ordered and pre-positioned critical assets like 75 local government fire engines, seven water tenders, seven helicopters, nine dozers, more than 105 specialized personnel in LA Riverside, orange, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara, and Ventura. The state strategically moved California fire firefighting resources from Northern California into Southern California, including 45 additional fire engines and six additional hand crews to Los Angeles.


But then on the other hand, you've got MAGA Republicans like Marjorie Taylor Greene saying, governor Newsom failed so miserably in water and land management, and now the state of Canada is sending firefighting planes to bail him out. Again, joking, mocking, or perhaps actually threatening our allies in Canada by calling them the 51st state, the state of Canada. I mean, these are truly deplorable people. I mean, Hillary Clinton, I mean, this is deplorables who behaves like this. And by the way, Canada is helping Canadian crews because they are allies.


We're sending their crews to help us extinguish the LA fires because that's what allies do. They don't threaten to take each other over and attack each other. That's, that's awful. There's a broader point folks though, which is the, the question is this, where you have someone like a President Biden or Democrats who are out there saying, here's what we're doing, here's what we're focused on, and they're speaking positively about and, and, and, and they're speaking in a way that's constructive about how to get things done. And they're not attacking the other side. They're not blaming, they're working.


They're, they're doing the work. They're rolling their sleeves up. But then on the other side, you have someone blaming, blaming, blaming. It's their fault, their fault, their fault, their fault. But there's no volleying back. Democrats aren't saying they're to blame, they're to blame. So all the people are, you see the strategy here that mag's using to divide us because all the people are hearing is On the one side, MAGA is blaming Democrats and Newsom always for no matter what it is, Democrats are like, we can't deal with that. Now. We are focusing on helping people and saving lives, but there's only one narrative out there in terms of who's to blame because Republicans, the maga, they're out there blaming people, Democrats for things that Americans never blamed Americans for at all.


That's the issue. And I, I could just tell you here, I'll, I'll leave with this. My heart goes out to, to everybody who is going through incredible tough times right now. I mean, do I hope that my home is okay? I I do. But my baby girl's here, my wife's here, my family's safe. And I know that makes me fortunate and blessed. And there's, I'm sure many people out there who, who did not get out in time and for people who are injured. So when you're hit with things like this and all that matters is your family, their health and safety, and so that's where we're at.


Anyway, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas By signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.