
The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


You know, at the Midas Touch Network, we frequently cover the ghoulish ness, some of the grotesque aspects of the Trump family. So it's always great when we get to cover the love of a blended family like the M Hofs and the Harrises. More on that in a moment. You know, we cover here on the Midas Touch Network, how Donald Trump's first wife, Ivana, is buried in the back lot of one of his golf courses, Bedminster in an unmarked grave, where he allowed like shrubs to grow over it. I mean how ghoulish can you be after she fell down a flight of stairs? We've talked about how Donald Trump and Melania met at the Kit Kat Club in the late 1990s when this modeling agency owned by a guy named Paulo z Poli here in the United States, would bring young Eastern European women to the United States to model.


And then he would throw these parties at the Kit Kat Club and they would meet wealthy Manhattan men like Donald Trump, who went to one of these Kit Kat Club parties. And that's where he met Melania. She somehow got an Einstein visa and her process was expedited. She then brought her family here to the United States, and then they went and talked about birther conspiracies and attacked others and went on this xenophobic spree that they went on. We talk about all of that. We show you how Donald Trump, and we talked about here how Donald Trump was with a porn star while Melania had given birth, and he was cheating on Melania with the porn star, while also cheating on a mistress.


Karen McDougall, while falsifying business records, we talk about how Donald Trump's been found liable for sexual assault by a jury of his peers. We've played for you the audio recordings where Donald Trump talks about how he owns Beauty Pageant so he can inspect girls naked. And he says, when you're the owner of the Beauty pageant, they let you do it. We've played for you, of course, the audio tape of Donald Trump, where he says that when you're rich and famous like him, you can sexually assault women and get away with it because women just let you do it. We then played for you deposition testimony where Donald Trump says, yeah, that's just what you can basically do when you're wealthy for, you know, whether it's good or bad.


You know, that's just what wealthy men can do. We played for you, Donald Trump speaking to the Young Republicans, a group of young individuals who Donald Trump said the most courageous thing he was told that he did in his life was when he referred to sexually assaulted women as locker room talk. I have the receipts for all of that if you want to see that. I've done many a video on all of that. But what I want to focus on here is I want to contrast that. I want to contrast this ghoulish grotesque way that Trump deals with family members and it's transactional. And we hear about all of that with the love of the mh hs.


I I, I've been glued to my screen. It's my job to be glued to it, but I'm sure as you are as well, the Democratic National Convention. You know, when I've got to, you know, really learn about the Emh H family, the first second gentleman in the history of the United States, what an extraordinary man he is. I've interviewed him before. He is a great guy. But getting to learn about the family, getting to learn about his first marriage with Kirsten Emh, she is absolutely incredible. Their kids, Cole and Elli saw Cole introduced Douglas Moff yesterday during the proceedings. And what's been so incredible, and Ben Wexler says it great right here, is that Kamala's husband's ex-wife, Kirsten Emh is supporting vice President Kamala Harris more enthusiastically than Donald Trump's current wife.


Melania is supporting Donald Trump. Just think about that. Kamala's husband's ex-wife is supporting her more enthusiastically than Donald Trump's current wife. Melania is supporting him. And just take a look at some of these photos from Kirsten Emh Hof that she's posting on her social media platform. It radiates joy. And here she is at the DNC and you see her standing and you see her son in the background. And she goes, who's here? So excited for this week? And then you hear, you see her saying, you know, you know, highlight of day one, it's photos with her and Governor Walls and her two children, her and Doug's two children, I mean incredible stuff.


And then when Ben Wexler goes, what I, what I read for you before, Kamala's husband's ex-wife supporting her more enthusiastically, Kirsten Emh responds. Damn right. Look, she's the CEO of Pretty Bird Venture Land and Pipelines. She's a film producer, the mom of Colin and Ella for babies, ADA, Otis and Amos. But I wanna show for you this right here. 'cause this is something that she posts I mean. I could show you all of the kind of disgusting Trump clips. And I, I, I've done a lot of videos on that, but I wanna show you this right here. So this is a video produced by Kirsten and Doug's son, Cole em h, which she produced. And it goes, this is my dad, Doug, a film by Cole Emh and at Venture Land Productions.


Watch this. Kirsten Emh posted this last night after day two of the Democratic National Convention. I, I'm going to warn you, you may want a tissue because this is so heartfelt to your play, this clip. But it helped that my parents stayed friends and we all kept hanging together. We grew closer than ever. And then he met Kamala, the blind date that would dramatically change all of our lives forever. It was my senior year of high school. Ella and I would laugh, watching them fall in love, acting like teenagers. In 2014, Kamala became Mala.


She took over Sunday night dinners and taught Doug how to actually cook. Our blended family wasn't used to politics or the spotlight, but when Kamala became senator, we were all excited to step up, especially my dad. Then Kamala became vice president. It Felt like Doug was a bit out of place on Capitol Hill. I thought, what is my goofy dad doing here? But he embraced it. He left his practice after being a lawyer for 30 years. That was tough. I was so proud to watch him do it, to stand by her side. And example of true partnership.


I just got married myself, and he's inspired me as a new husband. Anyone who really gets close to him knows he's kind, loving and fiercely protective I mean. Just look at this face. This Is my dad, the first second gentleman in the history of this nation. He's found his voice around the issues that matter to him. You have no choice but to speak up and speak out. There is an epidemic of hate, including a crisis of antisemitism in our country and around the world. What they are doing on reproductive freedom and freedom in general is just outrageous.


And next, he's gonna make history again as the first, first gentleman. I can't wait for everyone to get to know why we all love him. He's the glue that keeps this family together. We might not look like other families in the White House, but we are ready to represent all families in America. And then Kirsten Moff also posted this video clip right here, or she reposted her ex-husband, Doug Moff posting the following, in case you were wondering where I get my charm and good looks.


Doug Moff says, sarcastically and jokingly, thanks mom and dad, and here he is, introducing his parents to the country and to the world here, play this clip. Hi, we're Mike and Barbara Moff. We're Hi Barbara. That's Mike. Hi, we're Doug. Doug's parents, the second gentleman, better known as Dougie. Walking around wherever I go, anybody who knows him, they come over to me and they say, oh, your son's so wonderful. You know why? Because he's real. Whatever he does, it comes from the heart. And we are so proud that he's gonna help Kamala win this election.


Kamala is the most wonderful daughter-in-Law. We have spent many a Sunday dinners with her. She's a fabulous cook. She gets on the phone every Sunday with Doug, hi. Hi. How are you? We love you. We love you. And we just hope and pray that she becomes our next president. I want you to be inspired tonight, Doug, and give a amazing speech. Give him your values and speak from your heart with all our love. Mom and dad, We love you.


Hey everyone. I wanna share something that's really made a difference for me when it comes to enjoying a night out with friends. It's called ZBiotics Pre-Cool. Pre-Cool is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on hitting the gym, enjoying a brunch, or just getting some important work done Without worry, I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical of ZBiotics at first. But then while hanging out with my friends at our favorite bar downtown, I decided to give it a try. And let me tell you, it really works. The first time I tried pre-cool was during a friend's wedding weekend. I had my first drink of the night, a delicious old fashioned, by the way. Right after taking ZBiotics the next morning, I was up early, feeling great and ready to join the rest of the wedding party for breakfast and activities. It was a total game changer with vacations, weddings, birthdays, and reunions. There's so much going on this summer. Get the most outta your plans by stocking up on pre-Cool. Now go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, pre-cool is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Thank you ZBiotics, for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


Alright, so take what I just showed you right there and why don't we compare it to the following. So Donald Trump's been trying to bribe Melania to go out and leave Mar-a-Lago. I think the one time that she's actually left, she charged the log Cabot Republicans $274,000 for her to give a speech. Who in the world's gonna listen to Melania for 274,000? But she left for that. The wife of a purported billionaire. What in the world are you doing? She's also grips and does these weirdo NFTs and things like that. But here, Donald Trump tries to get her to leave Marla or just come outside so that he can take pictures in this performative way with her.


And so he bribes her with this award, like for helping the children award, and she doesn't show up. So he takes the award for himself. Here, watch this Put on board. We wanna take this opportunity. I know my first lady couldn't get here, but we wanna give Melania the Trump the Child Advocacy Award. 'cause she said she just, she did so much for children when she was the first lady. So sir, this is for me. Please make your Rachel. And then she didn't show up to any of the Republican National Convention except the final day. And what an awkward interaction she had with Donald.


Here play this clip. You know, and I'm not going to play for you all the disgusting Donald Trump clips. If you wanna watch that, go and go, go and watch the other video clips. I do. But I will show you two and we'll show you two. So you have a sense of why I say ghoulish and grotesque. And I'm not just using words like this. Remember I mentioned Donald Trump speaking at the Young Republicans Club in New York, and he told them how courageous he was, or he claims a general told them he was courageous for referring to sexually assaulting women as locker room talk.


Here it is right here. Play this clip. But I went onto that stage just a few days later and a general who's a fantastic general actually said to me, sir, I've been on the battlefield. Men have gone down on my left. And on my right I stood on hills where soldiers were killed. But I believe the bravest thing I've ever seen was the night you went onto that stage with Hillary Clinton after what happened. And then that woman asked you the first question about it, and I said, locker room talk. It's locker room talk. What the hell? Whatcha talk locker room talk.


That was not a great, Okay. And here is Donald Trump at a speech that he gave in Iowa recently where he was speaking at a high school and he was speaking to these high schoolers and others who were in attendance at the high school, and he was talking about golden shower sex acts here play this clip. He was with four hookers. You think that was good that night to go up and tell my wife? It's not true, darling. I love you very much. It's not true. Actually, that one she didn't believe. 'cause she said he's a germaphobe. He's not into that. You know, he's not into golden showers, as they say.


They called it. He's not. I don't like that idea. No, I didn't. I thought that would be a big problem. I was gonna have a rough night. But that one she was very good on. She said no. So I can show you more. I've done deep dives into Melania's background. Go, go in search. Midas Touch, Melania, if you want to see that. I've done deep dives into Donald Trump's connections with Jeffrey Epstein. We've talked about how Donald Trump is currently flying around in the Epstein jet. He wrapped it with Trump 2024. He's flying around in the Epstein Jet right now that he wrapped it with Trump. How sick.


Oh, can you be? We've talked about the history with Epstein, where Trump's says, Epstein's a great guy. I'm not gonna repeat all of that there. You can search my videos where we talk about that stuff. But I think the contrast is what I really wanted to show you. So tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million Real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.