
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem drive and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com Today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, what? Nice. They have my favorite brand. This is like a whole new BU I buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Look what you did there, Donald. That's in Salt Lake City, Utah, where 20,000 people or 10% of the people in the city showed up to protest you to fight the oligarchy and rally behind Senator Bernie Sanders and congresswoman a OC. On Sunday, the people across the country are fed up and pissed off at you and Musk, your deranged and dangerous behavior. Like last night, Donald Trump was posting this while that event was taking place in Salt Lake City. He goes almost every week, 60 minutes, which is being sued for billions of dollars for the fraud they committed in the 2024 presidential election with their interview, a failed presidential candidate, Kamala Harris, mentions the name Trump in a derogatory and defamatory way.


But this weekend's broadcast tops them all. Wha wha wha, wha. Wow. This goes on with an alternation between all caps and lower case and like incoherent sentences. But then at the end of Donald Trump's post, he goes, they being CBS in 60 minutes should lose their license. Hopefully the Federal Communications Commission, FCC as headed by its highly respected chairman, Brendan Carr, will impose the maximum fines and punishment, which is substantial for their unlawful and illegal behavior. That's what Donald Trump is doing on Sunday, engaging in his authoritarian fantasies on social media and directing his FCC Commissioner to attack 60 Minutes.


Who by the way, Donald Trump sued in the Northern District of Texas with Ronnie Jackson. 'cause they claim they were consumers who were injured. By the way, 60 Minutes interviewed former Vice President Kamala Harris during the 2024 election. 'cause Trump didn't like the way it was edited 'cause they took out some of her ums and ahs when Trump was too afraid to show up for that interview himself. And only former vice president Kamala Harris did the interview. So Donald Trump and Ronnie Jackson, the pathetic fools they are, are suing 60 minutes. Guess this for about 20 to $25 billion. 'cause they say their feelings were hurt from the 2024 election.


And that's why Donald Trump is whining this evening, by the way, or last night as he's imploding the bond markets, as the 5 10 30 year treasury yields are reaching heights, demonstrative of genuine and real chaos in the United States markets in an unprecedented way. Let me just share with you that crowds size one more time so you can see what 20,000 people in Salt Lake City rising up to fight the oligarchy looks like. Play this clip. Thank you. And by the way, here was Senator Bernie Sanders the day before.


First he spoke in front of a huge crowd in Los Angeles, 36,000 people. Then he gave a speech at Coachella in front of 125 to 150,000 people. Let me show you a short clip of Bernie Sanders in Coachella. But take a look at this photo of him staring at a crowd of 125,000 to 150,000 people on the main stage. Now we got a president of the United States, who I agree, Yes, people are livid at the oligarchs, at the Trump regime, which has destroyed democracy. We're passed the constitutional crisis phase.


I mean Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans in the House of Representatives and Senate who gave Donald Trump all of their authority as well. Trump is ruling like an authoritarian, like a dictator, a deranged one, one that's even weirder and more dangerous than a Kim Jong a pariah state. The United States has become alienated and isolated from our allies and the rest of the world who are forming alliances with themselves and leaving the United States and saying, what the heck is this mess? As Donald Trump puts tariffs on than exemptions. More tariffs, no tariffs, just tariffs, no tariffs, the insanity, the delusions, the ranting and ravings of a madman.


This is what Donald Trump was posting yesterday as well. Letitia James. This is what Trump posts a totally corrupt politician should resign from her position as New York State Attorney General. Immediately everyone is trying to make New York great again and it can never be done with this wacky crook in office. And then, and then after that, Donald Trump posts a torture video of people unlawfully being sent to El Salvador migrants, who the Trump regime may disappear from the United States without due process through him in concentration camps in El Salvador. And now Na b Kelly, the authoritarian leader of El Salvador, is visiting Donald Trump today and this week.


And then Donald Trump posts a torture video, an ISIS style torture video being posted by the leader of the United States. I wonder why people from other countries are not visiting the United States anymore. I wonder why tourism from Canada, Europe, Australia, and elsewhere is dropping 30, 50, 70 5%. Maybe people don't want to be disappeared to concentration camps and ice detention centers and then have ISIS style videos made about them and posted by a deranged lunatic leader of the United States. Donald Trump posts the following. We look forward to seeing President b Kelly of El Salvador tomorrow in the White House is what he posted last night. Along with this torture video, it should be noted that even though the Supreme Court ruled 9 2 0 against Donald Trump in connection with the Abrego Garcia case where Trump disappeared, Garcia, a El Salvador individual who was living a migrant who was living in Maryland and he sent them to El Salvador despite the fact that he had protected status and was not giving due process and Trump threw 'em in a concentration camp and this Supreme Court ordered Abrego Garcia be returned and that Trump facilitate the return.


On Sunday, Donald Trump filed paperwork in the federal courts with a declaration and a motion saying that his facilitation is done, that the courts can't dictate what he does. He gave them to Belli and now it's under the sole custody of Belli in El Salvador. And Trump says, I'm done. I'm not bringing him back. I'm defying you Supreme Court. I'm defying you. District court judge. What are you going to do about it? So Trump throwing the United States into both a financial crisis as well as a constitutional crisis all at once and layer in there an international crisis as well as we saw over this weekend on Palm Sunday, what was taking place?


You had the Putin regime, one of Trump's buddies, the Putin regime bombed Sumi, the city of Sumi in Ukraine, two ballistic missiles killing at least 34, injuring 120 innocent Ukrainians. And right before that happened, Donald Trump sent his special envoy. Steve Whitcock, who put his hand on his heart, looked like he was pledging allegiance to to Putin. Oh, by the way, this was also posted on Donald Trump's social media app as well. The kids' guide to Doge discover for kids how dojo's efforts to cut government waste are paving the way for your children's prosperous future.


Donald Trump also posted videos of himself golfing, posing in front of gold statues, going to UFC matches other MAGA people over the weekend. The MAGA wrappers, like for Gcio Blow, whatever this guy is posting videos of himself with stacks of money must be great. Your stacks of money, as people have lost their life, life savings as their 4 0 1 Ks are in the gutter as their account college accounts for their kids are in the gutter. As homes are less affordable, as the bond market is imploding, as the dollar is crashing, you're walking around with stacks of a hundred dollars bills. That's what it means to be MAGA today. What in the heck is that? So no wonder Republicans fear that Trump's trade wars tariff policies and overall reckless behavior could cause them a wipe out in the midterm elections.


This from the Hill Republicans fear Trump's trade war could lead to political wipeout. And remember how it was reported this weekend that the Trump regime was going to provide exemptions to the tariffs as it relates to electronics, laptops, semiconductors, and iPhones, then Trump posts. Nobody is getting off the hook for the unfair trade balances and non-monetary tariff barriers that other countries have used against us, especially China. There was no tariff exception on Sunday or Friday. These products are subject to the 20% Fentanyl tariffs. So just in case you're losing track, there were reciprocal tariffs, but actually not reciprocal tariffs on everyone but Russia.


Then the tariffs went down to 10% on everyone but China for 90 days, except actually 25% tariffs on Mexico and Canada. Then 50% more tariffs on China, then 50% even more tariffs on China, but not computers and electronics, but maybe on computers and electronics. Also due to a system glitch, a lot of the tariffs haven't been collected at all. Also separate other tariffs on steel pharmaceuticals and semiconductors maybe will be happening if Ron wrote a really good one right there. Also, there's this post right here of Donald Trump waiting for Xi Jinping to give him a call, but Xi Jinping of China is not giving them a call. Also, if you go on TikTok, you have all of these Chinese influencers who are just mocking the United States in MAGA and Trump's behavior, and they're like, oh, you're calling us peasants.


Really? You're calling us peasants when we hold your debt. I mean, you think about it, China holds what close to a trillion dollars in treasury notes of the United States. What if they just start dumping those as well, and the rest of the world does. You know what that's going to do to the bond market here in the United States? Do you know what China can actually do based on Trump's reckless handling of this trade war? I mean, we're talking about as this GS desk Pascal, a statement goes, judging only from price action, we are suddenly witnessing a comprehensive turn away from US Assets, stocks, USTs, corporate credit dollars, bonds. The single most theme to monitor over the coming days, weeks, and months is that the United States is no longer viewed as a stable economic market.


Oh, And by the way, you want an update on Doge. Elon Musk now says his group will produce only 15% of the savings at promise. But even that estimate is inflated with errors and guesswork. So at most you're gonna be talking about 150 billion in savings, but that's probably all made up too. So it's no savings at all. Also, if you actually look at the federal spending taking place on the Trump regime where they wanna spend $1 trillion on the military industrial complex, Trump said 1 trillion. Also, all of this money for Trump's authoritarian machinations and all the terrorizing of immigrants and all of these things that Trump's doing there and also Trump's vacations to Mar-a-Lago.


There's way more federal spending right now, just objectively based on the data than under former President Biden. Everything this regime does is an utter failure and an utter mess. Let me leave you with this right here. This is Ray Dalio. He predicted the great recession in 2008. He's a billionaire investor. This is not a liberal guy by any stretch of the imagination. It's not a lefty by any stretch of the imagination. I mean, this is in my, in my view of Ray, he's a wr, a right leaning financial guy. He goes, I'm worried about something much worse than a recession. He's referring to a depression. He's saying that Donald Trump is bringing us into a depression right now.


And if you look at what Trump is doing to the bond markets, if you look at the 5, 10, 20, 30 year treasury yields right now that are skyrocketing, which they're not supposed to, if you look at mortgage rates going up to about 7%, if you look at the fact that the American bond market's imploding, the conditions are here, the issues going to be which entity, which institution is going to now default and will that create a domino effect? Because that's the type of downward pressures that the Trump regime is putting on the economy here in the United States. Not just with the tariffs themselves, but with the chaos and the volatility that on the whims of an authoritarian leader in the United States, all of a sudden there's fundamental shifts and changes in the economy based on his tweets or social media posts.


Here's Dalio Play this clip. I think that right now we are at a decision making point and very close to a recession. And I'm worried about something worse than a recession. If this isn't handled well, a recession is two negative quarters of GDP and whether it goes slightly there, we always have those things. We have something that's much more profound. We have a breaking down of the monetary order. We are going to change the monetary order because we cannot spend the amounts of money. So we have that problem. And when we talk about the dollar and we talk about tariffs, we have that we are having a profound changes in our domestic order.


How ruling is existing and we're having profound changes in the world order such times are very much like the 1930s. I've studied history and this repeats over and over again. So if you take tariffs, if you take debt, if you take the rising power, challenging existing power, if you take those factors and look at the factors that those changes in the orders, the systems are very, very disruptive. How that's handled could produce something that is much worse than a recession. Well, there you have it, folks. A lot left a lot of other things to report as well. But you do have Republicans worried about the wipe out. You do have people standing up in Salt Lake City.


You have Donald Trump, a deranged, lunatic, sexual abuser, sexual predator, felon fraud, engaging in this horrific conduct. And then you have the MAGA Republicans basically saying, what can we do? We we, he he's, he does the art of the deal. He does the art of the deal. Please hit subscribe. We need to get to 5 million subscribers. Check out store dot Midas Touch dot com as well to see all the Midas merch that we've got as well, store dot Midas Touch dot com and hit subscribe here at our YouTube channel. Thanks for watching new Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more all at store. Do Midas Touch dot com.