
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt-in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wage amount. C terms is sports book.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Donald Trump is now so unpopular in Canada that the right wing party that were big supporters of Donald Trump and maga, they were the Maple Maga, are now pretending that Donald Trump wants them to lose in the upcoming election. Because if Donald Trump wants them to lose reverse psychology, maybe they can claim that they're the party. Donald Trump hates the most so stupid. The Canadian people are smarter than that. They don't have the MAGA mush brain that we see here in the United States. This is the plan of Pierre Pev, the leader of the Maple MAGA Conservative Party at the federal level. So Donald Trump went on Laura Ingraham in the past few days, and Donald Trump, it was clearly a scripted moment.


His team probably worked it out with the Canadian Conservative Party. And Donald Trump's like, I prefer to work with the liberal party. I wanna work with Mark Carney. And then immediately Pierre Poey have the conservative party leader who will be running against Kearney, Carney's, the current Prime Minister goes. You see, you see, Trump likes the Liberal party and he hates us. Therefore, vote for us. No Bre Pev. We got the receipts. We know your Maple Maga, we know this Putinesque plan. You contrive because once upon a time, the conservative party was supposed to win the upcoming federal elections, and now the liberal party is surging ahead and it looks like Prime Minister Kearney and the liberal party could pull off a big upset and win the upcoming election and be able to form a government against all of the odds from what things were like months ago.


Because Kearney is standing up to Trump because the liberal party in Canada stands up to Donald Trump, unlike the Maple MAGA Conservative Party. Here's what Pierre Pev actually posted yesterday, and this was clearly boosted by Elon Musk. Then I'm gonna show you all of the receipts, and I've got a bunch of receipts showing how Maple MAGA Pierre pev is showing Donald Trump's support of Pierre Pev and the Conservative party showing Pierre pev going all these right wing podcasts and Elon Musk boosting Pierre Po. And the Conservative Party, I can hardly wait to show it to you, as you could probably tell. Anyway, here's what po here's what PO posted. He goes, last night, president Donald Trump endorsed Mark Carney the current Prime minister liberal party leader.


Why? Because as Trump said, he's easier to deal with and knows that I will be a tough negotiator and will always put Canada first. Carney is weak and would cave to Trump's demands just like he did when he moved his company headquarters from Canada to New York. Canadians don't want weaken conflicted leader. They want a strong prime minister who will put Canada first. Dude, you're literally Maple Maga. I think some of your campaign advisors would walk around in their MAGA hats and like promote MAGA merchandise. Oh, we've got the receipts. But let me show this to you first. This was about, what, three or four months ago, where Donald Trump said that he would look forward to working with Pierre Pev because their views were more aligned here.


This is Donald Trump saying it. Let's play it. The the G seven is not exactly strong. I think Trudeau might resign today. Are you looking forward to working with Pierre Po the the new guy? I'm, if that's, if that's what happens, certainly it would be, it would be very good. More our views would be more aligned. Certainly. Now, as this one account says, are Trump n Pierre Pev the same, same page, same playbook, same outcome. As Guy Licella points out he goes, red Flag Canada. Don't make the same mistake as the United States hashtag Team Canada hashtag elbows up Canada here.


Just watch this video clip right here, and you'll see exact same playbook, exact same rhetoric. I'll show it to you. Let's play it. Fake news. Fake news. The left wing censorship regime, their woke censorship ideology have turned our once great cities into cesspools of bloodshed and crime has unleashed a crime wave like we have never seen. We have to stop with political correctness woke, political correctness defeating the radical left radical leftist authoritarian agenda. We want those great Canadian truckers to know that we are with them all the way. I'm proud of the truckers and I stand with them a chance. Your organization, you're attacking our news organization, your Organization. Can you give us a chance To ask?


Let's, we we have, we, we have basically a, a liberal heckler who snuck in here. Wow. Right, Mike drop. Then by the way, you had the playbook being executed before Donald Trump talked about annex in Canada before Donald Trump, you know, started talking about the 51st state rhetoric. Maple Maga Pierre Pev were following the playbook of the Trump MAGA movement. They go on the right wing podcasters hear Pierre Pev goes on the Jordan Peterson podcast, Jordan Peterson, far right wing kind of conspiracy theorist that kind of is. He goes, Canada's next prime minister, Elon Musk boosts, it, puts his finger on the scale on the Canadian election, I guess Canada, if you want Doge Canada.


Pierre Pev is your guy, Elon Musk doing the exact same shtick. And by the way, in this interview as well with Jordan Peterson, Pierre Pev talks about, you know, healthcare should not be a right, you know, woke a this woke a that, and Elon Musk boosted the crap out of this right wing Jordan Peterson interview. Why? Elon Musk wants his tentacles. He wants his doge dirty paws into Canada. He wants to destroy Canada, Musk and Peterson and Pierre Pev. They want to do the horrors and atrocities you're seeing here. That's what they wanted to bring to Canada.


I mean, just, just look at it. Same rhetoric here. Here PO is on Jordan Peterson and they're like, oh, we've gotta stop the wokeness. All the woke and the woke in Toronto and the wokeness, I'm, I'm only gonna play you 19 seconds of it because that's about as much as I can tolerate. But as you go throughout the interview, they talk about gutting healthcare. They say, they talk about gutting dental and gutting services and how you know that, that these things shouldn't be kind of, you know, rights. But I'll just show you 19 seconds. It's all I can tolerate, so I'll just play this for you. Play it. And by the way, put aside race, this obsession with race that woke has reinserted, well invented, even invented in many ways, mean, look, when I moved to Toronto, it was as race blind as any country, as any city could be, right?


Right. And that's Flip on the other hand, you have the liberal party leader, the current prime Minister, Mark Carney, and here's what he goes, he goes, who's the worst person to stand up to? Donald Trump? Pierre Poef, who worships at the altar of Donald Trump? Let's play it. We have to recognize that Donald Trump of today is different than the Donald Trump of several years ago. Then his objective was to take more of our market. Now he wants to take our country. Let me finish by pointing out one other thing. Who's the worst person to stand up to? Donald Trump? It's Pev. He worships the man. He uses his language. He's not the right person for our country at this crucial Time.


And here you got Mark Carney absolutely cooking. Pierre Pev and his Maple MAGA Act. Watch this Jobs ever had, he, he got his being a politician. He was a political staffer. He got elected to the House of Commons very early on, his low twenties said he was only gonna serve two terms. He's end up serving, I think he's probably into his fifth. He is got the biggest pension, publicly paid pension of anyone. And he's that lifelong politician that, you know, you can only believe so much in the free market if you're a tenured professor at Chicago or you're a lifelong politician, right? And he just sort of worships in that world. He defaults to the same solutions all the time.


And he's also, I honestly believe he disdains much about the country, much of what I just described, which to me, and I think to Canadians is the nature of the country. He disdains. So he's been on this mantra for the last several years. Canada's broken, Canada's broken, and Canada's broken because we're stupid. Okay? Canada's broken because we're stupid. And that, and, you know, he finds an echo chamber with Jordan Peterson and other people who he sits down and talks with. So there's a disdain for the country that he envisions. It's pretty awkward for him now that the country's coming together and Canadian pride and we're under attack by the very people that he's been cozying up to.


So literally as we speak, he's trying to find a Canadian flag to wrap himself in and, and, and play Patriot last refuge of a scoundrel.


As I'm sure you're aware, from the morning to the evening, I'm recording video after video hosting podcast after podcast. And having all of that coffee that you probably see me drink, was causing me those coffee jitters. And I needed a change in my routine. So that's why I started trying Mud Water. It's refreshing, it's incredible. And it was just the right touch as we head into spring, it's right around the corner spring, and it's the perfect time to refresh your routine as I refreshed my routine. Shake off those winter blues. And here's an easy change you can make. Ditch the endless cups of coffee for something better. Try Mud water, M-U-D-W-T-R. If you're looking to cut out those coffee jitters or avoid the afternoon slump, mud Water is the perfect nourishing drink to help you power through it. It ain't your average cup of Joe. With the blend of cacao, chai, turmeric, and adaptogenic mushrooms, it helps you feel more focused without the crash. It's smooth, steady, and makes you feel better, smooth and steady. I hope that's what you feel about my reporting here on the Midas Touch Podcast. Ready to make the switch to a cleaner energy. Head to mud water.com, MU dwtr.com and grab your starter kit today. Right now, our listeners get an exclusive deal up to 43% off your entire order, plus free shipping and a free rechargeable frother when you use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. That's right, up to 43% off with the code midas@mudwtr.com. After your purchase, they'll ask you how you found them. Please show your support for Midas Touch and let them know we sent you. Keep your energy natural and refreshing all year long with Mud water because life's too short for anything less than clean delicious energy. That's M-U-D-W-T r.com and use the code Midas.


Okay? So I wanted to share that with you first so you have the background. Here's when Donald Trump went on, Laura Ingraham, here's what he said. And I, again, obviously, in my opinion, in coordination with Pierre Po Epstein, you know, I'm sure Pierre Po Epstein was like, just go on and say like, you hate me, say so. You don't like the conservative party. Say you wanna work with the liberal party because you're so hated in Canada, that then the Canadians like, they'll be like, okay, so I guess we gotta vote poll Ev because Trump likes the liberals now. So we, we wanna like whoever Donald Trump, it's, it's the silliest logic, it's illogic, but here, play this clip. And that gonna be, make them more hostile to us.


And possibly also, No, I'd rather deal with a liberal than a Consumer for China closer to Canada, and that would really put us in a bind. The conservative that's running is stupidly no friend of mine. I don't know, but he said negative things. So when he says negative things, I couldn't care less. I think it's easier to deal actually with a liberal, Okay, I, I, I'm pretty confident Canadian See through that shtick, and I think it makes it look extra desperate by Pierre Pev. I think this Trump PEV stunt is going to backfire in their faces as Trump claims that he's supporting the liberal party. Okay? We, we, we know that's not the case. I really like this from Prime Minister Kearney.


So when he came back from his meeting in Europe, first he met with French President, Emmanuel Macron, then he went to UK Prime Minister Kier Starer high level meetings. And one of the messages that he came out with is he goes, look, you know, like Maple Maga boy, doge boy Pierre Pev, he couldn't do this trip. Like he would not be treated with respect in Europe. By the way, does he even have a security clearance? Like I don't, I don't think the guy doesn't, he doesn't even have a security clearance. He, he's, he's, he's too busy doing what? And by the way, sound familiar here. There's so many of these MAGA types in government who don't have the security clearance here, play this clip.


It's Globe and Mail. We understand that you have now placed your assets in a blind trust. Yes. So you don't know what's happening to them going forward, but you knew what they were going into that blind trust. So what are they? Look, Stephanie, I follow the rules of the ethics commissioner, I'm following them well in advance of any of the requirements, as you know. 'cause I know you know this, you know that these requirements come into effect in months. We're talking days after I became Prime Minister. So I, I'm complying with the rules of the Ethics Commissioner going through the processes and all this things that are necessary.


And I will remind you, and I'll remind Canadians again that the leader of the opposition cannot find it. And look, you look at the questions this evening, you look at the nature of the discussions. Look at the nature of discussions. I had the President of France, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, the leader of the opposition would not be capable of having those discussions because the leader of opposition refuses to get his security clearance. Something that it took me a few weeks to get, and he has been the leader of the opposition for three years. So I comply with my responsibilities, I comply with the rules well in advance. And the leader of the opposition doesn't take his responsibilities at a time of, well, you should take these responsibilities at any time.


But is particularly remarkable given the stakes in, in global geopolitics at the moment, the rules Say powerful moment after Pierre, after Prime Minister Kearney was sworn in. Here he is talking about responding to Trump's 51st state claim. Let's play It. We will never, ever, in any way, shape or form be part of the United States. America's not Canada. Look at the ceremony. We just have. You could not have had that ceremony. We, you would not have that ceremony in America. Look at the cabinet behind me. You would not have that cabinet in America. You do not have that cabinet in America. We are very fundamentally different country.


The president is, is a successful business person and deal maker. We're his largest client in so many industries as the minister of Minister of Finance and the Minister of Industry, mic Shang have made this point and clients expect respect and, and working together in a, in a proper commercial way. Are you not gonna speak with President Trump until he cuts out this 51st state talk? No, I, I look forward to speaking with President Trump. Just to be clear, I we respect the United States.


We respect President Trump. President Trump is, has put some very important issues at the top of his agenda. We understand his agenda. And just so you see here, as Mark Garrettson points out, while Pierre Po tries to rebrand his messaging and claim he's not Maple Maga look at his own campaign manager wearing the, the MAGA hat. And then Pierre Pev was asked if, if, if you've told people in your caucus to stop wearing the MAGA hat, and he can't even say that he told them to stop wearing the maga I mean, these are maple bagga maga hat people, the po ev crew, the Doge crew, the Elon Musk crew, the Jordan Peterson crew here play this clip.


What Instructions have you given your caucus members and your candidates about wearing MAGA merchandise or using MAGA slogans? Well, my instruction is that we should put Canada first. We, we wanna put our country first stand up for our country against both American aggression, but also against the destructive liberal policies that have made us helpless and reliant on the us. I have also made it clear to my members of parliament that we should favor bringing jobs back to Canada, not move them to the United States of America as Mark Harney did when he had the chance. Here's The graphic that we made at Midas Touch.


So say like, you hate my guts or something. That's how we envision Pierre Pev saying to Donald Trump, just say, you hate me man, because I'm, I'm now losing the election. Everyone thought that we were gonna win and now because of you, and they know we're Maple Maga and people hate maga. Now you're, you're gonna help me lose, you're gonna make me lose Donald. So say something different. Anyway, I'll leave you with this clip from Mark Carney that he gave when he was announced as the leader of the liberal party about two weeks ago. Let's play it. America is not Canada and Canada never ever will be part of America in any way, shape or form.


We look, we didn't ask for this fight. We didn't ask for this fight, but Canadians are always ready when someone else drops the gloves. So the Americans, they should make no mistake in trade as in hockey, Canada will win. Yeah. Powerful stuff there. Also, we've been reporting throughout the day as well, and I'm sure you've seen Canadian Airlines, Canada Airlines is canceling flights to the US. A lot of its routes that just don't have people showing up.


Canadians are not flying to the United States anymore. I predicted that the tourism boycott would be closer to 100%. I'm seeing some stats that say leisure travel to the US by Canadians is down about 85% in some areas. That's more in line with what I thought it was going to be. I mean, number one, I understand ideologically the boycott, but number two, if you're traveling here, who knows If you show up and then all of a sudden, you know, know you're sent to El Salvador concentration camps without due process. 'cause Trump claims you're a gang member or they put you in an ice detention center. Right?


I mean, we've seen examples of of Canadians who have flown here and they've ended up in ice detention centers without due process. You know, it's, it's, it's actually an authoritarian regime here right now. And so there's, there's that and the ideological reasons, ideological common sense reasons Trump's basically not. Basically he's declared war on Canada. Say he wants to annex it, steal the land. Anyway, we see through Donald Trump and Pierre Paul's plan. I know you do too. We love our Canadian support. I'm such a big fan of the Maple Midas. Appreciate you so much. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas.


Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast Daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


We interrupt this program to bring you an important Wayfair message. Wayfair's got style tips for every home. This is Nicole Byer helping you make those rooms flyer today's style tip when it comes to making a statement. Treat bold patterns like neutrals. Go wild. Like an untamed animal Print area rug under a rustic farmhouse table from wayfair.com. Ooh, fierce. This has been your Wayfair style tip to keep those interiors superior. Wayfair, Every style, every home.