
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit Chem Dry dot com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit Chem Dry dot com today.


Hi, I'm Kristen Bell. Carvana makes car buying easy. Isn't that right, hun? Dax Dax, Sorry. Did You know about this seven day money back guarantee A week to evaluate seat coms, you say A week of terrain tests. Yeah, I can test the brake pad resistance at variable speeds. Make sure all the kids' stuff fits nicely. Make sure our stuff fits nicely. Oh, the right. Still need to buy the car getting ahead of ourselves. Here. Buy your car with Carvana today.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 T's and C's apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


We are now learning that Donald Trump's been telling his staff on this Middle East trip that the reason he absolutely needs this gold plated $400 million 7 47 jet from the Qatari is that he just feels you humiliated when he has to meet the royal families of these Middle East nations who are giving his family all of this money and he has to go around in the regular Air Force one. He says that he needs a gold-plated Air Force one so that his jets can look like their royal jets and that would make him feel stronger when he meets with them.


This is the latest reporting from the Atlantic. I'm not making that up folks. And why would you think I am? I mean, that's Donald Trump's personality to a t. Trump has told AIDS and advisors that it is humiliating to him when he has to show around and show up and fly around in an outdated plane and that foreign leaders are laughing at him when he shows up to these various summits in older versions of the Air Force. One, you think that's why they're laughing at you. Maybe they know how weak and pathetic you are that they know that you are an easy mark to manipulate. They know like Cutter whose entire annual GDP is $200 billion a year that all they have to do is tell you that they're going to invest $1.2 trillion in the United States like six times what their actual GDP is.


And you'll believe that, or you won't even care because you're a con artist to begin with. You'll then give them all of the benefits that they want. Meanwhile, they're out there funding Hamas. You'll be out there doing what the Saudis want while you attack our allies in Europe while you attack our ally in Canada while you attack our allies abroad. You wanna know Donald, what people are laughing at, they're laughing at when you send emails like this. This is the email from Donald Trump to his supporters this morning. Please open this email if you love me. Open this right now. If you love me, do you love me?


He sent this one on May 10th, but he sends this one like every other day. Do you love me? Open this email. That's what the president of the United States is sending to Grift off his supporters. Then of course it asks for financial contributions to him. Seriously. Donald Trump is out there posting things like this, like he loves being in royal palaces. I mean, do you see how gaudy he's made the Oval Office where he painted like fake gold statutes around the Oval Office? Here's what Donald Trump is posting this Morning. America First, am I right? Trump attends state dinner at Lucille Palace in Qatar.


Oh, Donald, you and the regime are at Lucille Palace in Qatar. While American people can't even afford groceries while you promise to bring prices down and they are going up while you promise to make housing more affordable and housing is less affordable, while you've utterly destroyed the bond market right now, the 10, 20, 30 year treasury yields, they may hit a five handle. They're heading towards 5%, which is gonna screw with mortgage rates. And by the way, You know what Walmart just announced, Donald. The tariffs are more. This is what the Walmart CFO said this morning. So while you were out there in Lucille Palace, Donald I know live in the lavish life with the Royals in Cutter who give you bribes, the tariffs.


This is from the Walmart CFO. The tariffs are more than any retailer can absorb. It's more than any supplier can absorb. And so I'm concerned that the consumer is going to start seeing higher prices. You'll begin to see that likely towards the tail end of this month, and then certainly much more in June. Also, one of the things that we've been talking about and other analysts like bursal is saying it as well, the bond market is not buying it, it being Trump, the Trump regime fraud. And that is because fixed income investors are sniffing out the logic of economic populism amid a move toward trade protectionism, which strongly implies higher inflation and rising long-term yields.


You wanna know what the European Union and Japan think about you, Donald, as you go on east foolish trips to the Middle East and announce your fake deals as you announced your fake deal with the United Kingdom, where the only thing that actually came out of that fake deal was that Jaguar Land Rover and Rolls Royce got preferential treatment over American car manufacturers. Donald in comments before a European Union meeting of trade ministers in Brussels, he said the European Union should not jump too fast. The block he said did not need a quick deal with Donald. And that seemed to be the sentiment of others such as Japan.


EU ministers aim far higher than that British US trade deal. European Union trade ministers want a more ambitious trade deal than what took place with the uk 'cause they wanna do a fake deal with you, Donald. You wanna know why people are laughing at you as well. Donald, while you were in Qatar, this was the speech that you gave. You talked about that You're not a huge believer in stealth because you don't like the shapes. You said you don't like the shapes. What the hell are you talking about? Play This clip Never made. And so I want to do that. And sometimes, You know, stealth, they do stealth. I'm not a huge believer in stealth 'cause stealth is basically a lot of it's the design and the shape and I'm, You know, I'm, I'm sure you maybe think, but also if if, if that's the case, they're gonna figure it out pretty fast I think.


So you're gonna design an ugly plane for stealth reasons and then six months later they're gonna figure out this and then you're stuck with a plane. Now we have, we're doing, we're doing a super F 22 and we're gonna be going with it pretty, pretty quickly. And then I


Can we geek out for a minute on something? I think it's gonna be helpful, helpful for you. It's called Fatty 15. It's co-founder Dr. Stephanie Vin Watson discovered C 15 as the first essential fatty acid to be found in 90 years while working with the US Navy to improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep our cells healthy, which keeps us healthy. So if you want To get sciencey about it, studies show that C 15, it works by strengthening ourselves, improving our mitochondrial function and protecting us against damaging free radicals. So if you feel like how could I stop aging faster or I'm sleeping poorly or feeling sluggish? The bottom line is that many of us are deficient in C 15, which results in weaker cells, which results in those things. So Fatty 15 is the science fact award-winning vegan and pure C 15 supplement that steps in and helps. It works in multiple ways. It repairs age, age related damage to cells. It protects them from future breakdowns. It boosts mitochondrial energy output and activates pathways in the body that help regulate sleep, mood, natural repair mechanisms that support our overall help. So deeper sleep, smoother functioning joints, healthier hair, skin and nails. That's essential. And the C 15 helps here in fatty 15 deliver. So it comes in these gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jars and refill capsules that are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches made from recycled materials. I love that. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your se, your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/midas and using the code Midas at checkout. That's fatty fifteen.com/midas FA tt y fifteen.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Use that code Midas at checkout M-E-I-D-A-S.


Then you went on to say that we're no longer losing $1 trillion because you paused all trade to China for one month and therefore we're not losing a trillion dollars. You have no clue what you were even talking about here at play. This clip Funders just pay off that we're making. We're making a lot of money. We had, we had a situation six months ago, we were losing $5 billion a day on trade. Now we're making money on trade. Don't forget we were losing a trillion dollars to China. So we essentially went cold Turkey with China for a period of a month. Therefore we weren't losing a trillion dollars.


You know, I think that's pretty simple, Scott, right? Scott did a great job over there. They made a deal. They have great relationships with China. You might, I mean, is he the biggest laughing stock or what? I mean, look at when he said this. We're a laughing stock. Play this clip and The job you've done is second to none. You look at, this is so beautiful as a construction person, I'm seeing perfect marble. This is what they call perfecto and just a great job you've done. And what a beautiful place. And we appreciate those camels. I haven't seen camels on that in a long time. And that was some greeting we appreciate very Much. Now there was supposed to be very important diplomatic discussions in Turkey today where Putin originally said that he wanted to negotiate directly with Zelinsky.


Zelinsky said, I'll negotiate directly with Putin in Turkey. Donald Trump, you show up. Donald Trump is not showing up to Turkey and Donald Trump claims because he's not showing up to Turkey. That's why Putin is not showing up to Turkey. So as, so this is the art of the deal. After telling Zelinsky he should show up because y'all were gonna show up. Now you don't show up. Oh, a master at work, a master at work here play this clip. Jennifer, go ahead. Disappointed by that. No, I, I didn't anticipate. I actually said, why would he go if I'm not going? Because I wasn't going to go, I wasn't planning to go.


I would go, but I wasn't planning to go. And I said, I don't think he's gonna go if I don't go. And, and that's turned out to be right. But we have people there. Marco, as You know, is doing a fantastic job. Marco's there, secretary of State and we have people there, but I don't, I don't, I didn't think it was possible for Putin to go if I'm not there. Jennifer, do you have an update, sir, on This? Here's Donald Trump talking about F 30 fives. He says he wants to call 'em F 55. He loves to like name things. I'm gonna call him F 50 fives. Maybe we put four engines on them. I like four engines, maybe eight engines, but they, they look ugly. What are you talking about? Play this clip.


Great, Great display. So we're gonna see that. But one of the things for the people that are interested in the military that I asked to look into, the F 35, we're doing an upgrade, a simple upgrade, but we're also doing an F 55. I'm gonna call it an F 55. And that's gonna be a, a substantial upgrade, but it's gonna be also with two engines because the F 35 has a single engine. I don't like single engines. Even this man, he's the best in the world at engines. But on occasion, I know you won't admit this, if an engine goes out, it's nice to have two, three or four. That's why I like the 7 47. It's got four and, but today they're getting very big and it's a little more cost saving.


They have two very, very big ones. But no matter how good, You know, they tell me, Larry, the engine will never go out. Well, I think it goes out. Two more pieces of data that I want to give you this morning. Number one, the Trump Kushner grift in Serbia just hit a snag. They were trying to build a hotel in, where is it? In, in, in Serbia, Trump, Kushner Hotel Serbia hits a snag over an alleged forgery. Serbian authorities say an official admitted to forging documents, allowing a protected site in Belgrade to be demolished and replaced with a Trump hotel. Yeah. So Trump wanted to demolish a historic site using forged documents in Serbia.


Does that shock you there? And then here's Donald Trump's post this morning. Some all caps, you can't even read these things because they're just so incoherent. I mean, just physically, look at this post. Big case today in the United States Supreme Court birthright, citizenship was not meant for people taking vacations to become a permanent citizens of the United States and bring their families with them all the time, laughing at the suckers that we are every for Donald Trump. I just want you to think about this guy. Everybody in his mind, everybody's laughing at him. Oh, they're calling us suckers, suckers, suckers.


They're not gonna like my jet. They're not gonna, like my America is the most powerful nation in the world. We were on top of the world. Where were all of the countries put their money? Why would they be laughing at us and then trusting the United States with their money? Why was the dollar the world's currency? Why were our bond markets so strong? Why was it that foreign investors would always wanna buy homes in the United States? It's not 'cause they were laughing at us. It's 'cause they're laughing at you, Donald. It's because you are a pathetic, vile piece of trash, felon, sexual abuser, fraud.


Bankrupt her. They're, maybe they're laughing at you, but not what our country is. And now they're laughing at our country because of you. You're trying to tamper with the Supreme Court's decision making today. Just stay the hell at Lucille Palace in Qatar. Why don't you just do that? 'cause that's what you seem to like. You know, if you don't like our constitution, look, maybe people go, I don't, I don't like birthright citizenship, by the way. I, I'm fine with it. I like it. But let's say people don't like it. You know how you deal with it. Maybe you pass a law, maybe you pass a constitutional amendment. Maybe you go through a process that's due due process.


Why don't we call it due process? Why don't we go through the system that we have in America versus you signing some phony executive order and decreeing things. That's my view today. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.