
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into Sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


If you have kids or pets, you know stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com Today.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle-free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing, and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to carvana.com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply


The vile grifter and fell in. Donald Trump continues to be a vile grifter. Emails like this were being sent from Trump to people on his email list this morning. Please, please confirm receipt, please. And then when you click it, it says, I need 3 million responses right away. And then when you click the button, it asks you for money. Now, This says Donald Trump had the MAGA Republicans push through that disastrous budget bill that's going to get rid of your Medicaid, probably get rid of your Medicare, it's gonna get rid of supplemental nutrition assistance programs. Get rid of rental assistance. I think 13 to 14 million Americans at least are going to lose their healthcare.


And we're probably gonna start to see about $4 trillion annual deficits pretty soon. This thing is a massive disaster. Even a MAGA Republican Thomas Massey who did not support this bill says, you're probably looking at 20 to th $30 trillion additions to the deficit as a result of this disaster. While all of this is taking place, what is Donald Trump doing? Well, tonight is the big night for Donald Trump's crypto coin. The Trump crypto scam. Shit coin, meme, coin. They're holding a dinner right now, access for Donald Trump. It's about $1 million per seat.


When you actually look at the people who have bought Trump's meme coin, about 55,000 or so, people lost money off of Donald Trump's meme coin. I think there was a report that said about 25 or 30 wallets actually made money off of it. And the people who put the most money into it get access with Donald Trump literally selling access. And we know yesterday the Trump regime officially accepted the $400 million Qatari airplane to be used by Donald Trump. I call it a bribe 'cause that's what I believe it to be. Now that's how you know the United States for sale $400 million.


And also you saw yesterday the South African President OSA was there and said, sorry, I can't get you an airplane, Donald. He goes, well, if you did, I would take your airplane. How embarrassing and humiliating for the United States to have that. But the Wall Street Journal reports how a crypto billionaire who feared arrest in the US is now returning to the United States for dinner with Donald Trump. Justin Sun, whose digital currency network is popular with crypto industries. Criminal underbelly is a top investor in Trump's mean coin and other Trump crypto endeavors. He will be partying it up with Donald Trump because he's given millions of dollars to the Trump family exactly what our constitution and our laws seek to avoid.


But we now have a cto, an authoritarian regime in the United States, and a pretty stupid one as well. This also from the Wall Street Journal, Trump's Mar-a-Lago and Bedminster clubs are taking in more money than ever. Donald Trump is now raising the entry fees at many of his resorts, which attract donors seeking to influence his policy. So it now costs a record $1 million to join Mar-a-Lago Trump's Florida resort, according to people familiar with the membership fees up from about $500,000 during his first term. So in addition to the meme coins, in addition to all the other crap that he sells, the sneakers, now it costs a million dollars to have access to his club, which he declares as a residence to deflate its value by calling it a club, which He says is $26 million to pay less property tax.


But then claims to the world it's actually worth a billion dollars, which he doesn't pay property tax on Donald Trump. And Melania made this announcement through Fox News as well. Ai Melania, the first lady, embarks on a new frontier in publishing with the audio book. Audio book memoir. Okay, what, what's the new frontier here? I mean, we, we've seen Google vo, we've seen all of these. It's not a new frontier that Melania after living in the United States for as long as she did. I I, I mean, I'm not trying to be offensive. I, I can't understand what Melania is saying. Very rarely can I understand what she's saying. And now they're having an AI Melania.


I wonder how that's gonna sound. And that's one of their big pushes today to this isn't gonna help the American people, it's just further grifting from the Trumps. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, they have created an AI Melania to read her audio book memoir quote, I'm proud to be at the forefront of publishing's new frontier. And AI generated replica of my voice under strict supervision will establish an unforgettable connection with my personal story. You know, the unforgettable connection that y'all should really care about. A connection with the people who are going to be suffering as a result of this disastrous budget bill, which is the largest redistribution of wealth in the history.


As you steal people's healthcare, as you take away their Medicaid and their Medicare and Supplemental Nutrition assistance program, as you literally steal their education, you're giving it to the billionaires who party at Mar-a-Lago for a $1 million entry fee. It is utterly pathetic and utterly ridiculous, and it's going to further erode the United States of America's international standing or what is left of it, what is left of it? Well, now the 10 year treasury yields hit a high of 4.623%, which is the highest level in a very long period of time. The 30 year treasury yields are way past a five handle at this point.


Oh, and if you want to take a look right now at the credit default swaps of the United States, they're priced just as expensively as Greece, which went bankrupt recently. So the United States and Greece, the United States and Argentina, the United States and Hungary, the United States and El Salvador, that's kind of the group of kind of losers right there. While Donald Trump thinks that that makes him strong and he attacks our allies like Canada and Europe and others who have actually significant annual GDPs, while Qatar's GDP is $200 billion a year, and Donald Trump takes a $400 million jet from them.


So yesterday also was the third worst stock market reaction to a bond auction in history. It was a horrible bond auction because the international markets, international buyers of our bonds don't wanna buy it anymore. That's why the 10, 20, 30 year treasury yields are going very, very high in order to actually find a buyer of these bonds. That's not good. But also as at, at as this impacts the consumer, the overall rise in prices charge for goods and services in May was the steepest since August, 2022, which is indicative of consumer price inflation moving sharply higher.


Now, you know this, we don't have to listen to pundits. You don't even have to listen to me. You go into the grocery store, you go into a a, whatever stores you go into to buy things, right? And what do you see? The prices are higher, they're not going down. So when Donald Trump and his idiots say, oh, it's going down. We've fixed everything. Things are great. They are not great.


So you ever try to split a bill with friends and someone goes, I'll get you back next time. Yeah, next time never comes. Let's face it. And that's why I love CashAppPod. It's fast, super easy to use, and honestly just way better than the other apps I signed up in like a minute and was sending money instantly. No weird fees, no nonsense. And here's the thing, CashAppPod actually looks out for you. If you're about to send money to someone sketchy, it'll flag it and give you a heads up. It's like having a bodyguard for your cash. And come on. It even lets you add custom text stamps and backgrounds. If I'm paying you back for brunch, I'm doing it with style. So for some reason you're still living in the dark ages and don't have CashAppPod. Here's how to get started. Download it from your phone's app store. Sign up, enter our code, Midas into your profile, send $5 to a friend and you will get $10 just for getting started. For a limited time only new CashAppPod users can use our exclusive code to earn some additional cash. For real, there is no cash. Just download CashAppPod and sign up. Use our exclusive referral code, Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S in your profile. Send $5 to a friend within 14 days and you'll get $10 Dropped right into your account terms apply. That's money. That's CashAppPod.


And by the way, that's what they're saying. I mean, you have Donald Trump's Commerce Secretary, Howard Lutnick giving these tone deaf speeches or interviews at these conferences and say, we aren't doing, he does this stupid thing with his hand too. We're doing so good right now. Like who, what the, the stupid hand things these people do. It's just like obvious that they're con we are doing so good right now. We, we, this is the greatest. All prices are low. We've solved inflation. No, you are just a fast talking two bit con artist. That's who you are. Here play this clip of him right here. Everything in the world's got 10%.


You go to the store now, are you feeling the pain? No. Why not? Because there is no pain. Because what happens is the sellers, the producers, the sellers, and the currencies change and the price effectively mostly goes away. I'm not, you know, what's the inflation rate in America? Two odd percent. Okay? Two odd percent. But seriously, for the month of May, all every product in the world's got 10% on it right now, with no exceptions, no exclusions. This, that we have 25% on cars And that are coming in from out. Do any of you feel anything? 'cause I want you to understand, in the month of May, the United States of America is gonna take in $35 billion towards our deficit of tariff revenue in the month of May.


And consumers will feel that. Well, I I said it's already on, this is on since April. So consumers will see when it's not that the tariff is coming, it's on. Have any of you felt any of it? Seriously? And folks, I think the people are seeing, and I think the people are getting it. We've seen yet another Ruby red Senate district flip blue get this, a Democrat named Sam Sutton has won New York Senate's District 22 special election earlier this week by 33 points. Now, Trump won this seat by 55 in 2024. This was an 88% over performance for Democrats in terms of, Trump didn't actually win the seat in terms of, in that district, the people who voted for Trump.


That was a red area in New York. And people like Uhuh, this guy's screwing us. This guy's a con artist. We snapped out of it. Oh yes. The felon is acting like a felon. The sexual abuser is acting like a sexual abuser. Surprise, surprise. The fraudster is acting like a fraudster. Oh my gosh. The guy who bankrupted all of his casinos and all of these companies is bankrupting us. Oh, how could, who could have predicted this, that this would happen? The guy's a loser his whole life. He's a freaking felon. He deserves to be imprisoned. That's why you have prisons to lock people like him up, not to send innocent people or people who have not committed crimes to concentration camps without due process.


He trump got due process over and over again. Liable, liable, liable. Guilty. Guilty, guilty. He got due process. French President Emmanuel Macron, though, is like, okay, he's doing a trip to Asia and Southeast Asia. He's going, Europe, we're stable. That, that, that's the pitch right now. The pitch is America is done. That's what's going on in the international community. America is over. America is done. So the European Union is pitching themselves as we're stable, do business with us. China's out there pitching themselves. We're stable. Do business with us.


You know, I, you've, you've heard Trump and Rubio talk about how they don't want to actually have America leading the world. Rubio has given speeches. He sees a multipolar world. We've got the United States, China and Russia as the leaders. That's not what's shaping up. You idiots. First off, America was leading the world. Now America's isolated. Now you have the European Union, you have China acting as adults in the room. How, how crazy is that? That the United States is speaking the way China used to speak and China is speaking the way the United States used to speak. And China's like, whoa. You want, you, you, you want what we had? We wanted what you had.


What are you doing? That's why Trump's such a loser. His framework for everything is being a loser in everything that he absolutely does. Oh, and by the way, Trump and Xi Jinping have not spoken with each other. 'cause Xi Jinping doesn't wanna talk to Trump. Trust me, if Xi Jinping wanted to talk to Trump, he pick up the phone and give him a call. He doesn't wanna talk to Trump. He outmaneuvered Trump. Trump capitulated. Trump caved. Xi Jinping in China did nothing. They gave nothing at all. Nothing at all. If you're wondering why my chair's there and I'm sitting this way, my le my, my leg hurts from, from sitting down. I just noticed that you probably see the chair in the background right there.


Also, existing homes, the slowest sales pace for any since April, 2009. Slowest sales pace since April, 2009, right now, really, really bad stuff. Thomas Massey right here. MAGA Republican congress member. Here's what he had to say. This is the, the one MAGA Republican congress member with the guts to oppose this bill. Here's what he had to say. Play this clip. Recognize Mr. Speaker, I yield one in one half minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky, a man who is not afraid to speak his mind about fiscal responsibility. Mr. Massey, Gentleman from Kentucky's recognized for 90 seconds. Well, I'd love to stand here and tell the American people we can cut your taxes and we can increase spending and everything's going to be just fine.


But I can't do that because I'm here to deliver a dose of reality. This bill dramatically increases deficits in the near term, but promises our government will be fiscally responsible. Five years from now. Where have we heard that before? How do you bind a future Congress to these promises? This bill is a debt bomb ticking. Congress can do funny math, fantasy math if it wants, but bond investors don't. And this week they sent us a message. Moody's downgraded our credit rating. And the bond investors who buy our debt and finance, finance our debt demanded higher interest rates. On the 10 year note, the 20 year note and the 30 year note, what does this mean?


Very soon, the government will be paying $16,000 of interest, interest alone per US family. And what are we telling them? Instead of taking care of that problem, we're gonna give you a $1,600 tax break under the taxing and spending levels in this bill. We're gonna rack up the author, say, $20 trillion of new debt over the next 10 years. I'm telling you, it's closer to $30 trillion of new debt in the next 10 years. Mr. Speaker, we're not rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic. Tonight, we're putting coal in the boiler and setting a course for the iceberg. If something is, if something is beautiful, if something is beautiful, you don't do it after midnight.


I oppose this bill. Time's expired general. Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.