
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


The rural way of life is about making everyone feel at home. Tractor supply shows advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform intelligent customer service. Together we put the power of AI to work across 2200 stores, keeping things running seamlessly inside curbside and countryside. This is elevated customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Nurses, are you tired of spending weeks or even months finding the perfect job that matches your specialty with your ideal shift and salary? LinkedIn has improved your job search experience, search by specialty, the shift you wanna work and the salary you wanna make. Go to linkedin.com/nurses and begin searching today. That's linkedin.com/nurses. Note, side effects may include less time finding the perfect job, working a shift that you love with a salary that can take you to St. Thomas Jamaica. And continuous smiling because of how simple this process was


At Shane Company, we know getting engaged is an exciting time. We also know that finding the perfect engagement ring can be overwhelming as experts in forever love since 1929. We're here to help you get it right. We have a wide selection of beautiful ring styles to choose from, including vintage floral designs, inspired by nature and classic styles with clean lines and sleek metals. We'll also protect your ring for life with our unmatched free lifetime warranty. Get started and find your store@shaneco.com. Shane Company, your friend and jeweler.


Hi. Welcome to ikea. Ah, this is my college campus, correct? But I see you're own ikea.com ordering some college items. My daughter's Room is pretty bare. We need a lamp. Some comfy pillows. Her favorite stuffy Dad with pickup options. We've got what you need to conveniently order Ikea, literally anywhere. Sweet. More time for gaming And studying. Wait, where are you going now? Gotta show the ultimate Frisbee team. How easy it's to order from ikea. Get Ikea whenever. Wherever, however you want. Choose from thousands of pickup locations, affordable delivery options and more.


As Donald Trump is blood thirsty for war in the Middle East, to prove that he's a tough guy. While the entire world realizes how weak and utterly pathetic he is, there's always a social media post or tweet from the past or video showing what a complete and utter fraud he is. But that shouldn't shock you. He is a complete and utter phony and fraud. Let's go back to the debates from the Republican presidential debates back in 20 15, 20 16. Remember when Donald Trump said the following to Jeb Bush as the Tennessee Hollerer says, I dunno, maybe someone should show him these clips here play this clip.


They Lied. Okay. They said there were weapons of mass destruction. There were none. And they knew there were none. There were no weapons of mass. Mass, okay? Destruction. Obviously the war in Iraq was a big fat mistake. All right, now you can take it anywhere you want. And it took J, it took Jeb Bush. If you remember at the beginning of his announcement when he announced the president took him five days, he went back. It was a mistake. It wasn't a mistake. Took him five days before his people told him what to say and he ultimately said it was a mistake. The war in Iraq, we spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives. We don't even have it. Iran is taking over Iraq with the second largest oil reserves in the world.


Obviously it was a mistake. So George Bush made a mistake. We can make mistakes, but that one was a beauty. We should have never been in Iraq. We have destabilized the Middle East. But So you, so I'm gonna you, so you still think he should be impeached? I think it's my Turn, isn't it? You do whatever you want. You call it whatever you want. I wanna tell you, they lied. Okay. They said there were weapons of mass destruction. There were none. And they knew there were none. There were no weapons of mass Destruction. Okay. Alright, go. Our team at the Midas Touch Network compiled this montage of clipse showing that Donald Trump campaigned in 2024 and before as well on stopping endless wars.


He would slam the Middle East conflicts and he would boast that he's the one who would stop World War iii. Play this clip. These Globalists want to squander all of America's strength, blood and treasure chasing monsters and phantoms overseas. In addition, there must also be a complete commitment to dismantling the entire globalist NeoCon establishment that is perpetually dragging us into endless wars, pretending to fight for freedom and democracy abroad. We should have never got into the Middle East. We should have never got into the Middle East. Under my leadership, we will turn the page forever on those foolish stupid days of never ending wars that where we building our military stronger than ever before.


And we are not going to deplete it again on stupid, senseless, endless wars. World War III has never been closer than it is right now. We need the clean house of all of the war mongers and America last globalist in the deep state. I am the President who delivers peace. I was the first president in decades who didn't start a war. And the worst, most incompetent, most corrupt president in history is gonna drag us into World War iii. And his horrible, horrible president is dragging us toward World War iii. We're gonna be in World War III soon because I think we would've been good with Iran.


I don't wanna do anything bad to Iran. Large sections of the Middle East. I mean, look at a death and destruction. That's second place. And none of this would've happened if I were president. Our opponents joined with war mongers and neocons to wage endless wars. These wars that never end together, we're fighting to secure our borders, end the endless foreign wars and defend the working people of America. But the Muslim and Arab voters in Michigan and across the country want a stop to the endless wars and a return to peace in the Middle East. That's all they want. Speaking of World War iii, I'll keep you out of World War iii. What would happen if we had a war?


We won't with me, but you will have World War iii, I believe, without me, but we won't have. I will be sure that World War III will not happen. I'm the only one can say it won't happen. But I stand here today and I'm the only candidate who can make this promise. I will prevent and very easily World War iii very easily. Again, there's always receipts and videos for everything. CNN put together this collection of clips of Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, warning that Iran was close to getting a nuclear weapon 24 hours a week.


It's about to happen. Going back to 1996, we've been hearing this here play this clip. The deadline for attaining this goal is getting extremely co, is extremely close. And Iran, by the way, is also outpacing Iraq in the development of ballistic missile systems that they hope will reach the eastern seaboard of the United States within 15 years. By next spring, at most, by next summer at current enrichment rates, they will have finished the medium enrichment and move on to the final stage. From there, it's only a few months, possibly a few weeks before they get enough enriched uranium for the first bomb.


The four most sponsor of global terrorism could be weeks away from having enough rich uranium for an entire arsenal of nuclear weapons that would place a militant Islamic terror regime weeks away from having the fist all material for an entire arsenal of nuclear bombs, If not stopped, Iran could produce a nuclear weapon in a very short time. It could be a year, it could be within a few months, less than a year. You know, and what, 90 days ago, Tulsi Gabbard, the director of National Intelligence, Trump's DNI, she said, according to the US intelligence community, this was 90 days ago, she said that Iran is not capable of building a nuclear weapon and they're not pursuing a nuclear weapons program.


This is what she said Here, play this clip. The IC continues to assess that Iran is not building a nuclear weapon. And Supreme Leader Khomeini has not authorized the nuclear weapons program that he suspended in 2003. The IC continues to monitor closely if Tehran decides to reauthorize its nuclear weapons program. Now, I wanna be clear about what my position is. I do not want Iran to get a nuclear weapon. Okay? I do not think that the Ayatollah should be leading Iran. I also recognize that regime change means bloody civil war. And that my view American troops should not be sent into the Middle East to be a part of a bloody civil war in Iran or a war in Iran At all.


Donald Trump has alienated our allies at the G 70. He basically gave them the middle finger. The only, I guess, ally that Donald Trump has now is Netanyahu. And for just the US and Israel to go it alone, pursue regime change, which can re lead to regional destabilization committing potentially American troops to an endless war in the Middle East without a plan. I mean, just think about what'll happen in Iran. Let's just say you topple the Ayatollah. Everyone, no one, not a, no one likes the Ayatollah. Okay? I mean, I, I look at those videos and photographs in the seventies before the revolution.


And you see, you know, women's rights. You see people out there looked like a, a modern society, you know, in, in the seventies before it became a a theocracy. But play it out. So we already have the family and the descendants of the Shah saying they want to take over. You have extreme terroristic groups, even more extreme than the Ayatollah who would wanna take over Iran in a power vacuum. The people of Iran, in my opinion, are not going to be okay with Benjamin Netanyahu. Are Trump picking a puppet ruler to lead or picking whoever their ruler is to lead Iran?


So, so play it out. What happens here? Play it out. What happens? And if we're not reaching out to our typical G seven allies, what the hell do you think's gonna happen?


Wow, it wasn't supposed to get this bad. You were on top of your bills, then inflation hit groceries, gas, everything went up. Prices are up 26% from just a few years ago. 26%. It's not your fault you've fallen into debt. Let me share a smarter, faster, and far easier way out of debt. It's called Done with Debt. And they're not like other debt relief companies. They don't push loans or bankruptcy on you. Done with Debt are legendary negotiators who go head to head with your credit card and loan companies. They have one goal to drastically reduce or eliminate your debt altogether. And unlike those others, Done with Debt moves lightning fast. Most clients see more money in their pocket month one, but a word to the wise hurry, because some of their brilliant debt erasing strategies are time sensitive. Do not make another bill payment until you talk to a Done with Debt strategist. It's free visit Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com. Done with Debt dot com.


But by the way, as the Tennessee holler account points out, it's not just Netanyahu. The New York Times has been warning of a nuclear Iran for 30 years also. Now, as I've said before, I don't wanna run to have a nuclear weapon, period, full stop. But I wanna make sure we're getting accurate info and we're not getting played like the WMDs in Iraq. And this is gonna be Iraq, you know, times 10. Here play this clip.


So Donald Trump was asked when he was flying back from the G seven, because he was too cowardly to spend Tuesday to be with President Zelinsky Trump was asked your own director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard testified in March that Iran was not building nuclear weapon weapons. And Trump's response was, I don't care what she's saying, play this clip. But how Close do you personally think that they were to getting one? Because Tulsi G, very close, Tulsi g testified in March that, that the intelligence community said Iran wasn't building a nuclear weapon. I Don't care what she said. I think they were very close to having The IC continues to assess that Iran is not building a nuclear weapon.


And Supreme leader Khomeini has not authorized the nuclear weapons program that he suspended in 2003. Or Donald, maybe you wanna watch this video of yourself when Obama was in office when you said, oh, our president will start a war with Iran because he's so stupid. Here, play this clip. Our president will start a war with Iran because he has absolutely no ability to negotiate. He's weak and he is ineffective. And now you have Tucker Carlson and Steve Bannon basically saying, it's Trump and Fox propaganda that's pushing for the US to get involved in a war in Iran. Let's play it. It does feel like Fox News is playing.


And I never criticize Fox 'cause they were so kind to me. But they are playing a, like a, a central role in the propaganda operation here. It feels like It's, it's the, it's what, let's go back to the Iraq war. I mean you were there, you saw it. Look at the Iraq War. I promoted the Iraq war when, when knowing because of the information you were giving. Yeah, knowingly what they did. If you go back to look at Iraq, it's not like these things are successful. They're not successful, they're unsuccessful. They can't be successful because as Lincoln told us, what you need is popular opinion to have your back. And we don't do enough about educating the American people and what reality is, in fact, they give them the exact opposite. That's why it's all, that's what this is. The rise of Trump is from two things.


The rise of Trump is from the failed Iraq war and from the 2008 financial collapse. Exactly. You, you had Bucha before that. Exactly. We had parole before that. We had even Reagan from some populism in national. You had these sprout that you could see people were trying to get there, but they couldn't. It was those two C cataclysmic events, right? An epic failed war, right? That we were lied to about everything. The reason we went in. 'cause remember at first the American people supported it, given the information. Yes, they were given. Then later they realized that, hey, not just with the initial predicate for this a lie. All the updates were kind of a lie, right? All the updates were a lie. We really weren't winning right? Until we sent General Kelly to the Amber Ambar province to be the toughest tribe.


It was. And it took forever. And what? 8,000 dead, 50,000 wounded, $9 trillion, 2 trillion in, or 7 trillion in Iraq and and 2 trillion in Afghanistan. You're just lied about the entire time. That's what's happening here. And I thought this was a powerful speech by Democratic Senator Tim Kane. Here's what he said. The Constitution says, the power to declare war is Congress. Play this Clip. There's no part of the Constitution that's more important than the Article One provisions making plain that the United States should not be at war without a vote of Congress. And yet the news of the day suggests that we are potentially on the verge of a war with Iran.


When I was elected to the Senate in 2012, having served as a governor from 2006 to 2010, during a tremendous upsurge in the two wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, I visited our troops multiple times in the Green Zone in Baghdad and in Afghanistan. I went to the deployments in the homecomings, I went to the wakes and funerals. And I told myself when I came to the Senate that if I ever had the chance to stop this nation from getting into an unnecessary war, I would do everything I could to stop us from getting into an unnecessary war.


I happen to believe that the United States engaging in a war against Iran, a third war in the Middle East since 2001, would be a catastrophic blunder for this country. I think there are some in this body who have a different point of view than me on that point. But I think we should all be able to agree that the fundamental constitutional principle that says we shouldn't be in a war. If Congress doesn't have the guts to debate it and vote on it, we should all having taken an oath to the Constitution, at least support the principle that war is something that should be for Congress to declare Or democratic Senator Murphy from Connecticut, here's what he's gotta say.


Anyone who is cheerleading the United States into a war with Iran has very quickly forgotten the disasters of the Iraq War and the Afghanistan war, where there were early tactical successes, but it became a quagmire that ultimately got thousands of Americans killed, created new insurgencies against us interests and against our allies in the region. So I do not think there's support in this country for the United States to go to war again in the Middle East. And I would remind the President that he can't take any offensive action against Iran without coming to Congress first. He has no leeway here. The Constitution requires him to get an authorization of military force from Congress. I don't think that he'll get that authorization from this Congress because there is opposition on both the Republican and Democratic side to the United States getting dragged into another potentially disastrous conflict in the Middle East.


So, As I said, there is a social media post or tweet for everything regarding Donald Trump. But I wanna pull out those receipts. Tell me what you think in the comments below. I'd love to, I'd love to hear from you, but I'm just giving you the videos and the just giving you the data points. You and you tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.