
What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. During tax season, your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed, or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Hiring is a lonely business, posting jobs, sifting through resumes, interviews with unqualified applicants being ghosted. What If you could link with dozens of qualified candidates who are ready to work right now with just one connection? We are Express employment professionals, your full service workforce solution every day. Express recruits, qualified candidates in your area. So when it's time to hire, they have the talent you need ready to go to work with more than 40 years in the staffing business and more than 860 locally owned and operated offices Express helps thousands of companies find great people each year and they can help you too. Don't go it alone. Go to express pros.com one connection, great candidates problem solved express pros.com, the workforce you need when you need them. That's Express Employment Professionals. Find us@expresspros.com.


So Donald Trump just initiated a trade war with China. He says he wants to occupy Gaza. Right now, all parcels inbound from China are not being allowed into the United States per the US Postal Service. Donald Trump has offered buyouts to get rid of the entire CIA. He's gutted the entire FBI counter-Terrorism Division and continues to fire more FBI agents at the same time as Secretary of State, Marco Rubio met with the leader of El Salvador talking about shipping American citizens to prisons in El Salvador. And then you have Vladimir Putin just mocking the United States and also mocking Secretary of State Rubio's statements that he doesn't want to see the United States as one of the main powers.


Rubio says he sees this as a multipolar world where China, Russia, and US may play a role. If you add all of this together, the playbook seems fairly obvious about what would you do to try to destroy the United States of America. This is not something Whether you are a Republican or Democrat or independent from a red state or a blue state, you should be horrified by this Donald Trump's government freeze of funds. Although they claim that it's actually not frozen. It's affecting red states more than it's even affecting blue states, but it's affecting everybody in the country. Donald Trump is destroying, if not has totally destroyed by now usaid, which provided billions of dollars abroad as part of America's soft power leadership to help countries to help others and to thereby help America's national security.


Donald Trump is next going to be gutting the Department of Labor. So great work to the leader of the teamster, Sean O'Brien, who took all of those photos with his thumbs up with Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago and said, Trump's gonna be good for labor. Donald Trump's about to destroy the entire Department of Labor. Donald Trump also said, today he's destroying. Or yesterday he said he's destroying the Department of Education and he wants Linda McMahon, who hasn't even been confirmed yet, her first act to be, to totally gut and destroy the Department of Education. And again, red states depend far more than blue states on Department of Education funds. But this is the havoc that Donald Trump is causing.


Oh, and by the way, while all of that is going on, Donald Trump has revoked the temporary protected status of of all America, of of Americans who relied on it like 600,000 Venezuelans. We know the Venezuelan community were big Trump supporters. And now Donald Trump cut a deal with Nicholas Maduro, the totalitarian dictator of Venezuela, who sees power despite losing the election. Sound familiar? Where Trump's going to revoke the temporary protected status of Venezuelans, for example, in southern Florida, who, who supported Donald Trump, who were big Trump supporters? He's gonna take him and either send him to concentration camps at Guantanamo Bay or send him back to Maduro.


Maduro will probably kill them and torture them. The leopards are eating your faces, by the way. This is Susie Wiles, Donald Trump's chief of staff. You see her face right there. That's the face of many a Donald Trump chief of staff and advisor. When Donald Trump said he was going to occupy Gaza, send us forces for a permanent occupation, Donald Trump said he wants to level it, destroy it, and then he says he's gonna take Palestinians and just put 'em in other places to which even in Saudi Arabia, they had to respond at 4:00 AM in the morning. And they said, yeah, that's not happening. We will not have any relations with Israel until Palestine is recognized as a state.


But Donald Trump was acting as Benjamin Netanyahu's butler during Benjamin Netanyahu's visit. By the way, even Netanyahu was uncomfortable visually standing next to Donald Trump. As Donald Trump was saying, the quiet part out loud and Netanyahu's like. I think he's even going a little too far with what you're saying, Donald, but this is the psychopath running the United States of America right now and destroying our strength. Let me just show you this. This is Donald Trump serving as Benjamin Netanyahu's Butler. Let's play this clip right here. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski said, I guess, what's the best way to distract from just losing your trade war or your threatened trade war against Mexico and Canada the day before?


Oh, well, why don't you say your next move for your next act, you're going to level Gaza and have a United States military occupation of Gaza. 'cause by now, the truth is out. And I think one of the main reasons the truth is out is thanks to platforms like ours that said that Donald Trump's deals with Canada and Mexico. For Donald Trump's threatened tariffs were fake deals. Canada already had $1.3 billion in border security plans months ago. They didn't give Donald Trump anything, or they said they'll maybe have a, a fentanyl czar. Donald Trump went from threatening to take the sovereignty of Canada and to conquer it and make it the 51st state.


Okay, I'll settle for a, you wanna gimme a fentanyl czar and the same thing that you were doing months ago under Biden and that you then re announced a month ago or two? Yeah, let's do that. Then. When it came to Mexico, Donald Trump agreed to have Mexico put 10,000 troops at the border. Mexico already has like 15,000 troops. So Trump agreed to less troops at the border by Mexico. And Donald Trump also agreed with respect to Mexico to to impose an obligation on the US to look at and investigate United States gun shipments into Mexico. So Mexico got the better of that negotiation. Anyway, here is Donald Trump at this press conference with Netanyahu yesterday saying the US is gonna take over Gaza.


We'll level it, we'll own it here, play this clip. The US will take over the Gaza Strip and we will do a job with it too. We'll own it and be responsible for dismantling all of the dangerous unexploded bombs and other weapons on the site, level the site and get rid of the destroyed buildings. Level it out. Create an economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for the people of the area. Do a real job, do something different, just can't go back. If you go back, it's gonna end up the same way it has for a hundred years.


You sign up for something, forget about it after the trial ends and suddenly you're getting charged month after month for a service you don't even use. Sound familiar? Turns out 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. I was one of them until I got Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money shows you all your subscriptions in one place so you know exactly where your money is going. If there's something you don't need anymore, they'll cancel it for you. Their dashboard makes it easy to track spending across all your accounts, set budgets, and even get alerts if a bill increases in price or if there's unusual spending activity. Amazing. And here's the best part. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. They'll handle customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/midas touch today. That's rocket money.com/midas. Touch rocket money.com/midas touch.


So then Donald Trump was so proud of that statement. He posted it on his Instagram and all of his social media. He was out there saying, look at what I said. I said, we're gonna conquer Gaza. America will occupy it. And then you got all of these comments like Impeach button, unlimited jobs and housing. People just don't listen to what this man says, do they? So we're just admitting we're gonna invade places. Now, this is people on Trump's Instagram right here. Old man couldn't tell the difference between the Gaza Strip and a bacon strip. I guess no more lower grocery prices. Level it out. WTF do you mean right there? And then again, you know, even Trump supporters were like, okay, can you do the lower grocery prices things?


All the prices are going up, up, up. And as I said before, Donald Trump is A-W-M-D-A weapon of mass distraction. But you gotta take this stuff seriously. He's threatening to occupy Gaza. And when Donald Trump, you know, engages in this, you know, WMD weapon and mass destruction, he is harming our national interest too in Canada. They're still gonna be boycotting American products. Canada's pissed at Trump in America right now. They're, they're betrayed. What do you think is gonna happen abroad right now as the Patriot takes account? Says Parents, your children can now sign up to clear bombs in Gaza. This is who will lead them.


And this is the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, a Fox News host who's the person in charge of our nuclear arsenal as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, I'm sure Americans at home and have brought all feel safer tonight, now that Donald Trump announced with Benjamin Netanyahu that the US is going to take over Gaza level all the buildings and forcibly remove the population. You might wanna cancel your vacation plans. You may have had to Europe. And by the way, let's not forget that there were two plane crashes last week. Donald Trump gutted basically the FAA leadership. He's gutted essentially all of the federal government. Oh, and let's not forget as well that Elon Musk has put 19 and 20 year olds controlling our treasury department, seizing control over the payment transaction system with all of our private information from social security data to bank account information to medical information, in my opinion, and in the opinion of multiple class action lawsuits that have now been filed in violation of the Privacy Act of 1974, as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, we were war mongers for wanting to help our ally Ukraine fend off Russian barbarian hoard seeking to murder and enslave them.


But Trump, their peacemaker, wants to occupy Gaza and take long-term ownership of it for the us. Are you kidding me? Unfortunately, not even Russian state media is mocking Donald Trump right now. Here's what they're posting. And American Gaza is still American First, America first, Israel second, Israel first America second, a complete fantasy. Our enemies are mocking us. Our allies are a combination of horrified and disgusted. But what was Donald Trump talking about while Donald Trump removed the security details of his own former Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo? I hope you're listening.


Marco Rubio and his own national security, former national security advisor, John Bolton, who have credible threats against their lives by Iran. What Donald Trump was also fixated on today was if Iran were to try to assassinate him, Donald Trump says he left a note to obliterate them. Here, play this clip, Iran. Happy to sign it if it is Iran and their proxies, who will threaten to retaliate against you and your team by killing you guys for taking out Solomont. Well, they haven't done that, and that would be a terrible thing for them to do. Not because of me. If they did that, they would be obliterated.


That'd be the end. I've left instructions. If they do it, they get obliterated. There won't be anything left and they shouldn't be able to do it. And Biden should have said that, but he never did. I don't know why. Lack of intelligence perhaps, but he never said it. If that happens to a leader or close to a leader, frankly, If you had other people involved also you would call for total obliteration of a state that did it. That would include a rent. So, and here's Donald Trump talking about those 19-year-old engineers who are working at Doge play this clip. Some of these Doge engineers that Elon Musk has helping him are as young as 19 years old.


That's Good. They're very smart though, Peter. They're like you. They're very smart people. Thank you. Has he, have you met any of these guys? No, I haven't seen 'em. They work actually out of the White House. They're smart people. Unlike what they do in the control towers where we need smart people, we should use some of them in the control towers where we were putting people that were actually intellectually deficient. That was one of the qualifications is you could be intellectually deficient. No, we need smart people. Some are young and some are not young, some are not young at all. But they Found, and folks, now we're seeing places like the Waffle House and others charging 50 extra cents per egg because of the Trump egg price spike.


Because right now all prices are going up, up, up less, it's less affordable for you to buy a home. Homes are more expensive. Prices are going through the roof, and now apparently you can't even receive packages from China. So Donald Trump just destroyed his entire, you know, so many people's businesses who rely on drop shipping. And also, we're not gonna be able to get packages from China anymore. I mean, just think about how Donald Trump's intruding and ruining and destroying, you know, like actively people's lives right now. But the MAGA people, you know, the MAGA, congressmen and women, they're into it. Nancy Mace is like, let's turn Gaza into Mar-a-Lago.


This lady Chaya Raik or Raik who runs Libs of TikTok or whatever they call themselves, call it the MAGA strip. They're all and all these MAGA people are like MAGA Strip. We love it. MAGA Strip folks hang in there. We got a lot to, we're reporting on a lot, but that's all that happened. Or that's what's happened over the past 12 hours, 24 hours. We'll keep you posted with more. Always here on the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thank you for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Life can be chaotic if you're running a retail business. Don't let disorganized order fulfillment add to the chaos. Use ShipStation instead. With ShipStation, you never have to worry about shipping and fulfillment again. Whether you're running a business out of your garage or you have multiple warehouses, ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your business's growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating repetitive tasks. Plus, you'll save money with the best shipping rates from global carriers. Ship station's, industry leading features help you deliver a better customer experience. They'll get accurate and faster shipments along with automated tracking updates with your branding and with up to 88% off UPS and USPS rates and up to 90% off FedEx rates. ShipStation is the fastest and most affordable way to ship. Calm the chaos. Switch to ShipStation today. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.