
Water spots. Donald Trump spent significant time during a speech that he gave in Miami whining that the crowd got water spots, but he didn't get water spots and he thinks that's very unfair. That's what Donald Trump was doing while President Biden was in Washington DC leading a summit to commemorate the 75th anniversary of nato, where the NATO alliance has never been stronger. This is what Donald Trump was doing yesterday. Play the clip. You know, it's only 103 degrees out here.


So you know, they built all these, they call 'em, sir, we have many water spots. I said, what about one for me? Do I have one? I don't have one. Marco. They gave water spots. Everybody has a call it a water spot. Well, water comes out, you get, they don't have anything from me. I'm being drenched up here. Donald Trump was also talking about his fictitious relationship with a fictional cannibal named Hannibal Lecter, who Donald Trump says he gets along with very well. It's what Donald Trump was talking about. Play the clip. Did anyone ever see the lovely movie Silence of the Lambs? Did you see it? Did you ever hear of Hannibal Lecter?


He was a lovely man. he would love to have you for dinner. He will take you. You had many people for dinner. Well, we have a lot of people coming in. They always say, oh, that's terrible. The Trump would say he is rambling about Hannibal Elector. No, I'm not rambling. That's who we are. Allowing people from insane asylums and mental institutions into our country by the tens of thousands, and they're closing them down in other countries. You know, the cost savings and all of the Savings. And then Donald Trump said that he doesn't even know, he didn't even know what NATO is. He had to learn what NATO is when he first took office. Never even heard of it before.


Here play the clip. And this I went, I didn't even know what the hell, NATO was too much before, but it didn't take me long to figure it out, like about two minutes. And the first thing I figured out was they weren't paying. We were paying. We were paying almost fully for nato. That's what Donald Trump was doing. That's how Donald Trump was spending his time. Also, Donald Trump was sending messages like this, are you free for a trip together? Can we celebrate after I formally accept the presidential nomination? I'd love to celebrate with you Ben. How does a free trip sound together? You may even get the chance to take a picture with your favorite president, meet Trump.


Then you click it and you have to pay money and you don't get to meet him. Or you get this official Trump merch like how corporate media is not talking about this at all. He goes, this is a message from Donald Trump. I'm speaking directly to Joe Biden and the rest of the mob that wants to throw me in prison. Don't tread on MAGA Trump 2024. Don't tread on maga. And he goes, I'm releasing this because I won. The Supreme Court, gave me immunity on official acts, and now my sentencing has been delayed. So I've personally designed this shirt to remind all the lunatics and nobodies, I am not leaving.


I'm not going anywhere. This is an abuser. This is a sociopath right here. He is quite literally running a campaign on being a convicted felon and bragging that the right wing Supreme Court essentially overthrew all D democracy principles and said that presidents are above the law and that they should have full immunity if they order the military and seal team six to kill their political opponents. By the way, if you wanna see what Donald Trump was doing as well, then I'm gonna show you what President Biden was doing. You have Donald Trump in that speech that I was talking about praising the insurrectionists.


He said, these are people who love our country. These are hostages who are unfairly imprisoned and the Supreme Court has ruled they should be out soon. What a dystopian American carnage image right here that he's presenting. Play this clip. But when people who love our country protest on January 6th in Washington, they become hostages, unfairly imprisoned for long periods of time. But fortunately, the Supreme Court has just ruled and they should be out soon. We are a third world nation that has, And while Donald Trump is making posts like that and doing that, on the other hand you have President Biden who's meeting with the local unions in Harrisburg, make no mistakes.


Unions built the middle class President Biden writes, Google Project 2025 posts this from Congresswoman Torres. Joe Biden lowered the price of insulin $35. Joe Biden signed all of our priority bills and approved community projects. Joe Biden lowered gas prices as fixing roads and bridges. Joe Biden upholds our democracy. Joe Biden is my president, house Democrats and at DD Triple C. Yeah, because President Biden's actually doing things for the American people. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is saying he doesn't even know what NATO is.


He never even heard of what NATO is at all. President Biden is doing this. Here's what President Biden's saying in his speech. Play this clip. Before this war, Putin thought NATO would break. Today NATO is stronger than it's ever been in its history. When this census war began, Ukraine was a free country. Today it is still a free country and the war will end with Ukraine remaining a free an independent country. Russia will not prevail. Ukraine will prevail. Yes, that was President Biden speaking at the 75th anniversary of nato.


Right there. Let me show you one more clip of President Biden at the event. Play the clip. It wasn't inevitable again and again at critical moments. We chose unity over Disunion, progress over retreat freedom, overturning hope over fear again and again. We stood behind our shared vision of a peaceful and prosperous transatlantic community. Here at this summit, we gathered to proclaim NATA was ready and able to secure that vision today and well into the future.


Have you heard that the flavored air category is quickly becoming the leading alternative to vaping and smoking? It's a whole new movement towards better habits led by this sponsor of this video. Fume Fum is an award-winning flavored air device. Flavored air isn't like vaping if Vapor was compared to sticky soda. Fume cores are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, and orange vanilla. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics vapor or combustion. Fme draws flavor to your mouth. Fume fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave you still have something to reach for. Fume is not a vape. There's no vapor and you could use it anywhere. There's no nicotine. It's not addictive. The non-toxic flavors are a guilt-free alternative fume doesn't use any batteries, so you'll never need to charge it. The design is super sleek, it looks awesome, and you can truly feel the weighted high quality design. One of the things about Fume is that it's made to fidget with and it comes anxiety with magnets steps and clicks. Fme continuously invest in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products. Fume is also backed by doctors in the United States. My favorite fme flavor is Chris Mint is honestly delicious and I couldn't recommend this more for anyone trying to quit their bad habit. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time use MyCode Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to tri fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com. Tri fume.com. Use code Midas or scan the QR code on screen to get a free gift with your order today.


By the way. When you do an analysis of the polls, also after the first debate debate, they haven't shifted in any material in significant way. There's been numerous states that have actually shifted towards Biden and towards the Democrats post the debate. 'cause the American people are Googling Project 2025. They are seeing what is happening and they're seeing in President Biden someone that governs and they're seeing when it comes to the MAGA Republicans, people who are literally throwing their people under the bus, killing their people so they could whine about it and engage in performative, whiny MAGA theater. Like take a look at this.


This is from Jeremy Wallace, the Houston Chronicle, who said new president Joe Biden himself called the Houston Chronicle today saying he's been trying to track down the governor of Texas, governor Abbott to get the necessary request to release the federal aid that's necessary right now in Texas, which includes manpower and supplies. But the governor of Texas and the Republican leadership in Texas is not even responding. Abbott has been in Asia and nobody is responding to President Biden who's trying to activate the federal government to help the people in Texas right now. Just think about that.


And Maga, and this is what Fred Wellman says. People in Texas are now resorting to using the what A burger app to see where power outages are because the utility company can't tell them. And the governor and the government can't be bothered to like govern. Yeah, keep voting for the people who get you there, gang. And that's the thing, these Mago Republicans will always try to find these wedge issues that try to divide us and to try to distract us. Like the recent one that they tried to do right here. This is what they were doing yesterday. More dishwashers. Democrats are taking your dishwashers. Here's MAGA Republicans saying that play this clip.


But I do load and unload the dishwasher. And I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, that many times I have opened the dishwasher loaded properly with the right amount of dish washing liquid or PO put in that all the dishes aren't clean. Rinse off before they were put in to the gentle lady and I'd run it again. And Americans know this. And meanwhile you have MAGA Republicans like Tommy Tuberville attacking NATO on the 75th anniversary play this clip. Biden said, don't. And Putin said, I will do. And went into Ukraine and is still there.


What is up with this? Where does Biden think he's uniting NATO and shutting down Putin? Well, first of all, congratulations to the American taxpayers for funding European's defense for the last 75 years. And that's what President Trump said, pay your, pay your dues. Yeah. By the way you have Ivanka posting this photo of herself right here. Just, I mean this is, this is so, this is such bizarre. This is just such bizarre stuff right here. There's, this is what they sell. The not guilty convicted felon outfits right there. Also, yesterday, the Senate Republicans blocked legislation to protect a woman's right to travel across state lines to get the healthcare she needs.


That's what they did. That's what they did yesterday. And then let me show you this clip right here. This is Gavin Newsom rolling up his sleeves. Quite literally, he's in South Haven, Michigan here and saying, look, character matters, results matters. 40 straight months with unemployment at or below 4% the best in our lifetime, the lowest unemployment for women in our lifetime. The lowest unemployment for blacks in our lifetime. The lowest unemployment for Hispanics in our lifetime, the lowest uninsured rate in our lifetime. You go on and on and on. Here's Governor Newsom. Play this clip because I Believe in this man. I believe in his character.


I believe that he has been one of the most transformative presidents in our collective lifetimes. I I, I really believe there's a decency to Joe Biden and I, I'm old fashioned character matters, but I'm also old fashioned. This respect results matter politics is not just performative. It's not just entertainment. It's about getting things done. And it's been a remarkable three and a half years from my perspective, it's been, dare I say, a masterclass. Here's President Biden's response. Donald Trump challenged him to a round of golf today.


Here's what Trump said first, play the clip. I'm also officially challenging Cricket Joe to an 18 hole golf match right here under on Dora's Blue Monster considered one of the greatest tournament golf courses anywhere in the world. One of the great courses of the world. It will be among the most watched sporting events in history may be bigger than the Ryder Cup or even the Masters. And I will even give Joe Biden 10 strokes aside. 10 strokes. That's a lot. That means 20 strokes. In case you don't play golf.


I will give him 10 strokes aside and if he wins, I will give the charity of his choice any charity that he wants, $1 million. And I'll bet you he doesn't take the offer. Here's President Biden's response. Donald Trump hasn't been seen in public for 12 days now he's inviting fictional serial killers to dinner. Teasing little Marco Rubio, praising Project 2025 architect Tom Holman and challenging the president of the United States to golf. We challenged Donald Trump to create jobs, but he lost 3 million. We challenged Donald Trump to stand up to Putin, but he bent the knee to him.


We challenged Donald Trump to follow the law, but he breaks it. We challenge Donald Trump not to destroy our country, but that's all his project 2025 aims to do. Joe Biden doesn't have time for Donald Trump's weird antics. He's busy leading America and defending the free world. Donald Trump is a liar, a convict, and a fraud. Only out for himself. Par for the course. That's how he finished it right there. Tell me what you think in the comments below. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.