
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes and you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantisx.com.


You know I love to come with receipts here at the Midas Touch Network. I like to come with the evidence. So when I saw Donald Trump speak at the US Steel Factory in Pittsburgh, which is about to be acquired, that's an important word, acquired Byon Steel in an acquisition and I saw the steel workers who were all there being used as props and a lot of them were clapping for Donald Trump. I'm thinking to myself, y'all realize that you are clapping for your own demise. Y'all realize that you are clapping for somebody who has attacked steel workers his entire life and who has always sided with foreign steel over American Steel in his own projects over and over again.


So let me come with the receipts. The first thing I wanna show you is by now you know that all of these Magar Republicans are claiming that Neon steel is not acquiring US Steel. No, no, no. Even though it's always been called an acquisition. What's really happening here with some like strategic partnership and US Steel is just accepting an investment from Neon. That's not what's happening. Neon Steel, a Japanese steel company, the fourth largest in the world, is acquiring, acquiring US Steel and a lot of politicians and a lot of people believe that posed a national security issue to have any foreign ownership of US Steel.


How do I know it's an acquisition? Well, let's go to the Neon Steel website and let's show you what they're referring to. It nothing's changed since March 15th, 2024. In terms of the terms of the deal. If you wanna show me the deal, I'll look at if the deal has been revised, but the deal that I'm aware of is the one that former president blocked for national security reasons and here's what the Neon Steel Corporation posted about the deal statement about acquisition of United States Steel Corporation, Byon Steel in the Asia trades and in the Japanese markets. How are they referring to Iton?


Steel says US Steel acquisition would help defenses against China and then you go and read their release. Neon steel said its purchase of US Steel, which strengthened American supply chains and economic defenses against China. Okay? That's how they're framing it because it is an acquisition. So let's go through kind of line by line and let me just point out how the people who were in Pittsburgh, the steel workers were clapping for their own demise. So Donald Trump posts the following. We don't want America's future to be built with shoddy steel from Shanghai. We want it built with the strength and pride of Pittsburgh.


Who would ever want to use shoddy steel from Shanghai? Oh wait, Donald Trump. Here's an article back from October 3rd, 2016, Newsweek, how Donald Trump ditched US Steel workers in favor of China. Plenty of blue collar workers believe that as President Donald Trump would be ready to fight off US trade adversaries and reinvigorate the country's manufacturing industries through his commitment to the Rust Belt. What they likely don't know is that Trump has been stiffing American steel workers on his own construction projects for years choosing to deprive untold millions of dollars from four key electoral swing states, instead directing it to China.


The country whose trade practices have helped decimate the once powerful industrial center of the United States. A Newsweek investigation found that in at least two of Trump's last three construction projects, Trump opted to purchase his steel and aluminum from Chinese manufacturers rather than United States corporation based in states like Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin. In other instances, he abandoned steel altogether instead choosing the far less expensive option of buying concrete from various companies. Okay, of Trump's last three construction projects, the first to use Chinese steel was Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, which opened in 2008.


The manufacturers from China is not immediately evident. The fact is hidden within a chain of various corporate entities, including holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands. That micro state is a popular site for obscure offshore entities that exist only on legal documents limiting the potential liability of real businesses while obscuring their true owners. According to government documents, the Chinese entity chosen by Trump to provide steel for the Las Vegas property is a holding company called Sen Innovation Co LTD, formerly known as Ultra Glory International LTD. That British Virgin Island entity in turn owns a second holding company called sen, innovation Materials Group, LTD, which through a complex legal arrangement indirectly owns SEN Innovation Materials Co LTD and through it sen, steel Wire and Cable co.


The operating business located in Shanghai with such layers upon layers of corporate shells and divisions. Builders like Trump can purchase their steel from less expensive Chinese, Chinese suppliers without the ultimate supplier being readily apparent. But I guess Donald Trump says that would be the shoddy steel, but he would always use that in all of his business projects. Now, one of the things we also know and let's not forget, is that Donald Trump had a Chinese bank account, which all of a sudden had a deposit in 2017 of $17.5 million. Also, it should be noted that in many years Donald Trump had paid more money in taxes to China than he paid for his own taxes.


Here in the United States, Trump paid nearly $200,000 in taxes and a year where he paid $750 in taxes into the United States, as we said Trump by the numbers 188,561 in taxes to China, $130,000 to Stormy Daniels $750 in taxes to the United States. So back in 2020 when Midas Touch was first founded, we created this video, we called it Quid pro-Trump, and we focused on Trump's relations with China. Here play this clip. The trade War with China is having negative effects on the US economy. I Realized that it was going to affect Us. I don't like raising my prices.


Farmers are the ones that are taking it on the job. It doesn't look like a big win for the United States. No, it doesn't at all. I like China. Am I supposed to dislike it? John Bolton, the former national security advisor for President Trump writes in his book as it relates to President Trump's meetings with President Chief Trump. Then stunningly turned the conversation to the coming US presidential election, pleading with she to ensure he'd win. There's a sense here in Beijing that another four years of Trump would benefit Beijing. People Say, oh, you don't like China? No, I love them.


Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your yard needs like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, Fast Growing Trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast Growing Trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from Fast Growing Trees and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus, now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all, doesn't matter. Fast Growing Trees has over 6,000 plants to fit any space from indoor plants to fruit trees to full size privacy trees and more Fast Growing Trees has plant experts on call. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving. This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com code Midas Now is the perfect time to plant, use Midas to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


Now, it should also be noted that on Friday Donald Trump made a post claiming that he was helping China And that that's why he removed the tariffs from 145% against China to 30% against China. He said he needed to help them out quid pro Trump or does he not wanna be called the taco Trump always chickens out. This is what Trump posted. He said two weeks ago, China was in grave economic danger. The very high tariffs I set made it virtually impossible for China to trade into the United States marketplace, which is by far number one in the world. We went in effect cold Turkey with China and it was devastating for them.


Many factories closed and there was to put it mildly civil unrest. I saw what was happening and didn't like it for them, not for us. I made a fast deal with China in order to save them from what I thought was going to be a very bad situation and I didn't wanna see that happen because of this situation, because of this deal, everything quickly stabilized and China got back to business as usual. Everybody was happy. That is good news. The bad news is that China, perhaps not surprisingly to some, has totally violated its agreement with us so much for being Mr. Nice guy. I mean, and China's just obviously just laughing at a statement like that as Donald Trump does weirdo adult fiction.


I think it's important that we understand what the United States Steel Workers Union is saying as well about all of these statements coming out from Donald Trump and MAGA leaders. There's a lot of confusion right now and the United States steel workers don't even know what the deal is because if the deal was the 2024 deal, which is the only deal that we're aware of at the Midas Touch Network of Neon acquiring US Steel, that's an acquisition. And there could be serious issues about neon phasing out the factory workers who belong to the union, going to non-union workers or trying to consolidate with other manufacturing that they have and eventually shut down this facility.


Neon claims it's never gonna do that. Neon says it's gonna be a a, a good steward of US Steel. But remember Donald Trump during the campaign, MAGA Republicans during the campaign and you know, and and, and former President Biden, I think if there was one area of agreement, they believe that a foreign ownership of US Steel could pose a national threat and they said they were going to oppose it on that and other reasons. Here's what the United States Steel Workers had to say, let's pull it up. They said following uncertainty on the shop floors about recent public statements regarding a quote plan partnership between Neon Steel and US Steel.


We want to provide some clarity and what is known and more importantly, what remains unknown to everyone who isn't involved in kind of these closed door discussions in which the United States Steel Workers Union has not been included over the last several days. We've received calls and messages for many of our members and local union leaders who do not support the merger asking what the rumored partnership means at this time, we cannot say whether the plan partnership described in Friday's message on true social or news reports since then represents any meaningful change from the merger proposed in 2023 under which Neon Steel would acquire the US Steel and make it a wholly owned subsidiary.


Throughout recent months, as the public conversation has turned to neon investing in US Steel or partnering with US Steel Neon has maintained consistently that it would only invest in US Steel's facility if it owned the company outright. We've seen nothing in the reporting over the past few days suggesting that Neon has walked back from this position of ownership of acquisition. We also cannot confirm how much of the publicly claimed $14 billion in proposed investment would be directed to our union represented plans or how much of that sum would go toward genuinely new capital improvements as opposed to routine repair and maintenance.


In other words, is this promised $14 billion by neon steel, just $14 billion in operating costs that they would need to spend anyway? Or is this $14 billion in new money that's actually going to help the workers? It sounds like it's just gonna be operating costs and that's why nobody wants to really discuss what it is and at least just say what it is. Just let people know so they can make an informed decision here and not be conned. It goes on to say further neon has not disputed reports that suggests up to 4 billion of the 14 billion would be earmarked for greenfield operations. And our members already know that our plants are not greenfield and generally that means non-union.


In other words, the 14 million, the 14 billion would be invested in non-union shops and non-union labor to try to break the steel workers unions. So all those people who I saw clapping in the background, I'm sure many of you belong to the union, like they're coming for you, like you're probably gonna lose your job. But I guess keep clapping. I don't know it goes on to say. And no details have been provided about how or when this money would be spent over the next 14 months. A claim made in Friday's true social message, a timeframe that aligns closely with the expiration of the basic labor agreement in 15 months. Our core concerns about neon steel, a foreign owned corporation with a documented history of violating US trade laws remain as strong and valid today as ever and there And that is so whether US Steel Andon adhere to the same deal that they have pursued since December, 2023 or whether they tweak the terms to satisfy concerns in Washington, we will continue to demand transparency, fairness, and respect for the rights of our members and enforce our basic labor agreement.


As always, your solidarity is our greatest strain. You see the Magos keep calling it partnership. Partnership. This was Trump's post that was being referred to there. I'm proud to announce that after much consideration and negotiation, US Steel will remain in America and keep its headquarters in the great city of Pittsburgh. For many years, the name United States deal was synonymous with greatness and now it will be again, this will be a planned partnership between United States Steel and Neon Steel, which will create at least 70,000 jobs and add $14 billion to the US economy. The bulk of that investment will occur in the next 14 months. This is the largest investment in the history of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.


My tariff policies will ensure that steel will once again be forever made in America. From Pennsylvania to Arkansas and from Minnesota to Indiana. American Made is back. I will see you all at the US Steel Pittsburgh on Friday, May 30th for a big rally. Congratulations to all and again. Where does that 70,000 job numbers come from? It's a made up number. This is not gonna generate 70,000 jobs. It's gonna be a net loss of jobs. And if you go look at the former of the, the former Trump administration, the former first term Trump's tariffs on steel actually caused a lot of manufacturers to lose jobs.


He did not bring jobs back at all. He didn't. And there's not gonna be 70,000 jobs. Like that's just something entirely made up. So now let me show you this and I'll just show you kind of the flip flops here that's taken place. So this is now Senator Dave McCormick of Pennsylvania who recently won the election. But here's what he said back on January 31st, 2024 that he would be, and he's the senator from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. He said, we need to have domestic steel owned by American companies And that allowing neon to acquire it would be very bad for our national security. So he said that January 31st, 2024 here play this clip Because of the national security implications.


So we need to have a domestic steel industry. It's one of those industries that are most critical to our national security. And so we learned during COVID when our pharmaceuticals were dependent on the outside world semiconductors, that we need to have critical industries like steel that are made here at home. So the next, the Government should or should not block DuPont Steel taking US Steel. I I said it should block, the government should block it on national security grounds. Alright, now here he is this past week saying the exact opposite. So you can see for yourself play this clip. We are told time and time again by all the financial analysts and pundits that this has implications for pretty much all of America. But if you're not somebody who's an investor or shareholder or a worker in the industry, can you lay out for us why we should care?


Yeah. Well the first thing is we have to be a place that welcomes foreign investment. So foreign direct investment in the United States in, in Pennsylvania alone creates, is $20 billion. It creates 330,000 jobs. So having companies come to the United States and invest is, is a key part of our a growing economy. And in this case, the reason this is so important is because our domestic steel industry has essentially almost gone out of business. And this, this inflow flow of new capital is gonna help US Steel be cutting edge, have all the newest technology, and it's gonna help our national security because we need a healthy domestic steel industry in, in our country.


And we almost lost it. This will be great for shipbuilding, this will be great for lots of things that are critical to industrial manufacturing. And as I said, it's a great driver for economic growth and, and great jobs Know. And finally, I could show you other clips like this, but you know, here's Laura Ingraham just trying to, and and you know, she asked a pretty basic question here, like, have we seen the terms of this, this deal? What are the terms? Is this an acquisition? Is this an investment? What's going on here? And watch these MAGA Republicans squirm on a softball question here. Play this clip. Well, the president fights for American workers first. The president fights for American companies first. This was quite a rally in Pittsburgh.


We haven't seen a Trump rally of this sort in a long while here. To break it all down, Alex Marlowe, Breitbart, editor in chief, host of the Alex Marlowe Show. Alex, this is being described as a partnership, this deal between Nip on and US Steel, but then it's described as an acquisition on the US Steel website and then it's described as a, as a partnership. And President Trump said he will be watching over things as things proceed as this deal goes forward. Have you seen any of the terms of this deal thus far? Like who owns the majority stake in this company?


Laura, this is exactly where I was hoping you would start because I'm reading all these different things. I'm trying to get deal details and I'm hearing it's an investment. Okay, that sounds terrific. I mean, here's a partnership thinking, wait a minute, and then you think about it. US Steel has been, had the N Nip on Steel had its eye on US Steel trying to buy it for 18 months. And we cannot have US Steel owned by a foreign company. Even a great country like Japan should not be owning any part of US major manufacturing. I mean, that is a major national security risk. And I've not seen the deal details a rally with sensational, I completely trust Donald Trump and I trust the current Japanese government to do something good, but we have to insulate ourselves, Laura, in case we have a bad president one day, right?


So any deal, when we see these terms, it needs to be peak buttigieg proof. It needs to be Kamala Harris proof. The amount of surveillance we're gonna have to do, the amount of censoring and surveying that we're gonna have to do to make sure that Japan can't use US Steel to leverage us in a dispute. It's gonna be a lot. I trust Trump. I don't trust everyone else on this. Well, and I don't know if he was fully in informed about the terms of the deal. I, I mean, we just don't know. But if anyone would protect American workers and American industry, it would be Donald Trump. So that's obviously on, on the side of being in favor of this. He, So here's the thing, and I'm not approaching this from a partisan way. I'm not approaching this as, oh, Democrats and Republicans, Democrats and Republicans on a bipartisan basis didn't support this acquisition.


Well now there seems to be support for this acquisition by the MAGA Republicans at least. And people are talking about a deal. And we've seen before with Donald Trump over and over again, he does fake deals. And so the question is, what the hell is really going on? And there should be a modicum of transparency here. And then you go back and you see Trump's history with steel in his own buildings. And he's saying that nobody wants shoddy Chinese steel, but that means all of your buildings then are shoddy Chinese, or a lot of them are shoddy Chinese steel buildings. It doesn't make sense because he's lying.


And I am, and this should raise a lot of, if they're lying about that, if they're not showing you the deal and he's just going up and giving these, you know, you know these speeches, how, I mean, I I'm talking to the steelworkers there who were clapping for him. Like literally how many times can you be fooled by this guy? Like how many times he's just gonna over forever. Like, like he can, he can inflict any pain on you and your family. Actually he can destroy your union, but then you'll get angry at a transgender volleyball player. Like that's, that makes sense to you.


Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.