
The NBA 82 game grind is done, and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


This is a disaster for you, Donald. The American people hate you. They see through your lies. They see what a vile, deceitful, pathetic piece of trash you are. Just take a look at the Pew Research poll. Some of the lowest polling numbers ever in history of presidential polling, approval rating, 40% disapproval, 59%. Just look at these cross tabs. When you look at his support in the black community, only 14% of black people support Donald Trump Hispanic support. Only 27% of Hispanic people now support Donald Trump.


Negative 45%. Only 29% of Asian people support Donald Trump. How about those young people, Donald, who are listening to the podcasts? Did they support you anymore? Nope. Only 36% support amongst people ages 18 to 29. That's negative 27%. You're 27% underwater there. But you may say, Hey Ben, that's just Pew Research. I'm sure Fox is saying something different. Not really. Donald Trump's approval based on the new Fox poll, is the lowest in modern presidential history for the Fox poll, it is less than his first administration.


Trump regime. Two approval, 44%. Compare this to former President Biden. At the same time, Biden was 54%. Former president Obama was 62%. Former President Bush was 63%. How about on the economy? In the Fox News poll, let's put news in quotes. Only 38% of Americans approve of Donald Trump's handling of the economy under the Fox poll. And Fox was showing these graphics over and over again yesterday. Yes, Donald, your nightmare is here. Those protests that you're scared of, they're only gonna get bigger. The crowds for the events by A OC Bernie and other Democrats who are doing town halls and big speeches, those are going to get bigger.


Donald. Ooh, I can't wait for a summer of democracy. Donald, as we've been predicting here on the Midas Touch Network. Oh, this was a question that was asked on that. Fox put news in quotes, poll. In general, do you think imposing tariffs or fees on products imported from other countries makes the products you buy more or less expensive? 72% of people say more. Only 7% of people say less. That's bad for you, Donald. That means that even people in your own MAGA base know your a liar. Because wherever you go right now, you are hearing the word tariff, tariff, tariff, and people know it's screwing their lives.


You may claim that the price of eggs is down 93% and the egg price and grocery prices are so low. The problem that you say is that it's too low. But most Americans don't ag all Americans unless you're lying. Don't think that's true because we go to the grocery store, unlike you, who thinks the word groceries is a cool word, right? Donald goes, have you heard the word groceries like an old fashioned word? No. Groceries is not an old fashioned word. It's a word, and you're making things worse. By the way, like one of the people who works at the Midas Touch Network, Jeremy, he gets emails like this. I'm sure you get emails like this. This is from Guitar Center. This is what companies are sending out right now, and these should be three alarm fire SOS right now.


This is the subject from Guitar Center locking up to 30% before tariffs hit. Hey Jeremy, we wanted to give you a heads up that prices on gear across the board are about to rise due to new tariffs. If you've been thinking about upgrading your setup or adding new gear, now is the best time to buy before the price increases hit. We're seeing that for cars and basically everything else. Also freight. The freight industry, the shipping industry, the trucking industry right now is getting crushed and there's like a 14 day lag time where then we're going to see these scarcity, lots of companies prepared for the worst, not all.


And they bought a lot of goods in bulk, but now they're running out of supply. And so we're about to just start running out of important things on the shelf. So remember with Covid where people couldn't find toilet paper or this or that. Get ready for that again. So Donald, you think we're pissed off now? Just you wait in 14 days, you idiot. Here's what we're learning about. So the CEO's of three of the nation's biggest retailers, Walmart, target, and Home Depot, by the way, a lot of these people, Trump supporters privately warned him that his tariff and trade policy could disrupt supply chains, raise prices and empty shelves according to sources.


Familiar with the meeting, the big box CEOs flat out told Trump, the prices aren't, the prices aren't going up. They're steady right now, but they will go up. And this wasn't about food, but he was told that shelves will just be empty. An administration official familiar with the meeting told Axios. Another official briefed on the meeting said the CEOs told Trump the disruptions will become noticeable in about two weeks time. Craig Fuller, who runs a freight analysis company, data company, here's what he's been saying, year over year trucking activity out of Los Angeles, now down 23%, it will likely drop to 50% in the coming weeks if there isn't a trade war resolution.


Massive layoffs coming to the West Coast trucking sector, and it's not just the West coast. This story's being repeated across the country. Craig Fuller repeats this story right here. Spoke to a Michigan truck driver yesterday. He normally hauls auto parts from Michigan to Kansas. He hasn't had a load now for two weeks. He is getting worried. Industrial trucking is already in a recession. 80% of the trucking industry voted for Trump, but they will be among the first victims of the trade war. And one of the things that Donald Trump is also doing is creating massive instability, massive volatility. If you are a CFO or someone planning at a company, how do you know what Donald Trump is going to do next?


Right? Yesterday it seemed, or two days ago, it seemed like Donald Trump was going to walk back the 145% tariffs on China. It seemed like Donald Trump was going to walk back the auto tariffs against the world and against Canada. And then today when Donald Trump was speaking about Canada, for example, he said 51st state, he wants to annex Canada. He said that Canada would not exist if it wasn't for the United States. He made comments that, you know, it's up to China if they want the 145% tariffs removed, that he's not going to unilaterally reduce the tariffs. Just going back on what he said.


And then he was asked questions like, you know, your policies like disappearing human beings to concentration camps and your attacks on the sovereignty of Canada, Europe, and elsewhere are causing nations and causing people to boycott American products and tourism. Hey Donald, does that bother you? For example, that there's a steep drop in international tourism. Donald Trump goes, not a big deal here, play this clip. There's Been a steep drop off in international travel to the United States. It was down 12% last month, down even more from Western Europe. Why do you think that there are fewer people suddenly who want to travel to the United States? Well, That could be a little na, you know, there's a little nationalism there.


I guess perhaps it's not a big deal, but you know, with the dollar being where it is, because Not a big deal, Goldman Sachs is predicting that's gonna be a $90 billion hit to the American economy. Doesn't this give you the vibes of Covid? When Donald Trump was like a miracle, it's all gonna go away just to Jeff bleach into your veins. This is all you gotta do is just pretend it's not gonna be that bad. And then what does he do? He attacked Fauci during Covid and now who's this fall guy? Jerome Powell is Fauci 2.0. And just like during Covid, he attacks China. That's what he's literally repeating the same playbook over and over again.


Then Donald Trump says, Canada would cease to exist without American support. Play this clip. Oh, It doesn't make sense. If we needed something that would be a different subject. So I'm working well with Canada, we're doing very well, we're working on a deal. We'll see what happens. But again, you know why representing this country, why are we spending $200 billion to support and subsidize another country? Because if they didn't have us, and if we didn't spend that money as Trudeau told me, they would cease to exist, he said that to me. They would cease to exist, which is true, certainly as a country.


Hey, Midas mighty. So I used to have no clue what to get my mom for Mother's Day, and she'd often hit me with the, you don't have to get me anything, but I wanted to get her something incredible. I didn't really know where to go though. And now it's my wife's first Mother's Day since we had our baby girl Jimena together. And so she also said, I don't really want anything for Mother's Day, but I want to make sure I get her something extra special. And so for both my mom and my wife, I shop at Quince, and I hope you shop at Quince too. So they've got everything from cashmere sweaters from $50, 14 Carole jewelry, Italian leather bags, fragrances, and more. And here's the thing, all Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands by partnering directly with the top factories. Quince cuts out the cost of the middleman and passes on the savings to us. And Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. I love that. I don't wanna fully reveal the secret yet of what I got my mom, but I got her incredible necklace and I got my wife an incredible set of earrings. I also got my mom a suitcase from Quince this way when she visits me and her granddaughter Jimena. She travels in style. So thank you Quince for that thoughtful, timeless, totally her shop Mother's Day at Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash Midas for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to get free shipping and 365 day returns. That's Quince dot com slash midas, Q-U-I-N-C e.com/midas.


And then throughout the day yesterday, Donald Trump was also showing these signs of severe cognitive issues, and I don't want that to be an out for him. So I don't want to emphasize the fact that he may be showing symptoms of dementia. I'm not, you know, a, a medical professional, although I know people in my life who have dementia or had dementia, So it certainly resembles those, but I, I don't want to give him an out because he's a vile, despicable person who will try to use that as an out, as he gets more desperate, as people rise up watch, he's gonna say, oh, I'm just, I wasn't mentally right. I wasn't, he'll go there down the line to try to protect himself when he is being held accountable.


Just bookmark this. But here he's like, I'm suing the law firm of Perkins Kuey for their egregious and unlawful conduct. No, you're not. They're suing you for your egregious and unconstitutional executive order. And the Trump DOJ lawyer who went to the hearing yesterday got eviscerated by the federal judge for your unconstitutional conduct, by the way. Then Donald Trump yesterday was, remember how he started the day? He was wandering around the north lawn of the White House, and then the media was like, what are you doing? Why are you doing this? He was like, I'm building a 100 foot pole a flagpole, a beautiful big American flagpole. That's what I'm gonna be doing.


So that's what he spent time doing yesterday, destroying and wrecking the American economy, talking about building a beautiful 100 foot flagpole. Oh, and by the way, doing a pump and dump to his dollar sign Trump meme coin, where he made this email post about if you want to meet Donald Trump in person, the people who hold the most Trump meme coins can get to meet with him. Just show us your crypto wallet to see how much Trump meme coins you do. That caused Trump's meme coin to rise 71% right away like that before dropping again. Trump using literally access to the White House to pump the meme coin.


And by the way, our economy right now looks like one gigantic pump and dump meme coin, right? Three days ago, there was that private meeting among Scott Bess, the treasury secretary, and all the bankers where they were told that Donald Trump was gonna deescalate with China And that they were going to walk back some of their tariffs that caused the markets to rise. The rest of us didn't get that information. It was done in private. So lots of people keep getting rich on the market taking, and they ain't the regular folk, they're the oligarchs and the billionaires who are getting special privileged access as Donald Trump is freaking manipulating the markets only for Donald Trump today to say, or yesterday to say something basically different and then pump and dump the Trump meme coin.


Or at least that's what it looked like. Also, to see Donald Trump attack Zelinsky again yesterday, Donald Trump made this vile post and he was like, how dare President Zelinsky talked to the Wall Street Journal about never giving up Crimea? Why is Zelinsky doing that? And again, Trump just spent the whole day parroting Putin talking points. Meanwhile, what happened yesterday in Ukraine, Putin launched a missile after ballistic missile at Kyiv causing mass casualties, while Donald Trump and his regime were in the Oval Office again, attacking Zelinsky, making posts, attacking Zelensky.


It was an utterly despicable and disgusting sight to watch. Indeed. Also, you had the auto big auto manufacturing lobbying groups all united, which is pretty rare. They sent Donald Trump a letter believing Trump was going to walk back the auto tariffs. Trump indicated or Trump regime. People indicated he may do that only for Trump in the press conference to say he was thinking about raising the tariffs against Canada. It's pure and utter chaos. In the Trump regime, you've got Steve Bannon, one of Trump's advisors attacking Elon Musk. You've got Elon Musk getting into fights with Scott Besant, Steve Bannon saying Musk should be audited.


You've got Musk calling Scott Besant out, Bessant calling Musk out. And by the way, ATS supposed basic function, isn't government supposed to like deal with protection and safety, not engaging in cruel destruction of people's lives? But yesterday we also learned that Trump denied emergency relief to Kentucky for flooding assistance. Red State, they denied disaster relief for Arkansas and other red states as well. And we previously talked about how they denied emergency relief in North Carolina and Georgia as well.


It's just cruelty, cruelty, cruelty, cruelty right here. But we're gonna cover this every step of the way, folks. We're not gonna let any of this go. And make sure that you're up to date. Make sure you hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you so much for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union make.