
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


I had to see this photo. I can't unsee this photo. So you now have to see this photo. The ridiculousness of this all, when you have this individual who is gutting our Medicaid, who is attacking our government institutions, who is sucking up to Putin, who is making posts on his social media platform, referring to Gaza now as Trump Gaza and trying to distract Americans from the fact that prices are surging, inflation is surging again, the markets are doing bad right now. This is what Trump posted before holding a cabinet meeting yesterday.


This is a real post. It was a video. He was calling it Trump, Gaza, and it was an AI video where they had golden statues of Trump and Elon Musk was on the beaches in Gaza throwing up money in the air. And then after committing genocide, Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu were at the Trump Gaza Hotel together in this AI that they created. And then here on a, on the Gaza Beach, there are these bearded men with big chests and well, you can judge for yourself. Trump actually posted that.


So when I go and show you that photo of him, what he looks like without his orange plaster on his face, I mean like, what the hell is going on here? Then let's go to that cabinet meeting that took place yesterday, which Donald Trump essentially had Elon Musk lead or Elon Musk's. Like I, I'm going to be making mistakes a lot, you know, like we made a mistake about Ebola and then we fired the Ebola people. I mean, I'm like watching this. I'm like, what the hell are these people talking about? I mean, as they're firing essential government workers, government workers, veterans, spouses of veterans, people who've just sacrificed in general for us working for the government and then lied and said they were firing people for cause for performance reasons when it was not based on performance reasons.


Here, take a look at this. This is from the cabinet meeting. Here is Donald Trump blaming the rising costs of everything and like egg prices on the administration, but Trump's like pretending that he's not the president and he's attacking a phantom administration Here, play this clip As eggs are a disaster. The Secretary of Agriculture is gonna be showing you a chart that's actually mind boggling what's happened, how low they were with us, and how high they are now, but I think we could do something about it, Madam Secretary, and I think you're gonna do a fantastic job in that position. Then Kim Jong-un style, Donald Trump assembles this kind of cabinet of the most spineless men If you women, but mostly men and the most spineless people.


And he goes, let the cabinet speak. Raise your hand right now. If you are unhappy with Elon here, just watch this clip. You could ask me or Elon, go ahead please. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you, Mr. Musk. I just wanted to ask you that the President Trump put out a true social today saying that everybody in the cabinet was, was happy with you. I just wondered if that's, If you had heard otherwise and If you had heard anything about members of the cabinet who weren't happy with the way things were going, and if so, what are you doing to address those? Any dissatisfaction? You let the cabinet speak just for a second.


Unhappy If you are, we'll throw them outta here. Is anybody unhappy? A lot of respect for Elon and that he is doing this, and some disagree a little bit, but I'll tell you, for the most part, I think everyone's not only happy that Theri. So Yeah, this is like some North Korea stuff right here. Elon Musk would make multiple posts yesterday where he would mock the federal workers who were fired and celebrate their terminations. It's it's ghoulish behavior.


But back to that cabinet meeting here, Elon Musk, this is where he says, I'm going to make mistakes. You know, like Ebola, I will sometimes fire Ebola people, but it's okay. We will just sometimes, you know, fire people who do nuclear weapons, you know, here play this clip. And we, and I, I should say, we also, we will make mistakes. We won't be perfect, but when we make mistake, we'll fix it very quickly. So, for example, with U-S-A-I-D, one of the things we accidentally canceled very briefly was Ebola, Ebola prevention. I think we all want Ebola prevention, so we restored the Ebola prevention immediately and there was no interruption.


But we, we do need to move quickly if we're, if we're to achieve a a trillion dollar deficit reduction in, in, in financial year 2026, it requires saving $4 billion per day every day from now through the end of September. But we can do it and we will do it. Well that, that's my Elon Musk impression right there. Tell me what you think as our friend Greg Sargent says, another mistake they made was firing U-S-A-I-D people who oversee contracts like the one that supplies lifesaving treatments for kids who are suffering from extreme malnutrition or on the edge of starvation. You know, it should be noted as well though, that last night right before a deadline where federal governments ordered the Trump administration to have to make the payments to U-S-A-I-D contractors, John Roberts, chief Justice of the MAGA Republican right-wing Supreme Court jumped in and blocked the order compelling Trump to fund U-S-A-I-D.


The Supreme Court over and over again has blood on their hands. How many kids, how many people are going to die because of the cruelty of having their funding ripped away. And then when other federal courts order that that funding be paid by midnight Last night, chief Justice John Roberts, the same person who took away women's reproductive rights, basically change the law to stop the separation of church and state the same Supreme Court that basically celebrates AR fifteens by schools that gutted climate change legislation that gutted voting rights. Chief Justice John Roberts said, we're gonna temporarily stop this order requiring the funding to U-S-A-I-D here.


Donald Trump says, this country has gotten that America's bloated fat and disgusting play this clip. I had a question back, back on these cuts to the federal workforce. You mentioned you you're interested in doing another round of this email. When would you like to see that? What would be the deadline and this time? Would it be mandatory? I think Elon wants to, and I think it's a good idea because you know those people, as I said before, they're on the Babbel. You got a lot of people that have not responded. So we're trying to figure out do they exist? Who are they? And it's possible that a lot of those people will be actually fired. And, and if that happened, that's okay because that's what we're trying to do. This, this country has gotten bloated and fat and disgusting and incompetently run.


I think we had the worst president in the history of our country. He just left office. I think he's a disgrace, what he's done to our country by allowing millions of people to come into our country like that and all of the other things, the inflation, which he caused because of energy and stupid spending to spend hundreds of millions, trillions and trillions of dollars on the green new scam. A total scam. Donald, are you looking in the mirror? Is that what you're referring to? Then they had conspiracy theorist, RFK Jr, who's the Secretary of Health and Human Services. He then talks about how there are that the measles outbreak right now, which has killed somebody in Texas.


This is like one of the biggest measles outbreak in recent time. 'cause people aren't getting vaccinated for measles. RFK Jr at this cabinet meeting was like, this is normal. This is, this is what usually happens. There's measles outbreaks like this all the time. There is not. Here play this clip. We, Bobby, do you wanna speak on That, please? No. We are following the measles epidemic every day. I think there's 124 people who have contracted measles at this point, mainly in case county, Texas. Mainly we're told in the Mennonite community there are two people who have died, but the, we're watching it and there there are about 20 people hospitalized mainly for quarantine.


We're watching it. We put out a post on it yesterday and we're gonna continue to follow it. Mr. It's gonna, incidentally, there have been four measles outbreaks this year in this country last year for 16. So it's not unusual. We have measles outbreaks every year. You sound a little under the weather yourself right now. I just, I have a permanently bad throat Then Donald Trump insults Canada and says Canada can't subsist or exist as a nation without America play this clip. It's not fair for us to be supporting Canada, and if we don't support 'em, they don't subsist as a, as a nation Boy. People are pissed in Canada, that boycott of all things American in Canada is still going strong and it'll start showing in our economy.


The older I get, the more I find myself wanting to be more intentional about the way I live, eat, and take care of my body. That's why I'm so happy. I found Mosh Mosh, which you may have heard about on Shark Tank, was founded by Maria Shriver and her son Patrick Schwarzenegger, with a simple mission to create a conversation about brain health through food education and research. Maria's father suffered from Alzheimer's, and since then she and Patrick have dedicated themselves to finding ways to help other families dealing with this debilitating disease. Mosh joined forces with the world's top scientist and functional nutritionist to go beyond your average protein bar with eight delicious flavors, including a plant-based one in peanut butter and chocolate. Each Mosh bar is made with ingredients that support brain health like ashwagandha. Lines made collagen and omega threes and now Mosh bars come with a new look and new formulation featuring a game changing brain boosting ingredient that you won't find in any other bar. Mosh is now the first and only food brand boosted with Cognizant, a premium nootropic that supplies the brain with a patent form of Citi Choline. But here's the best part to make you feel good. Mosh donates a portion of all proceeds from your order to fund gender-based brain health research through the women's Alzheimer's movement. Why gender-based? Because two-thirds of all Alzheimer's patients are women. Mosh is working closely to close the gap between women and men's health research. Personally, I love the taste of my Mosh bars. My favorite is the peanut butter crunch, which I have each morning before I head off to the gym. Now, If you wanna find ways to give back to others and fuel your body and your brain, Mosh bars are the perfect choice for you, head to Mosh life.com/midas to save 20% off plus free shipping on the bestseller trial pack. That's 20% off, plus FREE shipping on the Best Sellers Trial Pack at m os HLI e.com/midas. Thank you Mosh for sponsoring this episode.


As Christopher Webb points out as well, not gross, not too gross, y'all out, but it's not just the bruise on Trump's hand. These are not the fingernails of a healthy man. And the White House issued an official statement yesterday saying that all of these bruises and, and the discoloration on his hands and what that looks like is because he shakes so many hands every day, is what they're saying. Q in Marjorie Taylor Greene, Magar Republican, Marjorie Taylor Greene, who was too scared to allow Democratic Congress member Jared Moscowitz at the Doge hearings. She rejected his request to attend. So he or she talks about though how federal workers need to get real jobs.


They don't deserve their paychecks. They don't, they don't, they're not really working real jobs. She says, play this clip. You can protest all you want outside of departments of this government. You can protest all you want, but the American people disagree with you. You're protecting the bureaucracy. The bureaucracy is not a business. Those are not real jobs producing federal revenue. By the way, they're consuming taxpayer dollars. Those jobs are paid for by the American tax People who work real jobs earn real income, pay federal taxes, and then pay these federal employees.


Federal employees do not deserve their jobs. Federal employees not do not deserve their paychecks. And these are jobs that can be fired at will. Again, when did it become so normal to just insult hardworking Americans? I don't, I don't get it. I mean, what, just because that you, you're not, you're not on tv. That doesn't, what that means that someone who works at our national parks is, is not good enough for maga the person who works in the Department of Education or Department of Labor or Department of Agriculture or U-S-A-I-D or the people who work at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or whatever government entity what, because it's it why they, they they don't get on tv.


So they're not glamorous. That means they're not real workers. I, I'm, I mean, who, who talks about human beings in that way? Oh, maga the same MAGA that is shaking down President Zelensky of Ukraine for a a rare earth mineral deal. So we've been covering on the Midas Touch Network all of Donald Trump's fake deals, right? Where Donald Trump said that he got this great deal with Canada to avoid the initial tariffs Donald Trump threatened, but then he says he's bringing tariffs in a few days anyway against Canada. But remember the deal where Canada said, okay, Donald, we will put a hundred, whatever it was, you know, a billion dollars in border security, and we'll give you a fentanyls are there was already the border security deal in place under former President Biden and a fentanyl czar, whatever they were calling it.


That's, there's really no fentanyl coming from Canada to the United States like 10 pounds or something like over the whole year. Like there's not a lot of fentanyl coming in at all. And then the deal with Mexico, the fake deal where Claudia Sheba the president of Mexico, it's like, okay, Donald, we'll put 10,000 troops at the border and Trump's like, deal, look what I've achieved. There were already 15,000 troops at the border. 15,000 is more than 10,000 than Donald Trump made the fake deals with like Columbia and Panama and, and so on and so forth. So now, so Donald Trump was like shaking down zelensky for this rare earth mineral deal where, you know, the rare earth minerals from Ukraine would, would be shared with the United States with no security guarantees.


But here's what we know about the deal. Now, Elliot Poco from the KI Independent says it perfectly, it's like a fake deal. So essentially the rare Earth agreement is just a memorandum on how the US and Ukraine are intended to invest in Ukraine's mining industry and mineral resources and jointly get profits at some point. There's 0% certainty on whether this will ever be a real big thing. The document doesn't even require parliamentary ratification at this moment. Now Donald Trump will declare a grandiose victory as soon as Zelensky signs this in front of cameras in DC and essentially that's it.


Poco goes on to say, this is also grotesquely dumb and so surreal opposite to basic human morality that one can't believe it's even real and motivates many to try to look for a second agenda to try to read between the lines and make it to a far larger truth. But I'm afraid the answer is very simple. MAGA Mike Johnson on CNN is being asked here. It was, this was a good question by Kaitlyn Collins. She asked MAGA Mike Johnson. So, you know, if, If you are saying that that Doge is finding all of these, you know, fraud and abuse, then why would you support a continuing resolution to keep the government funded with fraud and abuse here, play this clip.


Certainly an absurd notion, but they're standing by that. So Cgo, do you believe If, well, we haven't negotiated that yet, but if it's a cr it may be an entire year long CR with some anomalies on it. You know how all this works, but it's not what we prefer. We would like to do individual appropriations bills, but it takes post both parties to negotiate that. And right now the Democrats are, are trying to, it looks like trying to set up a government shutdown. We can't allow that to happen and we won't. Well, You just talked about how important the work that Elon Musk is doing is If you pass a continuing resolution, won't that just refund all the programs that he says he's cutting that are full of waste, fraud, and abuse? No, look, you can, that's why I say you add anomalies to his cr, you can increase some spinning, you can decrease some spinning.


You can add language that that says, for example, the dramatic changes that have been made to U-S-A-I-D would be reflected in the ongoing spending. It would be a clean CR mostly, I think, but with some of those changes to, to adapt to the new realities here. And the new reality is less government, more efficiency, better return for the taxpayers. And I think that's something everybody should welcome, Should be noted that the Doge amongst the American people is like the number one entity that Americans want to see abolished by far. Oh, yes. Then there's a new proposal that was released yesterday by a MAGA republican congress member Wilson, to make Donald Trump the first and only living current or former president to be featured on currency.


They want to put him on a $250 bill. And they said it's the most valuable currency, And they said he's the most valuable president. That's what the MAGA Republican Congress members are spending their time to as Elon Musk and his team raid your private information, gain access to your social security tax records, medical information as they gut our government services, as our markets are so volatile right now as Donald Trump is posting about Trump, Gaza and having the, having America join an access of evil of Russia, of North Korea, Belarus to oppose United Nations resolutions condemning Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine.


Like what are we, what are we talking about here, folks? Anyway, there you have it. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union Made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to lipsy ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.