
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply, see full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Donald Trump was looking sickly fatigued out of breath yesterday as he was basically cornered like a rat internationally being Vladimir Putin's stooge and basically reading press releases from Putin saying Putin's gonna have to respond very strongly to the Ukrainian attacks on Russia being a Putin mouthpiece on his social media platform. And then you had Elon Musk just relentlessly putting the dagger into Donald Trump, mocking Trump and the disastrous budget. Bill over and over again. Elon Musk was posting comments from Fox viewers who said that they felt betrayed by Donald Trump.


And Trump was pretty much MIA, he's pretty much been MIA since last Friday when he showed up at the Pittsburgh steel factory, the US Steel, and he lied to all the steel workers. You're all gonna to get $5,000 bonuses. And Nissan Steel is not really acquiring us. Steel US will have full control. Liar, liar, liar. How do you know Donald Trump's lying? Because he's opening up his mouth. So we didn't he really see Donald Trump this weekend? By the way, I'm not really complaining. We didn't see him on Monday. He really wasn't anywhere on, on Tuesday. And then on Wednesday, you know, he did this like weird mini, not a press conference.


He did this prerecorded video from the Oval Office and like his face looked like all puffy and strange. And then he showed up at what he called the summer sore at the White House for about, and he gave like a 10 minute speech on the balcony of the White House. Like whoa has those COVID 2020 vibes. But you have Elon Musk making posts like this. Elon Post does a meme where he goes, here's the money that Doge saved. And then he does a picture of a train hitting the bus. Trump's big beautiful bill destroying what Doge did. Let me be very clear. Doge was an absolute disaster.


There's significantly more federal spending month over month now than under former President Biden. So let's not in any way imagine that Doge was a success. I think Congress is going to pass a rescission bill and claim that Doge cut about $9.3 billion with all the essential services that Doge got rid of. It's gonna lead to trillions of dollars more being added to our deficit. But, but this is how Elon Musk is mocking Donald Trump over and over again. Elon Musk calls for a new spending bill should be drafted that doesn't massively grow the deficit and increase the debt ceiling by $5 trillion.


Donald Trump, sheepish, sheepish. He's telling people behind the scenes that he's very, very angry, but he is a taco. Trump always chickens out. He's a chicken. You stand up, you watching Elon Musk bully Trump and also I guess in his own way, have his own version of like com on Trump. You know, just think about Trump's like, I, I don't know what to do. You have Donald Trump being outmaneuvered by Putin. You have Zelensky Europe being like, alright, Trump's a what? A weak, vile, pathetic thing that is. We're gonna stand up for ourselves and Europe leaning in on its defense of Ukraine, and we're seeing Canada look to Europe, Australia look to Europe.


Heck, we're seeing, you know, meetings between the European Union and, and China potentially scheduled for July, leaving the United States all isolated. But, but this one, this is how I think Trump's team is trying to leak it to right wing press. I think Trump might be working in tandem with Elon here to tank his own bill in a four D chess move. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski goes, ah, yes, taco is playing four D chess once again. How could we not realize that? You know? But while Donald Trump fatigued, sickly looking, you know, hiding, he did a number of very, very kind of cruel things today with a lot of major implications.


So let me go through what he did. He reversed former President Biden's executive order that was critical for women getting reproductive emergency abortion care. The Trump regime ended emergency abortion requirement for hospitals. The Biden era guidance now overturned directed hospitals to perform abortions when needed to protect pregnant patients whose life was in jeopardy. Donald Trump says, Nope, if your life is in jeopardy, you should die. Donald Trump signed a proclamation through an executive order suspending visas for new Harvard International students.


Donald Trump signed a presidential memorandum directing an investigation into who ran the United States while President Biden was in office. It's always deranged, unhinged, sickening conspiracies with these maga, right? It's one thing to the next because what are they trying to distract from No peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. By the way, Donald Trump's post yesterday where he parroted Putin's talking points, literally a social media post like promoting Putin's propaganda. Trump said it was a great call with Putin. It was a good conversation, but not a conversation that will lead to immediate peace.


Putin said that he will very strongly retaliate against Ukraine. So how is that a good call that's not gonna lead to an immediate peace? And by the way, it's not Putin retaliating against Ukraine. Vladimir Putin every day has been sending shaheed drones and ballistic missiles to kill innocent Ukrainians every single day. And Ukraine defending itself attack the weapons that are attacking innocent Ukrainians. You cowardly fool you, you vile piece of trash. You. And I know sometimes people go, Hey, Ben, stop with the name calling. We like the more Mr. Rogers approach. Chill out with the name calling, but I'm sorry.


When Donald Trump is out there literally doing social media posts that are like more Russian propaganda than rt, it riles my blood sometimes and it makes me just utterly pissed. Oh, by the way, great job Columbia University, y'all sucked up to Donald Trump and tried to appease him and cave to all of his demands. And now the Trump regime says Columbia failed to meet the standards to be accredited, and they wanna remove a, remove you as an accredited university. And Columbia sucked up to Donald Trump, did everything Trump said, by the way, it was what it was. On May 28th, 2025, Donald Trump said, Harvard needs to act more like Columbia and do what I say, you want me to prove to you?


He said that. Here's what Donald Trump said, May 28th, 2025, you Know, Columbia has been really, and they were very, very bad what they've done, very anti-Semitic and, and lots of other things, but they're working with us on finding a solution and you know, they're taking off that hot seat. But Harvard wants to fight. They wanna show how smart they are and they're getting their ass kicked. Thank you very much everybody. Okay? And yesterday, Donald Trump says that Columbia can't get accredited anymore. So you can't appease this guy. He's a taco. He always chickens out. You know what you gotta do to bullies you, you gotta, you gotta bully him back.


You gotta stand up. You gotta call them out. You can never capitulate. We'd live once. Okay? Why would you wanna live your life constantly being shamed by Donald Trump's extortionist effort? Why would you wanna do it? Stand up to the bully. And by the way, Trump yet alone run the country. Trump can't even run a damn golf course. You know, bedminster Donald Trump's golf course or whatever was, whatever you want to call it in New Jersey, has one of the worst, worst health score rankings with 18 food violations. He can't even run Bedminster whereby the way his first wife Ivana is buried under these like disgusting shrubs.


So he could apparently get some tax benefits by calling the the Bedminster a cemetery, just put her in the swampy area near some of the back holes, letting the shrubs grow over it. Yes, as the daily beast in Forbes report, Trump's National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey was hit with a whopping 18 health violations and the lowest grade in the county after an ex, an inspection last month, an online report from the May 6th Health inspection visit May 6th, like three weeks ago, reveals that the club received a 32 of 100 from the County health Department, a 32 from 100.


And this is, he can't even, he can't even run, he can't even run the restaurant. He's supposed to run the United States of America. What? What other data do you need? He's a felon, a sexual abuser. He is a bankrupt or a fraud, and he can't run. He can't run his crap. He bankrupts everything. This idiot. Now, one of the things also that happened yesterday too, Donald Trump's travel ban banned all immigrant visas from 19 countries, including Cuba, Haiti, and Venezuela. He banned all student research visas to Harvard. He also colluded with the state of Texas to kick 20,000 undocumented college students off in-state tuition.


So just think about who the regime is picking on. They're doing raids of restaurants, construction sites, farms, they're taking away workers, they are taking, they're attacking students who are here trying to pursue the American dream, and people who are showing up to their court dates, showing up to their court dates, and who's the type of people that they employ meet. This is a ProPublica. Reports meet the 22-year-old Trump's team picked to lead terrorism prevention one year out of college and with zero national security expertise. Thomas Fa Gate is the Department of Homeland Security official tasked with overseeing the government's main hub for combating violent extremism.


The intern has been placed in charge of the Department of Homeland Security Task Force overseeing extremism right now, just another day in the dastardly, dastardly Trump regime. Well, there you have it, folks. I don't want to hear Trump's voice. Do you wanna hear Trump's voice? I don't wanna hear Trump's. I don't wanna play any more clips of Donald Trump right now. I'll give you some good news though. Mississippi and Mississippi Democrats won big recently. Voters decided the next mayor of Horn Lake, Mississippi Democrat Jimmy Stokes, defeated his Republican opponent, Dan Danny Klein in the June 3rd general election, along with mayor, all seven alderman positions in Horn Lake were contested in the election prior to this election and Mississippi just one seat was held by a Democrat, LaShonda Johnson in position five.


Now the table's flipped. Republicans have been left with just two alderman seats after this election. There you have it. I don't wanna play Trump videos right now, so I'm not gonna do it. Stay in the fight. Stay in the fight. The opposition's getting stronger every day. Stay in the fight. They're getting weaker every day. We got this. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com, all 100% US a union made.