
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


Donald Trump just finished up a disastrous speech at Theon Steel Factory in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Donald Trump is trying to take credit for a deal whereby neon steel, a Japanese company will be acquiring US steel. Donald Trump is making up fake terms of the agreement when In fact the agreement was already made in 2023 and was blocked by former President Biden and Donald Trump on the campaign trail threatened to block this deal as well. But now he's just making up fake terms about what the deal actually is. I'll talk about that in a little bit. But here's what Donald Trump says. While speaking with these steel workers at Neon Steel, he says that we will be increasing steel tariffs from 25% and doubling it to 50%.


Here, play this clip. But he's great. He's great at what he does. We are going to be imposing a 25% increase. We're going to bring it from 25% to 50%. The tariffs on steel into the United States of America, America, which will even further secure the steel industry in the United States. Nobody's gonna get around that. So we're bringing it up from 25%, we're doubling it to 50%. And that's a loophole. And by the way, I have to tell you, I believe that this group of people that just made this investments right now are very happy because that means that nobody's gonna be able to steal your industry.


It's at 25%. They can sort of get over that fence at 50%. They can no longer get over the fence. So congratulations to everybody and to you for making a great deal. You just made a better deal, right? I said to the group, would you rather have a 40% increase? 'cause I was thinking about 40 when I came. I said, would you rather have a 40% or a 50%? They said, we'll, take 50. I said, I had, I had a feeling you were gonna say that. Now, by doing that, he's going to actually cause America to lose a lot of jobs. A lot of our manufacturers rely on steel imports from other countries as part of their kind of processes to build other things.


And so by Donald Trump imposing that tariff, it will be a significant net loss on our economy. Of the 28 economists who were surveyed about whether this is a good idea to tariff steal 50%, all 28 say it's either very unfavorable or unfavorable to the United States economy. Next up, Donald Trump then says that we're gonna have close to $11 trillion invested in the United States. Let's play this clip Screen jobs and those numbers are going through the roof. We're going to have close to $11 trillion invested in new investments in the United States. And you could look at other years. There's never been anything like that. And by the way, that's essentially in two months, not four months.


'cause it took me a little time to get acclimated. But over the last two, two and a half months, we're have, we're over $11 trillion is gonna be coming Apple. And again, this is a totally made up number. The entire GDP for the United States is somewhere in the range of 25 to $30 trillion. This $11 trillion is made up the same way. He says when he went to the Middle East, that Saudi Arabia, UAE and Qatar invested 5.1 trillion. He says, when like the entire GDP of like Qatar is 200 billion, he makes up numbers here. Donald Trump further lies to the people and just watch the routine of just these lies.


He lies to the, the steel workers here. He says there's gonna be no layoffs, no outsourcing, and everyone here is gonna get a $5,000 bonus. And he's almost like taking credit for it. And again, we haven't seen the terms of the new deal and we know that this is gonna lead to jobs being lost, but he'll just blame it on other people. Here play this clip. You're not gonna have to even think about that. Frankly, it won't matter because they're gonna be here for a long time. A lot longer than that. There will be no layoffs and no outsourcing whatsoever. And every US steel worker will soon receive a well-deserved $5,000 bonus. That's very right.


Thank you very much. That's great. That's importantly for what you've gone through. You've gone through a lot. It's closing, it's not closing, it's opening. And you wanna stay here. People say, well, we'll move to another place, or we'll do chips, or we'll do something like chips. Somehow you don't want to do chips. I'm looking at these giant guys with the giant arms. You're not gonna like doing chips. Most importantly, More lying from Donald Trump. He then stands in front of these steel workers and says that the 2024 election was the greatest landslide ever. He says it's the biggest landslide in 129 years. It's false. Donald Trump didn't even get the majority of the vote and the 2024 election here play this clip.


I said before, and I'll say it again, we have the hottest country right now in just four months. But actually you have to go back to November 5th. Since November 5th, that was election day. We had the greatest election victory. They say in 129 years. The most consequential election in 129 years. I don't know what 129 years was, but we'll see. We will check it out later on. We'll find out. Must have been something pretty good. But we have the most consequential, we won every swing state. We won the popular vote, we won the districts 2,750 to 505.


We're doing a job. And you're doing, Do you see though, it's just lie after lie after lie. You know, to the people who are there, to the steel workers who are there. And you know when then when he's called out on the lie, he'll blame judges, he'll blame the Japanese company. He'll blame Congress and he'll be, I didn't do it. But it's obvious, you know, this is all just one gigantic fraud like this. Donald Trump says that last month we cut the trade deficit in half here, play this clip Last month we also cut the trade deficit in half. And that's the story of today. They can't believe it. The numbers just came. We, we cut before we even get started. Actually, we cut it in half The trade.


And again, it's just a basic fact check. You know, we did not cut the deficit in half. I I, I'll, why don't I even just use Elon Musk's grok, his AI to fact check this. And you'll see no Donald Trump's claim that the US cut the trade deficit in half last month is not true. According to the latest data, the US trade deficit actually increased to 140.5 billion in March, 2025, up from 134.5 billion in February 20, 20, 25. So the, the deficit is going up and it's not going down. All of Donald Trump's things have had the reverse effect.


You know, I get asked a lot where I do my research from for things like that as well. And, and for seeing how this stuff is being covered by right wing and by left wing media, I use something called Ground News. And so I took a look at Ground News just to see who's covering this kind of, this kind of fake terms that Donald Trump's pushing out there for this US Steel deal with Nissan. You know, and as I look at the results here, you see that 49% of the sources are allegedly on the, the quote unquote center, you know, which is deeply problematic because they're getting fed headlines, US steel to remain in America form partnership with neon. Trump says, Trump says, when, when you see Trump says, you should know that that is a, a total lie. Anyway, this the research tool I use. It's called Ground News. It's essential to my research. You can get 40% off by going to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code. We're gonna give our viewers 40% off Ground News, top tier vantage plan, which will get you unlimited access to all the tools that I use. Ground News is subscriber funded, so they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias. Subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep the media transparent. That's Ground News slash mtn. So go and check that out.


Now, going back to Trump's disastrous speech right here, Trump, after lying to all of the people about the deficit, about bringing in $11.1 trillion, by the way, if all that stuff happened, it would be great. It's just all I He says, you're gonna be so happy. You're gonna have so much success. You're not gonna know what to do with all of your success here. Play this clip. Oh, you're gonna be happy, you're gonna be happy. There's a lot of money coming your way. It's a lot of money. You're gonna say, please sir, we don't want this kind of success. It's too much, sir, we can't take Please, we beg you, we don't want this much success, but we do really don't we? We're gonna be so successful. You have just, you have just started.


You're gonna watch, Come on. What are we talking about there? Right? Like, and, and, and we have to really think about that though. 'cause it, it, it's a reminder of how he campaigns and really when he's in office, how he campaigns and it's just based on fraud. The people there are not gonna be so successful that they're not gonna know what to do with it. Go check back what happened with his 2018 steel tariffs. Go look at what's happening right now with the tariffs. People are losing their jobs. We've had jobless claims. What last week rose, what? 241,000. We, this is, this is all a lie. But he goes there, he lies to the people, he defrauds them, and then he will blame a Dr. Fauci or he will blame a Jerome Powell.


He will blame whoever. Then Donald Trump talking about more lying. He talks about it. He built the wall, played this clip, But they allowed, they allowed that to happen. I built almost 700 miles of wall. If we didn't have the wall, we could have never done what we did over 700 miles. But still they came because they didn't want to finish. They didn't want to close up any gap, the gaps that we had to keep so that we could get our equipment out so we could get through. They didn't want to put up the final stages. It would've taken three weeks to put up the final stages. They said, no, we don't want the wall built. Then he says this weird statement about how, you know, all of these Jo these steel jobs were lost like taking candy away from a baby.


Dude, you were in office before. You were the one who claimed that you were gonna bring it back the first time around. But play this clip Rails and incompetence and stupidity and corruption cost this region over 100,000 steel jobs. And they melted away just like butter melts away. Between the year 2000 and 2016, more than half of all the job in Pittsburgh, iron and seal mills were obliterated. They were just absolutely taken away. Like just taken away. Like you take away candy from a baby Here. Donald Trump then claims and still believes that insane asylums and political asylum are the same thing.


Play it. They came from mental institutions. They're mentally insane. They were pouring into our country by the millions. They allowed this to happen to our country. And this very creepy thing that Trump is doing, he says that these accounts that kids are gonna get when they're born, that he calls the Trump accounts, that every newborn child will get $1,000 credit the moment that they're born in their Trump accounts. You don't get more dictator and weird than this to call baby accounts. Trump accounts, play this clip, And we're creating a special Trump account for every newborn child, starting them off with a $1,000 credit to be invested over the course of their life.


A little baby is born, they're gonna start off with a thousand dollars. And if we do a good job of investing their money, we're gonna go with one of the, one of the investing guidelines. Who the hell knows if they're any good, but they have a chance to be very rich. It's gonna be very cute to see. We're gonna follow it very closely. So let's just take a look at what the United States Steel Workers Union is saying, just because I think facts matter. Their headline is US Steel Partnership announcements. More question than answers. They haven't seen, the union hasn't seen the terms of this deal. I think it's an important thing to point out. The union hasn't seen the terms of the deal. They said if it's the 2023 deal, And that means neon, the Japanese company is acquiring US Steel not the opposite way, but Donald Trump and his regime members were out there saying, no, no, no.


Neon Steel's gonna be folded under US Steel. And it's like US steel acquiring neon. That's, that's not what's happening. Neon is acquiring US Steel. And one of the things that we've seen with these types of acquisitions is gonna be layoffs and then a movement towards non-union shop factories. That's what they're gonna do. And then when they do it, Trump's gonna say, Ugh. But I was, I had it all planned out. It was all perfect. But then the radical leftist did this to me. The ra I mean, how do the people not in that audience, not know that the guy is coning him? Don't you realize this is the scheme he ran in Atlantic City, you know, in the early 1990s and they all lost their jobs.


Don't you have a short memory of what happened the last time around with him? They don't, they don't. I, I, I, I, I don't know how else to get through, get through other than you the guy's defrauding you. It's so obvious. I'll, I'll check back in you with back, back in with you in three months. Here's the T-S-M-C-A. Trump tries to pronounce T-S-M-C-A, can't even pronounce what he's talking about here. Play this clip. A Hundred billion dollars to invest in America, not in China. Nvidia, $500 billion. TSMC. If you look at this one, TSMC. And this is a company, the biggest in the world for chips. And that basically sums up that speech in a nutshell. Hit subscribe.


Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Thanks again. Ground News. Ground News, we appreciate you everybody. Check that out. Ground News slash MTN and then use that code. Get that 40% off the Ground News, top tier vantage plan. Thanks so much, love this video.


Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.