
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify. The global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/tech, all lowercase. That's shopify.com/tech.


The meltdown continues Donald Trump making post after post on his social media platform. He's now saying that Google is trying to rig the election. He's calling an emergency press conference for tomorrow at Bedminster, where his first wife, Ivana is buried in the back lot under shrubs. Donald Trump got this bad news this morning that Florida is now within the margin of era. A new Florida poll by FAU Main Street Research has Donald Trump only leading Vice President, Kamala, Harris by two points in Florida, folks.


Florida is in play. Ohio is potentially in play. North Carolina is definitely now in play. Vice President, Kamala Harris will be speaking soon in North Carolina. Let's just Take a look at this meltdown that Donald Trump is having this morning. First, he posted the following. My conversation with Elon last night was heard by a record audience and was really something special. As Elon himself is very special, and I thank him for such a strong endorsement. Unfortunately, because of the complexity of modern day equipment and cell phone technology, my voice was in certain areas somewhat different and strange.


Therefore, we have put out an actual and perfect recording of the conversation. Enjoy. Oh, yes, of course. It is that modern day equipment and cell phone technology. Whenever I'm on the phone and I'm calling my coworkers and I'm calling my friends, people are always saying to me, Ben, you're sounding just like Daffy Duck. And I say to them, yes, it's of course, it's the modern day technology. It makes us all sound like Daffy Duck these days. What are we going to do about it? We need to create new technology so we don't sound like Daffy Duck. Here's, here's here. I'm gonna show you the other statements that Donald, that Donald Trump made, but just take a listen to Donald Trump in, in the Elon Musk interview here, play this clip.


I may be a craven little coward, but I'm a greedy cr, a little coward. I just gotta have that 5G, Okay. ZII. That's the last time I'm gonna play the Daffy duck clip here. By the way, is Donald Trump in that interview talking about how he said that Vice President Kamala Harris reminds, looked like his wife Melania, on the Time Magazine cover here, play this clip. She's terrible, but she's getting a free writer. I saw a picture of her, yeah, yeah. On Time Magazine. Today she looks like the most beautiful actress ever to live. I, it was a drawing, and actually, yeah, she looked very much like a great first lady, Melania.


She looked, she didn't look. Yeah, she didn't look like Camilla. That's right. But of course, she's a beautiful woman. So we'll leave it at that. Right? And just so you can see that Donald Trump, that was not like a technology thing. Here, take a look. This is a video of Donald Trump in the room actually talking. You can see it's him here play the clip. Biden Actually did something that was impossible. Both sides hate him. You know, both sides. Yeah. That was a hard thing to do. Unification. Yeah, no, no, I mean, I mean The, alright, sorry. Back to Donald Trump's statements from this morning. Donald Trump goes, wow, Google and the Harris campaign are manipulating stories.


Is this legal? Then Donald Trump goes, what are you even talking about? So now you're saying Google is rigging the election and Google is conspiring with Vice President, Kamala Harris, and they're creating an army of fake artificial intelligence crowds that follow her around from state to state. What in the world are you even talking about? Just think about it from a nonpolitical level. How is it that people want to give this guy at all the nuclear codes when he's saying the most insane, dangerous, weird stuff like this, yet alone? Give him any position, dear.


Proximity to power. I mean, if someone was in a place where you worked a social club, a a big company, small company, mid-size nonprofit, a social gathering. If, if, if you just had people over to your house and someone's like, Hey, Ben, wow. Are you, are you hearing what's going on? I go, what? What's going on? Did you know that Google and Vice President, Kamala, Harris are conspiring and Google is trying to rig this election? I would go, wait, what do you mean? You, you, you know, Ben, the crowds are all artificial intelligence. They're not real crowds that you're seeing on, you know, it's all ai really. This is where we are at America.


Are you being serious right here? Are we being serious right here? Could we watch this meltdown in what's going on? And just say that Donald Trump literally needs a straight jacket to be placed on him. He needs to be put an involuntary psychiatric hold for this behavior. Donald Trump continues to post this post, post, post, post, post, post, post. He writes everywhere Kamala Harris has gone, she has been followed by failure and suffering. He goes as just one example. When she was put in charge of the border, the borders are, it became the worst and most dangerous border anywhere in the world. First and foremost. That's just simply false. Second, you are the one blocking a bipartisan border.


Let's be clear, border crossings are down now to even lower levels than when, than when you were in office. Let's be very clear about that. Number one. Number two, vice President. Kamala Harris supports a bipartisan border deal that you and the Republicans are stopping. It requires legislation and you and the Republicans now that you control, want to create chaos. So you can post things like this and think that it's a winning issue for you.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies, and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. Miracle made sheets are thermoregulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer, than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas. Try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40% and if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you. Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Then it goes on to say manipulation of everything. Everything's being manipulated, and then Donald Trump goes, Google trying to rig the election. So do you want me to Google it or are you saying that Google is trying to rig the election? He's saying Google is trying to rig the election, which is what he keeps on posting over and over again. Then Donald Trump reposts this. The government is out to impose Lockdowns mask mandates and v mandates. Donald, when, when you were in office, that's when the lockdowns took place. Let's just accept that you were in office. You utterly failed When Covid hit our shores.


You tried to cover it up like you do everything. You said like a miracle. It was all going to go away. You did press conference where, where you told people to inject bleach into their arms. You told people that there's nothing to worry about. You told people it is not a big deal. You bragged about your ratings and now you're posting Kamala is leading the crooked charge. So all, all he's got is fear. All he's got is to try to scare people and spread these deranged conspiracies because he can't even speak anymore. And then Donald Trump posts this regarding our Secretary of Defense. Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin.


Donald Trump goes, here we go. The stupid people are at it again, and he's reposting this like right wing extremist account, real America's voices, which masquerades as like a news network. It goes on to say, defense secretary orders guided missiles submarine to Middle East. I know for you, Donald Trump, your plans would be just handing over you know, the world to Vladimir Putin and destroying nato. But you know, we here in the United States of America have allies. We here in the United States of America have a complex geostrategic interest and defense secretary Lloyd Austin is doing, you know, is doing a good job. But let's go to your defense secretary. How about we go to Mark Esper?


Let's see what your Donald Trump, your defense secretary has to say about you. This is Trump's defense secretary Mark Esper, saying that Donald Trump is a threat to democracy. Play this clip three Years after the attack on the Capitol. I'm just curious, Mr. Secretary, do you view Donald Trump as a threat to American democracy? Well, first of all, good to be at the gym. It is a tragic day in our our nation's history. And, and yes, I I do regard him as a, a threat to democracy. Democracy as we know it, our institutions, our our political culture, all those things that make America great and have defined us as you know, the oldest democracy on this planet.


Yeah, that was your defense secretary Donald, your defense secretary. So then Donald Trump posts this as well. He goes, press conference, emergency, press conference. Then he goes, Donald Trump to hold a press conference in Bedminster, New Jersey. Donald Trump, 45th president of the United States will hold a press conference in Bedminster, New Jersey on Thursday, August 15th, 2024 at 4:30 PM Eastern time. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says, are all the networks going to cover this fire hose of lies live again? So the Trump campaign can get millions more in free advertising campaigning from his country club. Is that what you're gonna do?


Corporate media? I'm sure that is what you're actually going to do. Then Donald Trump posts this, this whiny all caps message. Judge Marshan just ruled that I, the Republican candidate for President and leading in the polls am still under a gag order concerning very important things, which must be brought to light. I'm not allowed to answer reporters' questions. Can you believe it must get us Supreme Court involved? New York is trying to steal the election. Google's trying to steal the election. New York is trying to steal the election. Artificial intelligence crowds are starting to steal the election. This is a mad man. This is a mad man.


There's no other way around it. This is someone who is actually a psychopath, posting this ridiculous filth every single day over and over again. What he was referring to is that, first off, he's a convicted felon, okay, found liable on 34 felony counts. I know the media wants to say, well, that's just baked in. That's Trump being Trump. Someone found liable for sexual assault. Somebody convicted on 34 counts of felonies. That's Trump being Trump. No, that's a sicko, that's a criminal. That's a sexual assaulter. Let's just call him what he is. And Justice Marshan for the third time, Donald Trump brought it three times, said, no, I'm not removing the gag order to allow you to attack family members of the court or family members of the district attorney's office.


I've already removed the gag order to allow you to make comments about witnesses that you can talk about the jury. You're free to do that, but you're a convicted felon sentencing's taking place September 18th. So no, this is the third time you're requesting that the gag order be removed. I'm not removing the gag order because you're a convicted felon and the proceedings are still taking place. So that's what Donald Trump's saying there. The meltdown continues. We'll keep you posted every step of the way here, folks. I'm Ben. Marcel is, this is the Midas Touch network. Hit subscribe. We're on our way to 3 million subscribers. I think we're gonna get there in the next 10 to 15 days. Help us get there. Hit subscribe.


It's free to subscribe on YouTube. Just hit subscribe. Thanks so much. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.