
Not a bad start. For day one of the Democratic National Convention, a new Fox poll came out earlier in the morning showing Donald Trump down by six, with likely voters that threw Donald Trump into a complete tailspin making post after post, many of which Donald Trump uses AI images, for example, making posts of vice President Kamala Harris using AI in front of a Soviet convention and then making posts claiming that Taylor Swift and the Swifties have endorsed him using AI images of the Swifties. Can you get any more pathetic than that?


Possibly if your name is Donald Trump. Of course, over the past 48, 72 hours, the news broke and Donald Trump doubling down on it, that Donald Trump continues to say that GI giving the Medal of Freedom or receiving the Medal of Freedom is better than the Congressional Medal of Honor. Donald Trump said that when he gave Miriam Adelson one of his big donors, the Medal of Freedom because she was not injured or dead, it was far better than giving somebody the Congressional Medal of Honor, which is given for gallantry and for heroism in war because our soldiers who receive the Medal of Honor are often killed or maimed or seriously injured.


Then Donald Trump doubled down on that after his speech in Wilkes Bury Pennsylvania, which was just a disastrous speech where Trump spent most of the 90 minutes rambling, ranting mostly about the way vice President Kamala Harris looks. And Donald Trump continued to say that he thought that he looks better and he's better looking than vice President Kamala Harris and he let everybody know how angry he is that a sketch artist drew a very beautiful picture of vice President Kamala Harris Boy did that make him very angry and that was the message that he wanted to share with the people of Pennsylvania. On the other hand, vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Walls began their bus tour through Pennsylvania where they were talking about kitchen table issues, where they were talking about the economy, get this in detail and where Governor Walls and vice President Kamala Harris were talking about joy and trying to unite people and bring people together while Donald Trump continues to try to stoke fear.


Also, other interesting developments on day one of the Democratic National Convention, not even having to deal with the DNC George Santos MAGA Republican Congress member, a former MAGA Republican Congress member earlier in the day, pled guilty to two counts of violations of federal law regarding wire fraud and aggravated identity theft. We'll show you the video in just a bit of George Santos breaking down and crying after his guilty plea. He's gonna serve some serious time on the low end, two years behind bars that he may serve as many as six to 10 years behind bars. We told you when that story was breaking that he was committing those crimes and it's good to see that justice was served today.


We'll also talk about some other legal updates in the Manhattan District Attorney case and it seems that JD Vance can't get anything right over the weekend. He randomly brought up again Jeffrey Epstein during an interview with Fox for like almost no reason at all, but thanks for opening the Pandora's Box so we could talk more about Donald Trump's connections with Epstein JD Vance. And then JD Vance was complaining in Philadelphia, why they don't have Swiss cheese on Philly cheese steaks. He makes the biggest mistakes everywhere he goes. We'll talk about that and more on the Midas Touch podcast. Of course, today is day one of the DNC. Let's bring in Brett Jordy is not gonna be here today. He's out and about and and taking care of his kid and I think he's at a convention as well, but Jordy will be back with us very soon.


You, you think he's at a convention as well. I dunno how much I could share about where Jordy is or J Jordy is not assigned Manat at the Democratic National Convention, but at another convention doing some work. But oh boy, Ben, we got a lot of people at the Democratic National Convention in Midas Touch Network world. We are so excited to be sharing all of this with the Midas Mighty. We are obviously at home base right now to do all of our reporting, make sure everything goes on. But I'm sure a lot of you have been watching Adam LERs live stream on his YouTube channel. Make sure that you are subscribed to the at Adam Mackler YouTube channel. We also have a whole host of other people there that a lot of familiar faces that you guys may know, may see like Fred Wellman, like Harry Litman, like Keith Edwards, like Ken Harbaugh, like politics girl.


I might even be missing people. Adam Parka, Meco Alley San Marco. We got a whole crew of people at the DNC covering it to bring you the UpToDate news live on the ground from there. Now we are prerecording this show today so that we could be doing our live DNC coverage as well. But we are excited to bring you all the related news and everything that is going on and the Trump meltdown continues to the, the guy continues to implode Ben I mean it's, it's quite something to see. He has not had to be on the defensive at all this entire election until the past few weeks and he does not know how to handle it. And now he's kind of in this death spiral where he continues to say the craziest things like even crazy by Donald Trump standards offensive things and he does not know how to go up against Kamala Harris.


It is quite something to see and we just see these acts of desperation over and over while we see Vice President Harris and Governor Tim Walls actually hitting the road, making phone calls, doing the actual work of campaigning, meeting voters where they actually are. It is quite the contrast to see, and we will break all of that down here on this episode of the Midas Touch podcast. Yeah, let's get right into it. I mean, I think it was important that we still kept a podcast that could talk about all of the news over the past few days and today because there's been a lot of developments and we figured that if we were going to just focus on the Democratic National Convention, you'd probably miss some of the news that took place.


And knowledge is power, so we're just like, let's do both. So maybe we do this show slightly abbreviated than what our normal is. We'll go about an hour here and then you can go back and forth watching this and watching our other coverage of the Democratic. I want everybody to have all the tabs open a tab for this coverage, a tab for the live DNC coverage, a tab of Adam Achler walking around giving you the behind the scenes look at the DNC. Your computer needs to look like, like the movie like, like The Matrix, the architect of the Matrix or Minority reporter or something just looking at all the screens all around. You talk about the Fox poll right there that I talked about at the outset of the show among likely voters. vice President Kamala Harris leads by six.


A morning consult poll just came out where vice President Kamala Harris leads by four. The new a BC general election poll has vice President Kamala Harris Up five, the New York Times Ciena Poll has vice President Kamala Harris not only leading by four in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin, but also up by four in Arizona and up by two in North Carolina. How is Donald Trump responding to this? Not very well. Donald Trump sent the following email alert from Trump. This came up right after the Fox poll dropped alert from Trump and this is what he's posting right now. Kamala Harris wants communism in America. First they erased my right to free speech, dude, you're talking right now.


Then they targeted me with regime lawfare. Now Kamala wants Soviet price controls in every neighborhood grocery store. I mean can you get any LaMer and weirder than this? And then using AI images of the Soviet Union. Isnt this Trump rally? Isn't this the guy who like a few days ago when he was making up that Vice President Harris was, didn't actually have these large crowds, that it was all AI that said her use of AI should make her disqualified, I think was the word that he used in his post. And here he is act. Of course that was complete bs. Here he is actually making AI photos of Kamala Harris and it's just so weird and cringe worthy, but hey, at least he acknowledges in this AI photo of her in front of the communist crowd that she's getting big crowds.


'cause that's a, that's a bigger crowd than we've seen at any of these Trump rallies recently, I will say. And it's the MAGA colors right there though. It is the MAGA colors. Okay, going next, what is Donald Trump posting as well? This is pop based. So this is reaching right here, like non, like people who don't follow day-to-day politics. They're going like, what? What is he doing? Huh? Yes. Donald Trump is sharing fake AI generated images of Taylor Swift and her fans to claim her and their endorsement. I accept the endorsement of the Swifties, Donald Trump says, and he's posting AI images of not real people wearing Swifties for Trump shirts.


A fake headline. This isn't even a real headline in a real anything Swifties turning to Trump after Isis foiled Taylor Swift and Ben Ben. If you look right above the headline, I'm not sure if our viewers could see it, it's a little small, but you look above the word swifties, that red text right there literally says satire on it. It's a satirical article that Donald Trump is trying to pass off as real and it's full. All of those images above it are all AI generated images of women wearing swifties for Trump shirts. I guess that's what happens when you can't actually find real swifties for Trump out there. But if there's one thing I've learned in my time on this planet is you don't wanna piss off the swifties.


I think this is a huge miscalculation. I wouldn't be surprised if Donald Trump hear is from Taylor Swift's legal team and also, you know, if this makes Taylor Swift wanna, you know, come out and make an even bigger endorsement of the Harris Walls ticket at some point, she was obviously a very vocal supporter of President Biden in 2020 and spoke out quite forcefully against Donald Trump repeatedly in the past. This just such a miscalculation just also shows like how fricking weird he is, and like you said, it being on pop base, it going on places like TMZ and, and you know, all these sorts of magazines and things like that. TikTok, it's really going to show to a wider, more a broad audience of people who aren't even political followers, how insane this person is and how detached from reality this individual really is.


Then Donald Trump posted a video that was using the Alanis Morissette song and lyrics, and Donald Trump posted a video, and it hurts me to even have to say what it is that he's posting, but the lyrics to a song that Donald Trump posted on his social media platform said that Kamala Harris goes down on her knees and that's how she became a commander in chief doing what they please. So disgusting or words to those effect using the Alanis Morissette, they changed the lyrics around. And that is a video that Donald Trump posted on his social media platform. And you can see some of the, you know, I don't wanna play the, I don't wanna play the audio, but the fact that that will not be covered by corporate media, right?


I I, I can bet you that corporate media is not going to report that Donald Trump posted a video that has lyrics saying that vice President, Kamala Harris got where she is today, to use the exact words of the lyrics that are said by going down on her knees. That won't even be a story covered by corporate media. I just want you to think about that. They go, oh, that's just Trump being Trump. What a misogynistic, disgusting human being. The exact opposite of what we want to teach our children to be I mean the worst behaved petulant third grader doesn't even behave this way. And this is the leader of the Republican Party. And I think that's the why at a nationwide level.


Americans are coalescing around this message by vice President, Kamala, Harris, and governor walls of joy, of unity, of respect, of intelligence, of rejecting this utter and despicable maga filth and this nonsense is what it is. You know, governor Walls gave a speech, we'll talk about it a little bit later in the show where he was speaking to a group of high school students, a, a football team, and then he was speaking to another group of people and he goes, you know what I miss? He goes, I miss the days where we can have a normal Thanksgiving without having those relatives. Like wanna talk about all of these like anti-democracy things and pro Putin thing.


I want to go back to normal where we can just talk about shared American values and what we see Donald Trump wanting to do over and over again is take our joy away and provoke fear and also have these, you know, psychological sessions that they're not even speeches. It's like watching a sociopath just like act out all of their pathology on stage. And it's, and it's gross and it's weird. I mean here he was in Wilkes Bay, Pennsylvania. I'm not gonna show you the whole speech, we'll just give you a few clips of it and you'll get the general vibe of what went down where Trump spent most of the speech talking about his looks and he thinks he's better looking than vice President Kamala Harris.


Again, this type of statement in and of itself, in and of itself should be disqualifying and be like, what? What are you talking about? What are, are you, are you three years old? Because three year olds, no offense to them, they behave better. Who behaves like this? Here, play this clip. Okay, She called it wrong. She's called it wrong now for about eight years. But she said one thing that got me. She said, Kamala has one big advantage. She's a very beautiful woman. She's a beautiful woman. So I decide to go back and reread the clothes. I'm not saying he's, but I say that I am much better looking than her.


I think I'm much Better, much better. I'm a better looking person than Kamala. No, I couldn't believe it. She said, you know, I had never heard that one. They said, no, her biggest advantage is that she's a beautiful woman. I'm going, huh? I never thought of that. I'm better looking than she is. This is like actually a cra it's watching an actual crazy person here he is too, in this speech. And I think he was supposed to be focused on the economy, like that was the, how this speech was framed. And here he is talking about how much he likes TiVo. Here play this clip. I I had a play it back. You know, I love the playback controls you have nowadays.


They used to call it TiVo. Now they have TiVo, all the, I think it's the single greatest invention. It's better than television because television would drive you crazy if you couldn't do a playback, right? No. Okay. He does that. And then he talks about the real pressing issues that people in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania confront. Like Vice president Kamala Harris' laugh here, play this clip. People say be nice. Have you heard her laugh? That is the laugh of a crazy person. That is the laugh of a crazy, it's a laugh of a lunatic. Have you heard it? You know, they prohibited her. They prohibited her for laughing.


I, I, you know, I've been waiting for her to laugh because as soon as she laughs the election's over. Okay, then he speaks in York, Pennsylvania earlier today. Again, his speech was supposed to be about the economy. It was not. He kept on talking about how he's being called weird and he thinks he's not weird. Here, play this clip, see It a little bit by this whack job. You know? He said, we are weird, weird that JD and I are weird. I think we're extremely normal people, which like you. Exactly. Like he's weird. Did you ever see him go on the stage and go like crazy? It's like he, between his movement and her left, there's a lot of craziness.


I'd say a step further than weird. Weird is a nice word by comparison. Okay, well let's take a look Donald, at the speech that you just gave and the things that you were saying. Now let's take a look at Governor Walls speaking at a high school football practice. 'cause Governor Walls was a high school teacher. He was a high school football coach that brought the team and won a state championship. Let's show Governor Walls speaking at this high school in Pennsylvania. Play this clip. I know it'd be easy, especially now, our politics has been pretty ugly. Our politics has seemed pretty negative. Our politics is something that I know. What I fear most is, is that young people turn away from it rather than turning into it.


Politics isn't that much different than this. It's about something bigger than themselves. It's about setting a future goal and trying to reach it. It's about doing it with dignity and hard work. It's about doing it with humility. And when you lose, you walk across the field and you shake hands with the other team and know they played hard too. But we're all in it together to try and make it better. And things like investing in this public school and having, I can't imagine what this place looks like when it's filled with folks and the lights are on and the leaves are turning and that game's in the fourth quarter and somebody has to make that play. Somebody has to step up and you look to each side of you and you know, I trust them. I trust to make that play. Our country's not that different. Our neighbors want to be with you. Our neighbors want to do what's right.


And the more we figure out that we're in this thing together and we have more in common than we have separated, we're gonna do a heck of a lot better. So I have to tell you, thanks for taking some time. Thanks for giving us the privilege to stand on this field. 'cause you earn the right to be on this field. You earn it with a lot of sweat. You earn it with a lot of time in the weight room. You earn it with the folks who came before you and know that they care how you conduct yourselves on this. And we feel the same way. We have a responsibility of the American public to conduct ourselves with dignity, conduct ourselves with a vision, and to conduct ourselves in all of this. When football's done right, it is just fun as heck to play the game, and that's the way things can be. So I have to tell you, I am just honored to be with this leader.


I'm honored with someone who's showing us that I'm honored with someone who's out doing politics with a smile on her face and with a sense of that everybody matters. And we're here in this space to say, it's not just a cliche. Our future is with you. And we have a responsibility to deliver it to you in good shape, to make sure that we're doing the right things to give you a good shot at the future. And so for me, it's a privilege to be on this team. It's a privilege to see this leader do it with such joy. You know, it's why when you see kind of Donald Trump and Maga and their behavior, and when you see Governor Wve and Vice President Kamala Harris's behavior, it's why I use the word often behavior, right?


And conduct and character way more than I even talk about politics, because Donald Trump and his behavior and character, lack of character, lack of moral character, the way he talks about vice President, Kamala Harris, the way he always talks about himself, me, me, the way he lies about everything, the way he puts his own interests above we, the people, all of that. And then you compare that to Governor Walls and the way Governor Walls is speaking and behaving, and then it does permeate the crowds and how people are behaving. Like Brett, I don't know if you saw this, but at these Donald Trump and JD Vance, JD Vance events, now they're bringing these like fake JD Vance sperm samples.


This is, this is actually real. The same way that the people at the Trump rallies are wearing diapers and convicted felons for, or, or I support convicted felon shirts. The MAGA is actually carrying around JD van's sperm cups, and they put like fake looking sperm in the cups, and they walk around and they hold them and they open 'em up and they pour 'em on each other. It's, it's, this is what they're doing at Trump events right now, and it's actually repulsive. And, and it also shows you like the, there's, first off, there's everything wrong with this. It's, it's repulsive, it's disgusting. It's quite, quite frankly, like one of the most nauseating, horrific things that I've ever seen.


And when I first saw like the first picture, I was like, there's no way this is real. And then I saw like 30 pictures and, and the more kept coming and, and it was confirmed. And it, it's just like so horrifying. And it also shows though how mean-spirited these people are. Because the reason that they're doing it is apparently to mock Tim Walls and his wife for getting IVF treatments in order to have a family like, like, it's, it, it, it's even like you, you, it's, it checks off all the mega boxes. It's weird, it's gross, it's nauseating and it is just demeaning as hell and just reprehensible behavior. And to target something like IVF in this way, they're not beating the weird allegations.


This is the kind of stuff that no normal people in this country look at and go, I want to be associated with this movement. And it's why Ben, it's why you and me and Jordy and the Midas mighty, it's why when we say the things that we're fighting against here at Midas Touch, we don't view them as political things. This should not be a political issue. This, this should not be, I don't know how this is conservative principles. I don't know how this is republicanism. I, I don't understand anything about this. And it's just so emblematic of this MAGA movement, which is just so detached from American values. And really what Governor Wall said in that clip is what this network is about.


I think it's why it resonates with so many folks that it's don't you wanna be able to like have, be able to watch TV without having this politics shoved in your face and people yapping at you about these weird conspiracies and everything. Like, don't you want this to be back to like, what could we do to make people's lives better? And we could debate the issues, but we don't have to be at each other's throats over every little thing and making stuff up. And Donald Trump and JD Vance just continue to prove Tim Walls and Kamala Harris's points by continuing to be so weird and divisive and continuing to push these conspiracy theories and make these AI images and just all these reprehensible attacks, which are then amplified by networks like Fox Networks, like O-A-N-R-S-B-N and and the like, and are just so toxic and, and poison the political discourse and the cultural discourse and the societal discourse of the United States of America.


When we get back, I wanna show you George Santos crying after pleading guilty to two felony counts. I wanna talk more about vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Walls surging ahead. I want to talk more about some additional court updates today in the Manhattan District Attorney case. It's day one, folks of the Democratic National Convention. We've got two streams going. We've got a DNC stream, we've got the podcast stream, we've got Midas correspondents who are there live streaming everything like Adam Mackler. It's busy, but working for democracy is good, fun and good work, everybody. Reminder patreon.com/ Midas Touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/ Midas Touch and store dot Midas Touch dot com For the best pro democracy gear, let's try to hit 3 million subscribers this week.


We will be right back after our first quick break.


I know from a lot of the emails that you send me that a lot of you watching and listening are entrepreneurs. You run your own business and you know, I run a business too, the Mightest Touch Network, so I know how hard it is to manage your numbers, manage the trends in the market and budget, everything your business gets to a certain size and the cracks start to emerge. Things you used to do in a day are now taking a week. You have two many manual processes and you don't have one source of truth. If this is you, you need to know these three numbers. 37,000, 25 and one. Okay? 37,000. That's the number of businesses which have upgraded to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system, streamlining, accounting, financial management, inventory, HR, and more. 25 NetSuite turns 25 this year. That's 25 years of helping businesses do more with less close their books in days, not weeks, and drive down costs. And one, because your business is one of a kind. So you get a customized solution for all of your key performance indicators. KPIs in one efficient system with one source of truth, manage risks, get reliable forecasts and improve margins. Everything you need to grow all in one place, the power of having all the information in one place to make better decisions and the unprecedented offer NetSuite is providing has been a game changer for us here at Midas Touch. And I think it will also be a major game changer for you and your business. Right now. Download NetSuite's popular KPI checklist, designed to give you consistently excellent performance absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash midas. That's NetSuite dot com slash midas N-E-T-S-U-I-T e.com/midas to get your own KPI checklist. That's NetSuite dot com slash midas. Check it out.


You heard the good news interest rates have dropped and right now is the perfect time to call my friends at American Financing. They're a family owned company that is helping people just like you create meaningful savings every month. They're salary based mortgage consultants. Look at your full financial picture, all of your debts, including those frustrating credit card balances where you're paying upwards of 20 to 30% in interest payments every month. And they work with you to create a loan program where they wipe that all out and in some cases have some cash left over to create some emergency savings. American financing is a true partner in helping you and your family save money. They never charge any upfront or hidden fees. It costs you absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save. Their average customer is saving over $800 a month. And if you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments, 8 6 6 8 8 6 20 26. That's 8 6 6 8 8 6 20 26. Or visit american financing.net/touch. That is american financing.net/touch.


Welcome back. Thank you to our sponsors. Everybody wanna see George Santos cry. Let's do it. I'm taking responsibility because I have to. There's no other way around it. To my family, friends and supporters and the people of New York's third Congressional District, I offer my deepest apologies, has been the proudest achievement of my life to represent you. And I believe I did so to the best of my abilities, but you also trusted me to represent you with honor and to uphold the values that are essential to our democracy. And in that regard, I failed you. I know that my actions have caused disappointment, frustration, and a loss of faith in me.


And for that, I'm truly sorry. I also want to acknowledge the many people who have stood by me during this difficult time. My family, friends, and legal team. Your support has been a source of strength. And I'm determined to repay your faith in me by becoming a better person moving forward. I am dedicated to making amends for the wrongs I have committed. I understand that there are legal consequences for my actions and I accept them fully. This plea is not just an admission field, it's an acknowledgement that I need to be held accountable like any other American that breaks the law. I hope that by facing these consequences head on, I can begin to demonstrate my commitment to change and to earning or forgiveness.


I do not ask for forgiveness. Forgiveness as I know that that must be earned through actions, not words. I want to be a part of restoring the integrity that I helped diminish, and I will work tirelessly to regain the trust of those I have left out. As I move forward. I am committed to living a life that reflects the values I should have upheld all along truth and integrity. I mean truth and integrity is entire life. Story is lied. He's lied his entire life. He happened to get caught. That is why he's in this situation. He got caught and then he lied about it and tried to cover it up until finally he had to plead guilty where the Department of Justice and others investigated and he had no escape route.


So he entered into this plea. And you know, I I will say this though, I mean that is the type of statement though that you do want to hear from someone who is pleading guilty. I mean, you heard him say unequivocally that he is taking accountability. He's saying that he hasn't earned anybody's forgiveness, nor is he asking for it. He's saying that he deserves to pay for what he did. He says he's I mean, he says this, he says that. He says that. Yeah, you saw the sign behind. It's like, ha, I I think the sign was saying words to the effect of when Donald Trump and George Santos lips are moving. They are lying. Yeah, but you know, there he is. And you know, for all of those who have followed the saga here at the Midas Touch network, when even when we first reported on what was suspicious, I think we were probably one of the first median networks that were looking through his FEC filings.


I remember those reports. What, two, two years ago? Yeah. At this point or 18 months ago. And you know, a lot of people saying, oh, we don't know what you're talking about. So to see the justice happen after, you know, I think our investigative reporting as a network feels good, even if we were a small part of bringing transparency to that and bringing accountability. Brett. Yeah. And Ben, this is like I mean, he's gonna face time. Like he's, he could face pretty serious time. The plea agreement not only calls for Santos to make restitution payments of at least $373,749 and 97 cents, but the minimum for the crimes in prison is two years.


And the judge said that, hinted that the possible sentencing for Santos could be between six and eight years. Now the sentencing is not until February. But you know, that's probably another reason why we see Santos. They're not quite looking as confident as we've seen Santos in the past where he was much more defiant and saying that he did nothing wrong. This is a different Santos. 'cause he knows finally it is time for him to face the music. And frankly, I look forward to the day when we are seeing Donald Trump going through the same thing that starts with defeating him in November. But finally, justice has been served.


The wheels of justice move slowly, but they do indeed move, you know, trial was scheduled in the next week, two weeks, jury selection was gonna take place. So he had no other option, right? Like he delayed this and pushed this out as far as he can go. He did the websites where he made money like giving, you know, shout outs to people or whatever it is. And he made his hundreds of thousands of dollars. There's whatever it is. Yeah. And so, you know, that ran its course. He saw that he had trial, he knew he was going to lose, and so he begged for a deal. You know, I think when you speak about George Santos, a easy transition from Santos is to JD Vance because who is JD Vance like George Santos, JD Vance has had numerous different names, a shapeshifter, a chameleon who then calls other people Chameleons.


I mean JD Vance quite literally has changed his identity three or four times and has changed his name. This is his third name that he's used as he cycled through different identities. When he grew up, he told everybody around him that he was gay. Then his grandma said, you can't be gay. So then he became this anti-gay person, anti L-G-B-T-Q. Then he saw this advantage in law school to being like this, to pretending that he was a hillbilly and that he was like an enlightened hillbilly who hates Trump. So that was like, he wrote a whole book about that. And he claimed that he's from Appalachia and he's not from Appalachia.


And then he wrote a book like bashing people from Appalachia using all of the kind of stereotypes of hillbillies to kind of mock the community. And then that ran its course. And then he, when he ran for Senate, he ran as a Trumper to, he said, I'm a never Trump guy. I'm a never Trump guy to being, I'm a Trumper. I will kiss your ass Donald Trump. And then Trump literally said at the speech, you kiss my ass JD and jds like, ah, I-I-I-I-I kiss your ass. I'm not gonna show any more of the photos of JD V cross-dressing as you know, or JD Vance wearing the wigs or JD Vans, you know, with girls in the bathroom. And, and he, and there's, there's a lot of photos out there.


It suffice to say it's obvious that JD has lots of identity issues and he, and you know, and the reality is, is that we would've all worked to protect his freedoms, yet he has spent his adult life now working to take away our freedoms and working to take away your freedoms. He's the worst VP pick in history, right? I mean statistically, if you look at all of the data, he's even more unfavorable than Sarah Palin. Well, he's more unfavorable than Sarah. It's wild. You know what the crazy thing is too? And this just shows you the depths of how trapped the right wing and maga people are in their algorithms, in their fake world, in their world, Tim Walls is actually extremely unpopular.


And any day now, Kamala's gonna give, kick him off the ticket. But JD Vance is the most popular man in America. Everything is opposite world with these people. Then you actually look at, well, the people themselves. And you look at the hard data and you see that the favorable ratings waltz actually has like the highest favorable ratings of anybody on the ticket, like president or vice president. And JD Vance is so far underwater with net negative favorable ratings. Like he's really disliked. And just like Donald Trump, the more he gets out there, the more he speaks, the less people like him. He's got that DeSantis syndrome a little bit. The funny thing about JD Vance, if you wanna say it funny, is he's a phony version of Governor Walls like he is, right?


He's like the make believe version of Governor Walls and Governor Walls has lived authentically and, and been the, been the coach and he's been there. And, and so to see how Governor Walls has been attacking JD for his inauthenticity, and he is been a, a very tactful and very highbrow way. I'll show you that in a little bit. So, because JD doesn't even know who JD is, you know, he, he parrots these talking points, but once they kind of leave his mouth and, and enter into the public forum, it's like, what, what, what did you, what did you say? So for example, JD Vance was giving an interview with Fox this weekend, and as part of his criticisms of Vice President Co I know how to say it, he's a walking Freudian slip because he doesn't have an identity.


He's a walking talking Freudian slip. And so here he is on Fox criticizing vice President, Kamala Harris, but he has to mention Jeffrey Epstein in it here play this clip Giving Kamala Harris control over inflation policy. Shannon, it's like giving Jeffrey Epstein control over human trafficking policy. The American people are much smarter than that. They don't buy the idea that Kamala Harris represents a fresh start. She is more of the same. It is doubling down on the failed policies of the Harris administration to give Kamala Harris a promotion rather than to fire her, which is what I think most Americas are gonna do on November. Well, I mean the guy just reeks of inauthenticity. And you see Shannon Bream who's interviewing, kind of looking at him like, why, why are you bringing up Epstein?


Why you should carry your analyst. You never know. Donald Trump had that note that said, do not congratulate, like that was the one thing he was, they just, they should just have one that says, do not bring up Epstein. Like whatever you do the one thing, please just do not bring up Epstein like Donald Trump's former best friend. Let's, let's not do that. Well, I mean they don't make it any easier when they're flying around in Jeffrey Epstein's jet. And, and Donald Trump posted a video over on this weekend, like a hype video of him doing the weird, like two fisted dance thing with the, with the tape, the seat sniffer. Remember Donald Trump did the interview with that streamer at, what's that guy's name? Aiden Ross. Aiden Ross, who's, I have five. I'm sad that I know that. Yeah, the streamer got famous for sniffing the butts and the seats of people.


He would go and they would go, Aiden, just take a sniff. Aiden take a real good sniff Aiden. And then Aiden would go and he would sniff and they would go, oh. And so like, I guess that appeals to a subsection of, of 11 year olds. But that guy became a famous dreamer and then Donald Trump. Oh, because that guy appealed to, I guess he appealed to Baron. That was one of the connections there that then Donald Trump did the interview with Aidan to appeal to Gen Z. That was like the big interview. So Trump releases a video with the butt sniffer and they're doing this weird dance in front of like a rented cyber truck. And then I kid you not, it then goes to, and there's like these like weird like misogynistic rap lyrics that are playing, and it's like when I've been on a world tour and she was on all fours, and when they have the lyrics about, she was on all fours, it then shows Donald Trump getting into Epstein's jet.


And, and the, the video shows him walking into Epstein's jet as that's the lyric. And then, and that's the, the jet that Epstein, that Epstein's estate sold to a Republican donor. Then Trump took Epstein's jet, the, the jet that Epstein trafficked woman in the crime scene and then flies around in it and wrapped it with Trump 2024 on it right now, and then flies around in it. And they made a hype video about that. And then you just go back to Donald Trump's power. I'm not gonna do the whole, if, if you watch the videos I did this morning and others, I go through how Donald Trump, that one of Donald Trump's jobs when Donald Trump said he needed to own something that he owned the look of the year competition with like, like literally like 14-year-old girls.


And then he would have them go on a yacht with like older men, old enough to be their grandparents who would like grind on the 14-year-old girls. This according to an article in The Guardian. And then, and then Trump like posted some of these photos. The the one that Trump posted is on his, on Trump media is the, the black and white photo on the, on my right at least is the one that he posted. On the left is the, the pageant that Donald Trump ran were girls on the left, the look of the year competition in 1991. And then he hosted a boat party with old men from Manhattan with girls like that. It, it, it's, it's sick.


Sick. And then we did this video at the Midas Touch network, the contrast between vice President, Kamala, Harris and Donald Trump around children. I wanna, let's let's play that video right now. Okay? Yeah. You're going up the escalator. I'm gonna be dating her in 10 years. Can you, Chloe already has her coupon. That's his hair.


Oh my goodness. You wore your cave. I forgot to wear all my cave. Look at you. Come let, see you, you get a photo of you. Everybody wants, so you talk please. You talk to them about the old, what are we gonna do when we take the, are they gonna be strong, hard? What does Tiffany have of yours? And what does Tiffany have of Myers? She's, she's got, she's got Marla's legs. We don't know whether or not she's got this part yet, but time will tell you.


Maya and Jasmine, my sister's name Is Maya. She's usually, lemme see you Maya, hold that chin. You hold that chin, okay. If you don't, you'll, okay, well then we have a Really beautiful, really beautiful is Paris Hilton, Paris Hilton. And I, I've known Paris Hilton from the time she's 12. She's hot, her parents are friends of mine. And you know, the first time I saw her, she walked into the room, And said, who the hell is that? Did you wanna bang her? I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show.


Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else and you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspect, inspecting. I wanna make sure that everyth you, like you, doctor, you're there. Yeah, the dress is everyone okay, you know, they're standing there with no, is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women. And so I sort of get away with things like, And he's referring to girls, let's be clear. And I showed you the types of girls who go to those pageants that he does. I I do wanna give a hat tip also though to the evangelicals for Harris, a lot of groups forming to show that the way the media portrays things and the way things always seem may not be what they are right now.


So Evangelicals for Harris is a group that's formed to basically say, hey, they did, they did this video calling Donald Trump a false prophet and saying that Donald Trump, you know, basically goes against every single, you know, tenant of religion. And I think whether you're a religious person or you're not a religious person, that should be fairly, fairly o obvious. And you know what's interesting, Brett? Is about four years ago we did lots of videos where we would actually show, you know, you know, whatever, it would be the, and we would compare Donald Trump's behavior to different kind of, you know, you know, religious teachings. Yeah. And we would say, really this is, this is your guy.


We still have a lot to discuss on this show day one of the Democratic National Convention. We're on our way here at the Midas Touch network to 3 million subscribers. We want to try to get there this week before Friday. Let's see if we can do it. Store dot Midas Touch dot com, get your pro democracy gear. Let's make sure you check that out. Really good stuff. 100% union made. 100% made in the USA. Brett, let's take our last quick break of the show and we, we'll be back on. We've got a lot more to discuss still. We'll be right back after this last quick break.


Hey everyone, Brett here. You know, I've tried meal kits before, but sometimes I found they either didn't have enough options or the meals were just too complicated to put together after a long day. Luckily I found Marley Spoon and I cannot be happier. This podcast is sponsored by Marley Spoon. Marley Spoon knows bland food is boring. So they created the best tasting meal kit money can buy. And with our code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, you could get up to 25 free meals with Marley Spoon. You could choose from over a hundred delicious recipes every week from Cajun spiced chicken to poached salmon, to butternut squash nochi to a vegan burrito bowl. My favorite recent meal from Marley Spoon was their grilled pesto chicken. It was absolutely mouthwatering, easy to make and healthy, and many of the recipes are completely customizable. So whether you're looking for vegetarian meals, family friendly dishes, or low carb options, Marley Spoon has the food you want to eat. They even have an in-house registered dietician who assesses every recipe taking the guesswork out of eating healthy. I just cooked a recipe from Marley Spoon last night. My wife and I loved it. There's something really rewarding about cooking food yourself and it tasting amazing versus doing expensive unhealthy takeout. I'm honestly saving so much money and I'm eating healthier, better food as well. Marley Spoon also saves you from making that extra grocery hall. With their online market of Pantry essentials, you could shop their selection of over 125 items like seasonal produce, ready to heat options, meal shortcuts, extra proteins, and handy snacks, and easily add them to your next box. With meal planning and food shopping taken care of, making delicious food at home has finally become effortless. Plus with Marley Spoon, you aren't locked in long term. Their flexible subscription allows you to edit, pause, or cancel your boxes anytime. So experience the most personalized meal kit today with Marley Spoon. Head to marley spoon.com/offer/midas and use code Midas M-E-I-D-S For up to 25 free meals. That's right. Up to 25 free meals with Marley Spoon. One last time. That's marley spoon.com/offer/minus M-E-I-D-A-S. Make sure you use that promo code Midas so they know that we sent you.


I've Been trying to lead a heart healthy lifestyle, but finding the energy to keep up with healthy changes like getting my steps in, it's been an uphill battle. We often think living a more heart healthy life means making big unsustainable changes. Well, with SuperBeets Heart Chew, you can get daily blood pressure support in just two tasty chew a day. And they even promote heart healthy energy Without the stimulants paired with a healthy lifestyle, the antioxidants and super beets are clinically shown to be nearly two times more effective at promoting normal blood pressure than a healthy lifestyle alone. My energy levels are higher than ever now without typical dips from coffee and energy drinks. It's fantastic to support my blood pressure and still have the energy for more physical activity. It's a win-win. Double your Potential with Super Beats Hard shoes. Get a free 30 day supply of Super beats hard shoes on all bundles and 15% off your first order by going to GETSUPERBEETS dot com. And use code Midas. That's get super BEET ets.com code. Midas,


Welcome back. It's day one of the Democratic National Convention. Midas has multiple streams taking place right now. Just take a look at all of these speakers that are happening this evening. Of course, the main keynote speaker of the night is gonna be President Joe Biden. I'm looking forward to his speech, but of course we have United Auto Worker President Sean Fain, we've got a OC, we got Hillary Clinton, Jamie Raskin, Jasmine Crockett, grace Mang, we've got Andy Bashir, Raphael Warnock, Chris Coons, we got President Joe Biden at the, that's just this partial list. No huster.


Yeah. Oh yeah, the Huster is here. We don't gonna tell you that if you Don't vote for I mean what an embarrassment that RNC was. They had OnlyFans models. I mean, they literally had Amber Rose who like just a year ago, was basically saying the exact opposite stuff. And they had her speak right after some of the most like anti-trans anti L-G-B-T-Q speakers spew this hate. Like they, they, they did all their normal, you know, fear mongering over bathrooms and like they did all that speech. Then Amber Rose, you know, who right now is basically promoting our naked photos of herself on OnlyFans.


Then she gives the speech and she's like promoting some scammy looking crypto thing to the moon. And it's like, you know, pump seems, in my opinion, pump and dumpy, but I'll leave that for you to be, for you to be the judge. She's like, I've now found that here. This is a community that supports us. This supports the LGBT lgbtq. I'm like, did you just listen to literally the speaker who went before you who was just trashing the LGBTQ plus community? And then it's like, all right, and now our main speaker is Trump and the other main speaker is Trump, and the other main speaker is Trump. And the other main speaker is Donald Trump's other kid. And the other speaker is Donald Trump's daughter-in-Law.


And so that was that over and over again. And, and, and Ben. And then you have like NBC and these channels being like, what are you riveting speech by Hulk Hogan. Wow. He really brought, you're like, okay guys, sorry. Like what, what is happening here? You know what? And on the other hand, keep talking because that's why people are coming and watching the, the D NNC today on the Midas Touch network. That's why they're watching Adam LERs live coverage. That's why people right now have three streams pulled open with the show and our various coverage. It's just, I it's just unfathomable. Stop treating this like it is a normal moment. I just cannot understand what is happening. You know, I wanted to show, I wanna get, get to these Tim Walls clips and show the contrast with JD Vance, but I also wanna show this moment that happened earlier with JD Vance.


So he went to Pat's cheese steaks in, in Philly and like he couldn't even do that correctly. He went there and he complained to the staff at Pat's that they didn't have Swiss cheese, which you can ask people from Philly that's apparently like a cardinal sin to ask why they don't have Swiss cheese for their cheese steaks. It's, it reminds me of that Dr. Oz moment when he got the name wrong for Wegmans and called it Wegner or or whatever the heck he called it. And it, it just one of these other things that show the inauthenticity. And you know, him being out of touch and just trying way, way, way, way, way too hard.


Where were we with these walls clips? I don't wanna repeat, but there are a lot of amazing, no, we showed the one at high school, but here's Governor Walls. He just continues to be very, very good at this. Just watch this speech. And again, to me, I I on go back and watch Midas lives from four years ago or three years ago when we first started, this looks, this sounds like a, this sounds like a like a brother Rand right here, here li listen to this play the clip Go. That's what people know. And we, some of us who have less hair and are old enough can remember when you could go to Thanksgiving, watch a Steeler's game with your relatives and not complain about politics the whole time, not be on each other's net because you shared a commitment to democracy, a commitment to personal freedoms, a commitment to public education, a commitment to infrastructure.


We don't call each other names, we don't do it. And we don't use the leach fortune amongst us as punchlines for our jokes because they're our neighbors. They're our neighbors. And so you're getting an opportunity to see the best side of American for the young people here. They maybe haven't seen a campaign like this because of Covid, because of things that's happening. This is a chance to bring out that joy, turn the page and look to the future. This idea of going forward. So Per pitch, perfect I mean, and the message to me transcends politics. And it's why we've always said here at the Midas Touch network, this is a pro democracy community.


And why we've really not leaned into any more like, oh, you're this side or that side. Because at the end of the day, as I always said, I feel like I'm far more conservative than these mags who call themselves conserv. I believe in conserving our institutions. I believe on improving them. But I don't think they're conserv. There's nothing conservative at all unless they're conserving a monarchy, right? Unless they're trying to conserve the confederacy. Because that must be, that must be what it really means when they say conservative. 'cause it ain't conserving the demo. The democratic values, small D democracy values entrenched in our constitution. But anyway, here's Governor Walls speaking in a packed house in Nebraska.


It's where he grew up and he talked about Nebraska slogan, and I love how he tied it into Trump and JD Vance's inauthenticity play this clip. Now look, we're positive, but I think we all know Donald Trump sees the world a little differently. You think he would understand the importance of car hinge as a historical relic? That the British made a replica of it out of stone. It's so important. So just so we know, or do you think he would know the joy of tubing and swimming the rera as we do?


And this one's for the gray hairs in this room. You think that guy could understand the pure joy of pre-game and its sidetracks before a Husker sooner game? All I can say about that too is I'm glad there weren't video cameras around at the time. So we've been there. Look in Nebraska, you got a slogan here, Nebraska, it's not for everyone. It's not, well it sure ain't for Donald Trump, I'll tell you that. And then he continues with that message about JD Vance. Do you think JD Vance knows one damn thing about Nebraska or play this clip And this idea about knowing us?


Let me ask you something on this. Do you think JD Vance knows one damn thing about Nebraska? No. He's gonna be here next week. You think he's ever had aza? You think he's ever had aza? That guy would call it a hot pocket. You know it. Every one of you in here know it. And then JD Vance proved him. Correct? By going to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Philly and asking for Swiss cheese on a Philly cheese steak, JD Vance will go around to each state or commonwealth and and just behave this way. This is exactly how he will behave because they're inauthentic. And yes, that message was geared to a Nebraska audience, but that has broader appeal.


That's why at the top of the show, you're seeing people in Arizona supporting vice President, Kamala, Harris and Governor Walls. We're seeing the mayor of Mesa, Arizona, 36 largest city in the United States, one of the most conservative, I had a legal case in Mesa when I was practicing law back in the day. I can tell you how conservative of a city Mesa is and how conservative their mayor is in Mesa. And he goes, look, I'm putting, I'm putting country over party and I'm supporting vice President, Kamala Harris. You see the message resonating in North Carolina, for example, even in Florida, I did a video earlier in the day about the villages known for being pretty conservative, rallying for vice President, Kamala Harris.


That it's that that race right now in Florida is within the margin of error. And you have a marijuana referendum and a woman's reproductive rights referendum on the ballot there as well. Watch Florida watch North Carolina, vice President. Kamala Harris is expanding the map, and Donald Trump's just well behaving the way we showed you at the outset. And then for all of these MAGA people or corporate media that want to go ahead with like this narrative, oh, well, she's not answering questions. She basically answers questions at every single stop that she goes to. She does the same routine. She goes, what you got for me? That's how she says. She goes, what you got for me? And then they ask her questions, and they're usually about Donald Trump.


Like they very rarely ask her a good question, but then, so she answers the questions and then she, she answers them in detail and then she walks away. She answers all of the questions. Sorry, she's not talking about Hannibal Lecter or like, oh, you know, he looks like this and I look like this. You know, he's having normal answers here. Like, I'll just show you this clip right here. When she talks about home ownership in America, play this clip right here. You Unveiled your some economic policies Last week. Yeah. Can You explain how you're gonna pay for those? And can you give us a sense of what other policies you wanna unveil going Forward? Sure. Well, I mean you just look at it in terms of what we are talking about, for example, around children and the child tax credit and extending the EITC, that is, it's at $6,000 for the first year of a child's life.


The return on that investment in terms of what that will do and what it will pay for will be tremendous. We've seen it, when we did it the first year of our administration reduced, we reduced top poverty by over 50%. So that's a lot of the work. And then what we're doing in terms of the tax credits, we know that there's a great return on that investment when we increase home ownership in America. What that means in terms of increasing the tax base, not to mention property tax base, what that does to fund schools, again, return on investment. I think it's a mistake for any person who talks about public policy to not critically evaluate how you measure the return on investment when you are strengthening neighborhoods, strengthening communities, and in particularly the economy of those communities and investing in a broad-based economy.


Everybody benefits and it pays for itself in that way. Powerful, powerful stuff right there. And she's just answering the questions. You know, I don't want to hear about Hannibal Lector. I don't want to hear about Sharks and electrocution by sharks, and I don't need to hear someone whining about the Time magazine cover and just, no, I, I, I want, nor I want and crave normalcy. Brett, I'll let you give your last message of the show. Yeah. And like, stop buying this. This is my message to the media. Like, stop buying this whole notion that when Donald Trump says I'm doing a press conference, that these are actually press conferences. He's inviting media that he wants to be there and is excluding people.


He doesn't want to be there. That last thing that he did with the Folgers cans and, and the meat that was just sitting out there in the sun was just weird and a disaster. And he was rambling. And when he actually turned it over to questions, the people who questioned him were like, how did it feel that God saved your life on that faithful day? Like those were the questions that he got. That's not a real press conference, but Kamala Harris going out there taking questions in every city, having the press with her everywhere she goes, that's actually answering questions. And she should get credit for that. And she's answering them in a good way. She gave more policy detail in that one answer than Donald Drum, I think has given ever combined.


And so I think we're seeing right now the policy platform of Kamala Harris solidify and, and be announced and, and get out there. And it's one that, you know, and I think it's about uplifting people. You know, while Donald Trump is about making the rich richer, hers is about helping. How can we help the middle class? How can we help the less fortunate in our country? I think that's a stark contrast. We have exciting momentum with the Democratic National Convention happening right now. Excited to see President Biden speak, excited to see everything that happens at this convention. And you'll be following in every step of the way with us right here on the Midas Touch Network. We're gonna be going live every day. Like we said, we have all of our various creators, contributors that you know and love.


They are there in Chicago on the ground. Make sure you subscribe by the way to Adam Achler, who is taking you behind the scenes throughout the whole day of the coverage, doing an incredible, incredible job. Shout out to him. Shout out to our entire staff here, Adam Salton, our incredible producer who has made all these incredible graphics and put this on. Shout out to Sydney, to Jeremy, to Hayden, to our entire editorial staff.


Oh, you might wanna check this out too, at store dot Midas Touch dot com. We got our pro democracy wristbands, which you could get and you could pass 'em out at the various events and rallies and anything that you attend, they're super fun. We got the, we are Not Going back, and the Kamala Wristbands available at store dot Midas Touch dot com. Those are selling fast. Make sure you get them before we run out.


And thank you for once again, trusting us with this live coverage of well on the podcast and with the Democratic National Convention. We are all a part of history here together. All gas, no breaks. Let's keep it moving. Let's keep moving to save our Democracy. Thank you. From the bottom of our hearts. Day one, democratic National Convention. Your new destination for all things pro-Democracy News is the Midas Touch Network. Shout out to everyone involved in making this a possibility.


If you wanna support the growth of this independent media platform, go to patreon.com/ Midas Touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/ Midas Touch. Make sure you spell Midas Touch correctly, P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/m E-I-D-A-S-T-O-U-C-H.


Brett said store dot Midas Touch dot com. Check that out. Let's get to 3 million subscribers this week. I want to hit 3 million this week. Thank you, Midas Mighty. None of this is possible without you. We're grateful for you. Let's keep on growing this thing together and let's support, protect, defend our democracy. Shout out to the Midas mighty the


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network. The film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premiers in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to Against All Enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch Against All Enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks, Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.