
As Donald Trump has been absolutely sinking in the polls since his disastrous debate performance. He's now pivoting and blaming the Democrats right now for another assassination attempt at Mar-a-Lago. He's saying it's the Democrat's fault. There appears to be a concerted effort right now by Trump and MAGA to try to blame the Democrats to stop the attacks on Donald Trump. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is using the incident at Mar-a-Lago to fundraise. He sent out multiple fundraising emails, at least three multiple text messages, trying to raise money off of these incidents.


He's also selling multiple different sneakers and high tops on a website of his regarding the assassination attempts, assassination edition shoes that he's selling anywhere from $299 to about $500. Let me just show you what he is posting this morning and what he is emailing. So you can see for yourself. This is what he writes. He blames his legal woes and the presidential debate for the assassination attempt against him. He just wrote, the rhetoric lies as exemplified by the false statements made by comrade Kamala Harris during the rigged and highly partisan a BC debate and all of the ridiculous lawsuits specifically designed to inflict damage on Joe's.


Then Kamala's political opponent, me has taken politics in our country to a whole new level of hatred, abuse, and distrust because of this communist left rhetoric. The bullets are flying and it will only get worse. By the way, that's a threat that he is making against the pro-democracy community. I, I just want to pause right there and remind you that in Butler, Pennsylvania, the shooter's family were Trump supporters. The shooter was a, by all accounts, a MAGA person. The shooter was a weapons of war fanatic who followed the same types of propaganda stuff that Donald, Trump spewed.


And then in Mar-a-Lago, the individual was a Vivek Ramis Swami Tulsi Gabbard fan who voted for Donald Trump in 2016. I just want to make sure that we're tethered to the facts here. Then Donald Trump goes on to say, again, because of this communist left rhetoric, bullets are flying. He goes on to institute, he goes on to say, allowing millions of people from places unknown to invade and take over our country is an unpardonable sin. Our borders must be closed and the terrorist criminals and mentally insane immediately a move from American cities deported back to their countries of origin. And he puts this all in caps like a madman.


We want people to come into our country, but they must love our nation and come in legally and through a system of merit. We pause here for a second because the Haitian migrants who are living in Springfield, Ohio, who you're now responsible for causing terroristic threats to be made against them by lying, are here lawfully. You've went and said that you want to deport them to Venezuela. You want to take the Haitians and send them to Venezuela, the patients who are here lawfully, and you've now caused threats against elementary schools, hospitals, and city hall while the mayor and Republican governor of Ohio said that you're just absolutely lying.


And your VPs from Ohio targeting his own state, it goes on to say, the world is laughing at us fools. W wah wah, wow. They won't laugh any longer. The world is laughing at you. And just so you see that, it's a concerted effort as well here to try to stop the criticism of Donald Trump saying that he hates Taylor Swift or Donald Trump's relationship with the far right extremist Laura Loomer or Donald Trump saying that Haitians are eating dogs and cats, or the fact that Donald Trump was absolutely embarrassed. Don Jr. Posts, you know, what's getting really old, having to have conversations with my five young children about radical leftists trying to kill their grandfather.


Well, maybe the harder conversation is why you were with another woman other than Kimberly Gilfoyle, and then why a lot of other people said that while you were with their mom in your first marriage, that you were pretty much following in your father's footsteps. But anyway, that's a whole other discussion. But far left radicals aren't trying to kill him. Let's be very clear again, the pe, the person at Butler and the person in Mar-a-Lago, were not far left radicals. And by the way, you are the one causing terroristic threats, aren't you? Don Jr the one who posted this on Halloween, got my Paul Pelosi Halloween costume ready with a hammer and an underwear spreading, a deranged conspiracy that the individual who tried to kill Nancy Pelosi's husband was involved in a homosexual relationship with him and then mocking the fact that Nancy Pelosi's husband was almost murdered by a maga.


Crazy. How about that? 'cause let me show you right here what Donald Trump's been saying in his various traveling fascist circus events that he calls rallies play this clip, We had no terror during my administration. The only terror we had was Nancy Pelosi, who's a crazed lunatic. She's a lunatic. She is a crazed lunatic. What the hell was going on with her husband? Let's not ask. Let's not ask. I'll withdraw that statement. By the way, she's got a wall around her house. Obviously in that case it didn't work very well, did it? It didn't work. And he says that all. I'll show you what he said 10 days ago.


That was a few months back. Let me show you the one he said 10 days ago. Play this clip. Well force anarchy on the American people while they, they live in safety in many cases behind walls. You know that Nancy Pelosi is a big wall wrapped around her house. Of course, it didn't help too much with the problem she had did it, but she had a big wall, a big wall wrapped around her house, but then she says, we don't want to, you have no idea what it, And here, as Aaron Rupert says, this clip right here from Fox earlier in the day really gives the game away. Republicans simply want Democrats to stop campaigning against Trump because accurately calling him out for what he threatens to do to this country supposedly endangers him.


Here, play this clip That is just the rhetoric. And you know, people are, people are at each other's throats. Do you see that as a contributing factor in Butler, which you've already looked at? Absolutely. The rhetoric is every day, all day. And as it's directed against President Trump, it's saying that he's a threat to democracy, that he's gonna destroy America. It's absolutely absurd and it is irresponsible. And Democrats and people who are speaking in these terms about President Trump need to take responsibility and really think about the consequence of using that kind of of language, right?


Because here we are again. And so in the days immediately after Butler, we heard people accept that that needed to stop, but it didn't last, right? And that today is a day that that needs to be taken seriously, It lasted about a day and a half. Congresswoman Thank you very much for joining us live.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies, and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle made of my bedding using Silver Infuse fabrics inspired by NASA. Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands, and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


And here on Fox's representative Greg St. Stuby. And here he says that Democrats are responsible for what's taking place. And again, what they are trying to do here is to stop the criticisms of Donald Trump's behavior by using things that have nothing to do with Democrats against it. Play this clip. Do you blame Congressman? The constant drumbeat from the left that Trump is a threat to democracy for yesterday's attempt and yet another attempt on his life 100% after January 6th, Nancy Pelosi called all of us Republican members of Congress domestic terrorists. Those words are impactful to people that are looking to do harm to people.


So we've been called domestic terrorists. They're repeated, repeated calls that Trump is a threat to democracy, which is actually the left I mean. Kamala Harris isn't had a single person vote for her for president, and she's the nominee. I mean that if there's not a a more threat to democracy, it's that she was picked behind closed doors in a Democratic convention and then she's the person that they put out with a not a single person voting for her. And what is Donald Trump continuing to post while we've been covering it here on the Midas Touch Network Trump just posted an article from the Gateway pundit reacting to Ben Stiller's support of Vice President Kamala Harris, which said that Jews who vote for her are very dumb and are the equivalent of suicide bombers.


That's the rhetoric that Donald Trump is using today, saying Jews who support Vice President Kamala Harris are just like suicide bombers because vice President Kamala Harris wants to turn America into Nazi Germany. That's the language coming from Donald Trump. Here's the article that he posted just so you can see it. And you know who hit the nail on the head spot on? Last week it was George Conway, who by the way, runs a great pack called the Antis Psychopath Pack. But George Conway said, Trump's dick is just getting old here, play this clip. Well, he is reaching his final, you know, his final destination, which is complete decomposition decompensation.


He's, he, he doesn't, none of his tricks are working anymore. We're onto them. They don't excite anybody anymore. He's losing in the polls. He can't, he can't. He has to try to make things up in his own vice presidential candidate on another network today, basically. So we are making up stories and order to win this election. And you know, he, it's not working for him and he knows it, and he knows he is going down. And the more he feels that he's going down, remember he's running not just for president, he's running from prison. You're gonna see him engage in more and more desperate behavior. And that's what you see with, I hate Taylor Swift, is he's just lashing out. And you know, he had his people have lost control over him, and the only person who seems to have any control over him is the person who's telling him or whispering in his ear doing something to tell him that everything's great.


You're amazing. And that's Laura Loomer. And that's where this he's, he's, this is the ultimate implosion and we're watching it live and it's gonna get worse. The Miami Heat Basketball team released a statement in support of the Haitian community. The Miami Heat staff, like Miami itself is a diverse and brilliant mix of vibrant cultures, including many members of the Haitian community. The false narrative surrounding them is hurtful and offensive and has sadly made innocent people targets of hateful speech and physical threats our Haitian employees, fans, and friends deserve better is a statement coming out from the Miami Heat. Also, you take a look at this recent poll by Financial Times, who does a better job representing the interest of middle class Harris plus 13 small businesses, Harris plus 11 union workers Harris plus 10 blue collar workers, Harris plus seven large corporations, Trump plus 44 wealthy people, Trump plus 48 right there.


And then you look at the latest A B, C Ipsos poll and favorability Harris's favorability, 47%, that's a net plus three. Donald Trump's Unfavorability is 58%. That's a net negative 23. So there you have all the data folks. We'll keep you posted as we learn more here on the Midas. Touch Network, real Quick meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.