
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies. While MeUndies can't totally help your love life this Valentine's Day, they can offer you insanely comfy undies and loungewear to buy or gift. MeUndies has so many awesome Valentine's Day prints and styles. Plus you can match with your partner friends, or even your pets. This Valentine's Day give the gift that'll keep them thinking of you and score huge sitewide savings at meundies.com/spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. MeUndies comfort from the outside in.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in. Bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Superbowl 59 must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas, an affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 Support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text HOPE NY in New York,


16 Nobel Prize winning economists are predicting that a Trump victory would set off what they call an inflation bomb. They say it would cause lasting harm to the global economy. Let's, That video was from June of 2024, so I'm shocked. I'm shocked. I tell you that now Trump voters are learning that they are screwed. That these tariffs that Donald Trump's imposing on Mexico and Canada and Europe and Asia and basically everywhere. When Donald Trump gets bad, he imposes a tariff. And guess what? It's an economy killer. It's causing prices in the United States to skyrocket. Once again, it's inflationary. You know why?


Because tariffs are inherently inflationary. They are a tax on United States corporations that are importing things, and they pass on the cost to consumers by increasing their prices. Also, it results in retaliatory tariffs by foreign countries making the overall economic situation very, very grim. You didn't have to be a Nobel economist to see this coming, but 16 Nobel economists during the election did say that Trump would cause a quote, inflation bomb. But I guess corporate media told us that we weren't supposed to listen to experts.


And I guess the magar Republicans have made experts like a, a curse word to even say the experts feel a certain way. So for whatever reason, voters didn't listen to them. Trump voters were like, that ain't gonna happen. We're gonna, let's tariff them and let's tariff them. Well, the inflation bomb has now come to our shores like a miracle. It ain't going away. And just take a look right here. If you could even get some groceries Right now. 'cause if you're going to grocery stores and you're trying to get eggs, to the extent you can even find them, the prices have reached all time highs. Gas prices are going up, coffee prices are going up, reaching an all time high.


We're seeing the automobile industry tank down massive amounts on Friday after Trump said, Nope. These tariffs are definitely coming. And when you just listen to some of these Trump voters and they're all on their conservative message boards trying to scramble and figure this out, and people are like F the F word. I hope they get the deal worked out with Canada and Mexico. This is gonna wreak havoc on everything. Hold onto your butts, everyone, this is gonna be bad. Why? Tariffs are now taxing our tariff. Tariffs are taxes on Americans. This isn't what I vote for. This is what you voted for.


We kept on saying it over and over again when Donald Trump said America is at its wealthiest in the 18 hundreds. We need to go back to 1870. I was telling you, we're not at our wealthiest back then. By the way, Trump is still saying that now, that, that, that's when we were at our wealthiest here play this clip. Money our country was at, its at its richest. From, from 1870 to 1913, we had the most. That was when we were the richest, relatively speaking, we were the richest during that period of time. That was tariffs from other countries.


When your car breaks down, you take it to a mechanic with no hesitation. You need it. And it's not something that most guys can fix themselves, and men should think the exact same way about ed. But the reality is you might be hesitant to seek help. Thankfully through hys, you can get access to personalized ed treatments without stepping outside your door. HIMSS is changing men's healthcare by providing you with access to affordable sexual health treatments from the comfort of your couch. HIMSS provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments like Chewable Hard and Viagra and Cialis, and their generics for up to 95% cheaper. The process is 100% online, so there's no need for uncomfortable doctor's visits. Just answer a series of questions on their site, and a medical provider will determine the right treatment option if prescribed. Your medication ships directly to you for free. No insurance is needed, and one low price covers everything from treatments to ongoing care with hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. HIMSS can help you find the ED option that works for you. Start your free online visit today at hims.com/midas. That's h ims.com/midas for your personalized ed treatment options, hims.com/midas. The products mentioned are chewable compounded products which are not covered by or verified for safety or effectiveness by the FDA prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider who will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information. Subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


Oh, You got people saying things like this. You've changed Donald f you. It's from some of the Trump voters. You have another Trump voter saying, you know, I like the Don, but I'm starting to get a bit worried about him. He's starting to act more like a dictator than a leader. Why does he think that threatening everybody's going to work? Is it just the America way or is he power tripping? I hope not because he's actually in a unique position to do some good, not only in the US but the world. He's not going to do good. Do, do. We realize what's happened over the past two weeks. America objectively has never been weaker. We've lost essentially all of our alliances.


Our adversaries are in a stronger position than ever. Prices are not going down here. Our federal government is a mess. There were two plane crashes this past week. One, taking the live of 67 people as the tower control, didn't have the appropriate staff as the head of the FAA was pushed out and constructively discharged, meaning essentially fired as Trump's gutted, all the key safety committees as Donald Trump has utterly destroyed the federal government. And now there's just complete and total chaos within the government as there was like a, and still is.


Just no one knows what's even happening. Is there a government freeze? What types of government aid can people access or not? It's like the worst situation possible, and the only people who are loving this are the oligarchs. The oligarchs. They're loving this Right now. You're seeing headlines like this. Trump tariffs stoke us food inflation despite pledge to lower costs. Y'all, y'all are still doing this. Reuters, you're still printing. The, the pledge was to lower costs. Do Donald Trump lies about everything. His pledge was a lie. He said that he was going to bring down costs on day one. He said, remember that?


Let me play this for you. He said, day one, play the clip. Starting on day one of my new administration, we will end inflation and we will make America affordable again because the prices are too high. The prices are too high. Well, now, and we, we warned you, we said, no, that wasn't gonna happen. Business shoppers brace for higher prices, NPR oil ticks up after hours on tariffs, egg prices shoot up even more. Oh, by the way, there's Elon Musk dancing in his warrior out, but the billionaires, the oligarchs, they think this is one big joke, is we, the people suffer. Do you feel, let me ask you this, do you feel safe Right now?


Do you feel in Trump's America for real? Like, do you feel safe? Like would you wanna, I mean, I'm, I'm putting this in the comments. Would you want to get on an airplane Right now in Trump's America? IIII, I hate to say this, but like he's broken the government, I mean, these are key positions. Donald Trump has caused a crash in the American auto industry with tariffs on Mexico and Canada. This is what the media was saying though, for a brief second. The media was like, we're so back. We're back. We've got the access that we want. But by the end of these press conferences, the media is saying, WTF, about 63% of all of our vegetables come from Mexico.


When we look at fruits and nuts, about 50% come from there. If we look at Canada, most of the meat that we consume comes from Canada as well. A study this month by Warwick McGibbon and Marcus Nolan of the Peterson Institute for International Economics concluded that the 25% on Canada and Mexico tariffs and the 10% on China would damage everybody's economies involved. Consumers can now expect to see price increases on everything, avocados, berries, tequila, beer, cooking, oil, meat, and meat products, and consumers should brace for higher prices at the pump. By the way, are there gonna be more plane crashes? Well, ever.


In one week, we're seeing two plane crashes into a, you know, with the United States military Black Hawk copter, by the way, that's under Pete. He's line of command. Could you I was gonna say, can you imagine if Biden was in office? But you get the point. By the way, the firefighters in Utah, they, they showed up to the Utah Senate as the, as they're their Republican Senate, voted to take away their collective bargaining rights. The National Labor Relations Board has been gutted by Donald Trump. So all those unions who voted for Donald Trump on union workers, the, the head of the Teamsters, Sean O'Brien, who's been like kissing Trump's ask, excuse my language, I'm screwed over his rank and file.


The National Labor Relations Board is gutted. Unions won't be able to be recognized. Grievances won't be heard ever. You know, Trump's using the FCC to destroy media that he doesn't like that. The FCC regulates also the Federal Agents Union that represents the FBI agents. They're pissed because Trump's fired any FBI agent who was involved in a January 6th case, and this is after the FBI Agent Union supported, or, or said very nice things about all of Trump's new acting FBI heads, who then turned around and fired them all.


And we're just hearing these stories about leopard eating faces f around, find out. All along, all over, here's another one here. My cousin got let go. And now my family is mad because I voted for it to happen. My cousin works at the VA as a specialized doctor, and today got the letter to resign and get her pay through September. Because of this, I became an immediate target by my family because I voted for this to happen. I mean, you know, as I, as I'm watching all these people who are voting against their own interest over and over again, they screwed themselves. They screwed everybody else in this country, and these tariffs are gonna hit everybody really, really hard. I mean, all, all Trump had to do was basically nothing.


Could have just played golf, took credit for Biden's economy, put it on autopilot. It was all he had to do. But he's a maniac. He's literally a psychotic human being effed around and found out. Unfortunately, all of us have to feel that pain too. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.