
When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


America's Psychopathic and Cognitively Aled President Donald Trump just posted the following on the morning President's Day. It's his mugshot, side by side with his official White House portrait. And then his President's Day message is quote, they're not after me, thereafter you, I'm just standing in the way. Happy President's Day. That's the official message from Donald Trump. On President's Day from the official White House account, it says, happy President's Day, Mr. President. He then wishes himself. Happy President's Day. Donald Trump then posts a photograph from the White House account, which shows that his mugshot is hanging on the wall right outside the Oval Office.


You see it right there, and I've showed you that in other photos. When world leaders and dignitaries now show up in the White House, they are reminded once again that there is a criminal and a felon residing in that Oval office. And Donald Trump wants to brag that he is a gangster, but he looks so utterly weak and utterly pathetic. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski writes. So the first day after a major storm disaster in Kentucky, Virginia, West Virginia, which was yesterday with fatalities and destruction across multiple states. What did Donald Trump do? He went to a car race in Florida and had his motorcade go around in circles on the track.


We are now in the second day after that major disaster with fatalities. Trump is playing golf in Florida. He's made dozens of posts about himself this morning and yesterday. During all of this time, while he's vacationing and not one word about the disaster, but he is sending emails like this to his supporters. I have a present for Ben, So if you are on Donald Trump's email list, you got that message. I subscribe so you don't have to. And here's what it says, present from Trump, just release. This is my inaugural swearing info signed, and I only signed a few of these.


So this present is only going to a few of my most loyal supporters and that's you. I can only hold on to your sign swearing in photo until midnight. So please claim yours ASAP before someone else grabs the one I have on hold for you. Just take a look at some other news that Donald Trump received this morning. Donald Trump learned that there was some major trouble in his polling numbers, which are going down, down, down. Are voters feeling exhausted after just three weeks of Trump 2.0? The answer seems to be absolutely yes. And a new economist u gov poll, Donald Trump has a 46% approval rating while 48% of those poll polled disapprove of the job that he is doing, and he is losing younger American support.


Very quickly, two weeks ago, 50% of adults under 30 had a favorable opinion while 46% had an unfavorable opinion. Today, only 39% have a favorable opinion and 57% have an unfavorable opinion right there. And you may be going, Hey, that's still pretty high though after all of the disaster that he has caused. And I would say I absolutely agree with you, although this is the honeymoon phase in America. After you win, your approval should be super high. I mean, Biden's was in the high sixties. Obama's was in the mid to high seventies. Go back to Clinton, George W. Bush, go back to Obama, go back to, you know, go back to anyone in recent history other than the first Trump administration.


And you're supposed to be super high approval ratings at this stage because why? Because while Donald Trump is doing laps in declaring victory while circling at the NASCAR track, he is not lowering the prices and he's basically given up on that prices are going up, housing is less affordable, egg prices have never been higher. Gas prices are going up. There's chaos and havoc in the international front. Donald Trump has cut out Europe and Ukraine from negotiations with Russia and Donald Trump, even though he said he was gonna bring Zelinsky and Putin into a room and they were gonna cut a deal in 24 hours. That didn't happen.


And now Donald Trump's falling right into the trap of Vladimir Putin and Putin's foreign administer Serge Lavrov. And so Trump's having Rubio negotiate directly tomorrow with Lavrov, with cutting Europe out. Europe meanwhile is having an emergency meeting today in France. Even ke starer from the UK is going to be there. And Europe's talking about a common defense plan in response to Donald Trump. Just remember Donald Trump said that when, when he said when he wins, he will immediately bring down the prices. Starting day one here, Play this clip. So When I win, I will immediately bring prices down starting on day one. We will end kamala's war on American energy and we will drill, baby drill.


We're gonna drill Well. That was a lie. And here Donald Trump said on day one, he would have peace in Ukraine. I just wanna bring out the receipts for you right now here. Play this clip. Could end The war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes I do. How would you do that? I know Zelinsky very well. I I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that Long.


February is the month of love. But why let romance stop after Valentine's Day? Whether you're looking to turn up the heat in the bedroom or just unwind and enjoy the moment Via has you covered their bestselling high love gummy is a game changer, A blend of pleasure enhancing cannabinoids, libido, boosting herbs, and a medium dose of THC to awaken your senses, increase blood flow and intensify any experience. And now via has dropped their high love bundle, pairing the gummies with A-T-H-C-A vape so you could unlock the full experience at an unbeatable price. I've tried V'S. Products and they truly stand out. They have these dreams, sleep gummies that always help me unwind after a crazy day and after covering all the chaos in the world every single day, trust me, it helps a ton. Their hemp is sourced from independently owned American farms. Their formulas are vegan and organic. And Whether you're looking to relax, sleep better or enhance your mood, they have something for you. Plus they ship legally and discreetly to almost every US state. No medical card required. If you're 21 or over, check out the link to Via in our description and use code Midas for 15% off. And if you're new to aya, you'll even get a free gift of your choice. After you order, let them know we sent you this month of love. Elevate your love life with Via,


But know what's Donald Trump doing instead? He's just making posts about himself over and over again. Donald Trump posts all this like propaganda stuff from like wacko right wing media like this. And this is the actual headline that he's reposting after just 17 frenetic days. Trump has already delivered a big part of his agenda after 17 frenetic days. He's already delivered. First off, it's more than 17 days. That's what I say this guy's cognitively ad on. It's been, it's been more than 17 days. So he's reposting this article that he delivered his agenda.


What agenda? What agenda to raise the prices to make the world less stable and to be PE and to be Putin's. You know what? But folks, it's okay. 'cause Donald Trump's picked to be the next FBI director is posting on Trump's social media platform right underneath Donald Trump's post cash Patel, Trump's pick to be the FBI director. He's selling right here. Clover and Kennedy t-shirts based, he's selling based T-shirts, the based apparel brand being sold by Cash Patel, Donald Trump, then reposts, Javier Malay, the leader of Argentina, where they have about a 54% poverty rate. Let me repeat that.


54% poverty rate, which I assume Donald Trump wants for the United States. And here's what Malay says. If printing money would end poverty, printing diplomas would end stupidity. I mean, all I know is that you have a 54% poverty rate right there right now in Argentina, and I do not want a 54% poverty rate in the United States. I don't know. I preferred when President Biden was creating 16.4 million jobs, having the lowest unemployment in American history. Never a single month where jobs were lost bringing Inflation under control better than any nation essentially in the entire world. 40,000 infrastructure projects going up, bringing the semiconductor industry here, having things like the PACT Act that actually helped veterans, unlike Donald Trump who's taking away veteran services and even limiting services like the hotline where the crisis hotline for veterans and and other veteran services.


By the way, he's cutting them in red states and blue states veteran services. And here's what we learned as well. The Trump administration was firing several hundred FAA probationary employees who maintain critical air traffic control infrastructure according to their union. The move comes not even three weeks since the deadly mid-air collision over Washington dc I feel like there's been a plane crash now like every week or every other week. But folks, even as they are firing some of the most competent and qualified people from the FAA and it's hard to retain employees, don't worry, because the Secretary of Transportation, Sean Duffy, he's got a plan.


He says he goes, America deserves safe state-of-the-art travel. And President Trump has ordered that I deliver a new world class air traffic control system that will be the envy of the world. To do that, I need advice from the brightest minds in America. I'm asking for help from any high tech American developer or company that is willing to give back to our country Tomorrow. Members of Elon Musk's Space X team will be visiting the air traffic control system command center in VA to get a firsthand look at the current systems. So he's inviting Elon and then he's just sending out what a mass notice to everybody.


Meanwhile, Donald Trump at Daytona using his grandkids as props as I wrote, new fascism hack, unlock kids and grandkids as props to which I was reminded. That's an old fascism hack right there. Oh, Donald Trump selling or people selling it as name, image, and likeness. Whiskey glasses, Patriots for America. Get your Trump whiskey glasses now. Donald Trump emailing the following. Elon Musk is dark. Maga Elon Musk is dark Maga Ben, are you ready to join him? And are you ready to go? Dark Maga, I've been flooded with requests for my dark MAGA hat ever since Elon War one on stage. Now even he decided to wear it when he came to visit me in the Oval Office.


We'll keep you posted with more. As, as I said earlier, Sergey Lavrov and Marco Rubio are set to meet tomorrow separately. Europe's holding that emergency meeting in Paris today amid concerns that they're being frozen out of the deal. Sergey Lavrov, Russians foreign minister says he sees no role for Europe at the table adding that there will be no talk with Marco Rubio about any territorial concessions to Ukraine. In other words, let's be clear, giving Ukraine, it's a land back around 20% of which is controlled by Russian forces. So what seems to be taking place in Saudi Arabia tomorrow is exactly what Donald Trump did with Mike Pompeo and the Taliban, but at a grander scale.


Remember, Trump and the Taliban negotiated directly. They cut out the Afghan government. Trump had the Taliban prisoners released. Afghan government got nothing. Taliban took over Afghanistan and then Trump left the entire place in chaos, which was, by the way, a big win for Russia. Donald Trump wants to cut Europe and Ukraine out of the negotiations with Putin, and he wants to give Putin basically everything. So we'll keep you posted every step of the way here, but I wanted to give you all of those facts. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers and thank you for we're at 4 million. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thank you for helping us get to 4 million.


Let's get to five. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.