
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms Apply


Ladies, you'll end up shopping for your guy's deodorant, right? So try degrees original. Cool rush you eat. Last year, degree changed the formula and men were mad. One guy even started a petition, so degree admitted they messed up and brought the original cool Rush scent back. It's clean, crisp, and actually smells like someone you wanna cuddle. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So toss one in your cart and find out why it's the best selling men's antiperspirant for the last decade degree. Cool. Rush is back and it smells like victory.


This episode is brought to you by ri. Give the active people in your life something they'll truly appreciate. Performance apparel from ri, whether they're into running, surfing, hiking, or even just casual walks around the block, there's something for everyone. And if you're not sure what to gift them, you can't go wrong with something. From VU i's Dream knit Collection. It's the perfect gift and so comfortable. Get 20% off your first purchase today at VUI VUOR i.com/spotify.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, it's Tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%. Vans down 1.7 Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's. Worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Ah, tracking. Always know your car's worth with Carvana Value Tracker.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


Donald Trump just woke up to some disastrous news. He is plummeting even further in the polls and across all major demographics. He's plummeting. The latest Reuters Ipsos poll has him down two additional percentage points. His approval has fallen to 42%. But what's worse for him is when you start looking at demographics that were shifting towards him, the ages of 18 to 29. Rural voters moderates, college grads, independents, even people who consider themselves conservatives. He's dropped negative 14 among people who consider themselves conservative.


Negative 24 among the age group 18 to 29, where he was making some inroads. Young people hate this guy 'cause they realize he's ripping away their future rural voters are seeing how Donald Trump is harming them. And so while Donald Trump is pushing forward this disastrous budget bill that will rip away your Medicaid, we're now learning it's gonna potentially rip away your Medicare as well. Rip away snap benefits, rip away rental assistance and other programs to make housing affordable to pave the way for massive tax cuts. Trillions of dollars in tax cuts for Trump's billionaire buddies like what's Donald Trump doing right now?


While all of this is taking place, this is from his social media app, it did a push alert. So they think this is the biggest news story of the day from Donald Trump. So what he's doing this morning, watch Donald Trump trolls Bruce Springsteen in new video. And then you click on it and it goes to Donald Trump's official social media account where it's an AI video of himself golfing and hitting a golf ball into Bruce Springsteen who falls on stage. And this follows Donald Trump calling for the department of Just Department of Justice to investigate Kamala Harris, Beyonce, Bruce Springsteen, bono and Oprah we're getting more news as well.


And this is some more bad news for Donald Trump and he's reacting to it right now that the very far right wing, they call themselves the House Freedom Caucus. Their chair, Andy Harris is saying this about the budget bill. Now you'll recall that the Magar Republicans set a rules committee meeting at 1:00 AM this past night or in the morning, whatever you consider it, so that they could try to avoid the American people watching what they were doing. They literally set the hearing at 1:00 AM hoping nobody would notice as they started putting amendments into this horrible bill, like they gave tax exemptions for tanning beds while re, while removing hospital beds.


That's actually a provision in there. So they were doing all this shady stuff at 1:00 AM but here's what we're learning right now, that the House Freedom Caucus chair, MAGA Republican, Andy Harris, just went on Newsmax and said that there's no way these, this reconciliation Bill passes today. Quote, this bill actually got worse overnight. There is no way it passes today. We may need a couple of weeks to iron everything out, but it's not going anywhere today. He claims there was a deal just after midnight, but then it was pulled off the table and he doesn't like the salt cap state and local tax deduction cap quote. I think we're further away from a deal because that salt cap increase, I think, upset a lot of conservatives.


We'll get to the deal. We're just not at it today. So that statement was posted then moments later, breaking news after Donald Trump posted the video AI video of himself hitting a golf ball into Bruce Springsteen's head. Speaker MAGA Mike Johnson and House Freedom Caucus have now been summoned to the White House to meet with Donald Trump at 3:00 PM Eastern today. Trump is expected to tell the House Freedom Caucus members. I just read you their statement that the bill needs to pass today. It doesn't matter if they haven't read it, it doesn't matter that they put together these 1000 pages last night at 1:00 AM for the first time and no one even knows what the hell is in this thing other than the fact that we know that 13 million Americans are going to lose their healthcare and die because of this.


Like let's talk about the human toll. 13 million Americans are going to lose their healthcare and they could die because of this of of what's in this. Medicare is on the chopping blocks. Affordable healthcare is on the, is on the blocks, is on the chopping blocks, Medicaid is on the blocks. All of that right there is on the chopping blocks. Snap benefits is on the chopping blocks. Horrific, horrific stuff. Donald Trump has summoned the nagas to show up at the White House to get in line. Oh, by the way, it's gonna add at least $6 trillion to the deficit, which Donald Trump goes, no, no, I collected $7 trillion when I went to the Middle East.


They gave me 7 trillion. He's a fraud. He's a felon, he's a criminal, he's a liar. He didn't get $7 trillion, he didn't get any money. He's done zero deals in 90 days. Okay? Qatar doesn't have that amount of money. Their annual GDP is $200 billion. Where are they gonna give $1.2 trillion to him? The United Arab Emirates entire GDP is $400 billion. They don't have that type of money. Even though Donald Trump's impressed by their gold palaces, they don't have that kind of money. Meanwhile, while Donald Trump praises authoritarians in the Middle East, people who fund Hamas and who funded the nine 11 hijackers, what Donald Trump does do is he praises the European Union.


I mean he, he tank, he attacks the European Union while praising these Middle East countries. So let's take a look at what the European Union is doing. In response business travel bookings from Europe to the United States crashed by more than a quarter in April compared to the same month in 2024, a sign of the widening collapse of positive views of America under Donald Trump. Trump Tanks, EU business, travel to America. Large decreases in US bookings were recorded from companies in Germany, France, the uk, Canada, and Mexico. May, may I repeat that. 25% decrease in tourism from Europe and it's like double that amount or maybe even triple that amount from Canada.


Our tourism industry here in the United States is taking a massive blow in addition to all the other aspects of the economy that Donald Trump is destroying. So you go back to the beginning of this video, no wonder Donald Trump's approval is plummeting even among conservatives by 14 points of a decrease. And look, if you are in Europe, if you are in Canada, if you are elsewhere, you're looking at the sick and demented and twisted and cruel things that Trump regimes doing. I reported how the Trump regime took an individual of bur me a Burmese national and against a federal court order, sent a Burmese National to South Sudan and violated a court injunction.


And here you have Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security. This is, this is from Trump's rapid response. Their official account Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security rips Massachusetts Judge for trying to return violent criminal illegals deported to South Sudan. And this is so the way they did Abrego Garcia to the concentration camp in El Salvador. They're taking Burmese individuals and sending them to South Sudan, admitting that they're doing this against the court order without due process at all. This was on Fox Business moments ago. The host on Fox News asks Donald Trump's head of the National Economic Council, Kevin Hassett, what's going on with the trade deals?


You told us there were gonna be all of these deals, 90 deals in 90 days. Where, where are they? Where are the deals here play this clip. Where Do we stand on trade deals? The last we heard that we were getting close to 20 deals and we were promised that these deals would be announced soon. But why no announced deals yet? Well, the first, there's a lot going on in the world, as you know, and, and there's been a lot of focus over the last couple of days of the White House on getting the house bill through that, pretty much almost the whole White House team was up working with Speaker Johnson yesterday. As you know, the president was on the hill, but I was in the oval yesterday with Howard Lutnick and Jameson Greer going over some of the next steps.


And I'm highly confident that you'll see a a handful of of new deals over the next two weeks. And Lutnick and the president are still finalizing the details, but they're so close that I, I feel like you're we're very close to having some more announcements and there's probably a handful of near term announcements. It, it could,


alright, I'm just gonna say it. I didn't realize how bad my old mattress was until I got my Helix. I used to wake up with a sore back, hot as hell in the middle of the night tossing and turning. Then I finally made the switch to Helix Sleep Game Changer Helix matches you with the perfect mattress for you based on how you sleep. I took their quick quiz, got paired with the Helix, midnight lux. And ever since I've been sleeping cooler, deeper and away more comfortably, my Apple Watch Sleep Tracker. It literally shows a get this 20 to 30% increase in deep sleep. No joke. And I feel it during the day. I'm more alert, less cranky, ask my brothers. And I'm genuinely always excited to go to bed. Yeah, excited Right now is the best time to try it. Helix is running their Memorial Day sale. Just go to Helix sleep.com/ Midas Plus for 27% Off Sitewide plus a free bedding bundle. That's a sheet set and mattress protector with any luxe or elite mattress order. That's Helix sleep.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 27% off and a Free Bedding Bundle with any Luxe or Elite Mattress Order Helix sleep.com/midas.


And Let me be clear, there are zero deals in 90 days that are at least binding. The UK deal. Literally says this is not a deal. If you look at the document, this is not a binding deal is what it says. And all it did was give preferential treatment to Jaguar Land Rover and Rolls Royce over American car manufacturers. It wasn't an actual trade deal. What we did with China was not a deal. It was a capitulation. We caved, we took 145% tariffs and then we made those 145% tariffs, 30% tariffs. It was a total capitulation and cave to China. It's not a deal. It's a consensus that America lost that after Donald Trump said, oh, we're gonna get so rich from that.


This is from this morning as well. Maria Bar Roma asks MAGA Republican congress member Greg Murphy, why should we have wind and solar subsidies if it's not windy and sunny here, play this clip. I understand nuclear, go ahead. But what about wind and solar? I mean, should we really have wind and solar subsidies in this bill? What if it's, what if it's not windy? What if it's not sunny? Yeah, no, no. They're phasing them out. They're being phased out. But just for the sake of, you know, decency with the American country companies, we need to give them a glide path out. If you stop it today. Look, hundreds of thousands of jobs are lost before anything happens. I see. They are being phased out. They are being phased out.


Okay. And this was from moments ago as well where Democratic Congress member, Brendan Boyle, the ranking member of the budget committee basically said, y'all said there wasn't gonna be cuts to Medicare. We're looking at this thing that you gave us at 1:00 AM there are cuts to Medicare play this clip. Well, as you know, statutory pay go, which stands for pay as you go, is a law that requires tax cuts and spending increases to be offset. Meaning that they do not add to the deficit. If at the end of the year, congressional legislation collectively violates pego, those deficit effects trigger across the board cuts the programs like Medicare.


Does this bill trigger statutory pay go? Yes. And it's not me saying it, it is the Congressional budget Office confirming it as of a couple hours ago. And look, this is really the breaking news because when the budget committee kicked off this process approximately three months ago, there was a commitment by President Trump that there would be no Medicare cuts in this piece of legislation. And indeed, over the last several months, there's been no discussion of Medicare at all. There has been of Medicaid, but not of Medicare. Well, here we are tonight because as you explained, because of the size of the deficits, because of the PayGo or pay as you go act, that would trigger sequestration of Medicare and it would total over $500 billion.


The official figure that CBO confirms is 535 billion in cuts to Medicare. And, and, and this bill doesn't waive statutory pay Though. No, it does not. So, so this will have a direct impact on Medicare and the federal budget, which is, again, I, I, I, I think a lot of people who are, you know, who are not following this as closely as you are, probably are not aware of. And we'll be surprised to learn about tomorrow. Chairman Hill. And finally, democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries is, is here saying, look, MAGA Mike Johnson, let's debate. Let's debate this in public.


Let's go in front of the people and you can try to justify this. Not some 1:00 AM crap here, play this Clip. So thank you for providing this opportunity for us to have this discussion, but one person is missing. Speaker Mike Johnson. Over a month ago, I asked our distinguished colleague from Louisiana, the speaker of the house to debate any of us, but certainly myself on the house floor about this very bill. He believes it's one Big Beautiful Bill. We believe it's one big ugly bill that's gonna hurt the American people.


Hurt children, hurt families, hurt veterans, hurt seniors. Cut healthcare, cut nutritional assistance, explode the debt by a minimum of $3.8 trillion. This is being done by people who claim to be the stewards of fiscal responsibility. $3.8 trillion, if not more. And so the offer still stands. I'd love to have the opportunity to debate Speaker Johnson anytime, any place right here at the Rules committee or certainly on the floor of the House of Representative, not a dual, a debate of ideas.


Well, that's what's going on this morning, folks. We'll keep you posted throughout the day. We'll let you know what happens with that Trump meeting in the maga Republicans at the White House. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.