
For the fourth time in as many years Donald Trump demanded that the Magar Republicans shut down the government and crash our economy. And the Magar Republicans publicly said they were going to go along with that. Trump said, you gotta put this poison pill in. Something called a continuing resolution, which is needed to fund the government. The poison pill was something called a save act, which is supposed to Donald Trump said, stop illegal aliens from voting. Okay? Those people who are not here legally are not allowed to vote. But what this save act really did was try to disenfranchise millions of Americans right before the election.


We could do a whole video on the Save Act. But anyway, Trump says it needs the save act 'cause Trump's trying to disenfranchise voters, or we have to crash the economy right now. And Maga were like, we're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. Democrats said, you go, go for it Republican. See what happens to you in the election. You're already gonna get crushed. But go ahead. You wanna do that? We're gonna stand up for the American people and we're not going to allow you to put poison pills fund the government. That's our job. And the MAGA Republicans have capitulated. In a late night announcement last night on Sunday, we got word from MAGA Mike Johnson in a letter that they will now be passing what's called a clean continuing resolution without the poison pill that Donald Trump wanted in there to disenfranchise voters.


And one of the things that Donald Trump wanted to do was shut down the government to screw a booming or, or a pretty good economy right now. So here's the letter that MAGA Mike Johnson says, dear friends and colleagues, this is what he sent late last night. This letter is to provide a brief update on our path forward for government funding because the end of the fiscal year is upon us and Senate Democrats fail to pass a single appropriation bill or negotiate with the house on an acceptable top line number for 2025. A continuing resolution is the only option that remains. As you all know, we presented a plan last week for a six month continuing resolution accompanied by the SAVE Act, so that we could both meet our funding obligations and do all within our power to ensure election security.


Due to the urgency of that issue, the American people deserve nothing less what we deserve, nothing less than you making up a fake issue that doesn't exist because people who are here unlawfully do not vote. So you are just making this up. One of the things the Save Act would've done is you have to vote using your name on your birth certificate, which could then disenfranchise, get this, get this. Not a shocker. Tens of millions of women who don't go through a process to conform their maiden names with their current names and therefore disenfranchise them that that's what this was.


This what this was about. But it goes on to say, since we fell a bit short of the goal line and alternative plan is now required. The feedback and ideas from everyone have been helpful. And next week the House will take the initiative and pass a clean three month CR to prevent the Senate from jamming us with a bill loaded with billions of new spending and unrelated provisions. Our legislation will be a very narrow, bare bones continuing resolution, including only the extensions that are absolutely necessary. In other words, MAGA Mike Johnson is admitting that he is completely folding. Now, after that was announced a Trump surrogate who Trump was speaking to moments before MAGA Mike Johnson put out that statement, wrote the following, Johnson is a DC swamp rat, deep state plant and Rhino traitor.


Wayne Allen root, again, his shoulder to shoulder with Donald Trump in this, I wouldn't be surprised if Donald Trump had him write this horrible person referring to Maga mike. Same as McCarthy, same as Paul Ryan, same as Bayner. Clearly they have videos or photos of this weak milk toast, backstabbing loser in bed with someone or something very bad. Now, just to remind you, here's the post that Donald Trump made on September 18th, 2024. He goes, if Republicans don't get the save act in every ounce of it, they should not agree to a continuing resolution in any way, shape or form.


Democrats are registering illegal voters by the tens of thousands as we speak. They will vote in the 2024 presidential election. Don't let this happen. And again, that's not happening. He's lying. And he wanted to crash the economy. Now if you're saying to yourself that looks familiar, did he say something like this before? Yeah, he did. When the budget was previously being discussed, when the government funding bill happened over a year ago, he wrote, Republicans lost big on the debt ceiling, got nothing, and are now worried they will get blamed for a budget shutdown. Wrong. Whoever is president will be blamed In this case, crooked has held Joe Biden.


This was over a year ago when he was trying to shut down the country. Then our country's being systematically dismantled by leftist Marxist thugs. Unless you get everything, shut it down, shut it down. Shut down our country, shut down our economy. You wanted to throw we the people into economic depression. 'cause again, he thinks our suffering helps him. That's why at every step of the way, he roots against us. Then if you go, that looks familiar. Yeah. He posts this like every six months. This isn't deja vu. This is just every six months he does this. He tries to create a shutdown.


So then again on January 17th, 2024, he goes, I do not think we should do a border deal at all unless we get everything needed to shut down the invasion. He says, I have no doubt that our wonderful Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, will only make a deal that is perfect on the border. In other words, he killed a bipartisan border deal that had everything the Republicans wanted because Donald Trump wanted we the people to suffer. Then Donald Trump also said that he didn't want the debt ceiling to be raised, which would've thrown America into default. And we would've went into an economic depression. Remember at that? So-called CNN Town Hall that Donald Trump was a part of after being found liable for sexual assault.


Remember what he said about raising the debt ceiling, how he opposed it. Here play this clip. You think the US should default if the White House does not agree to the spending cuts Republicans are Demanding. We might as well do it now because you'll do it later. Because we have to save this country. Our country is dying. Our country is being destroyed by stupid people, by very stupid people. You once said that using the, that using the debt ceiling as a negotiating wedge just could not happen. You, you said that when you were in the Oval Office. That's why I was president. So, so why is it different now that you're out of office? 'cause Now I'm not president.


Flavored air is not like vaping. If Vapor was compared to sticky soda. Fume cores are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, orange, vanilla, and new peach blush. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics, no vapor, no combustion fume draws flavor to your mouth and fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave. Fume is not a vape and there's no nicotine and it's not addictive. It's very important. Also, fume has non-toxic flavors. It's truly a guilt-free alternative to your bad habit. The look and feel of Fume is awesome. The design is super high quality. Fume continuously invests in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products and is backed by doctors in the US personally. My favorite flavor is the orange vanilla. I love the way it tastes. I'm truly a huge fan of fume. So many listeners of this program have told me they've quit their bad habits with fume. And I know it can do the same for you. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use our code Midas To get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to try fume.com. That's TRY FUM dot com. Tri fume.com. And use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S or scan the QR code on screen. To, get a free gift with your order today. Tri fume.com. Use the code Midas.


So then you have all of the Fox characters though. Try to put pressure on the Republicans like MAGA Mike Johnson. And here he is, by the way, saying you gotta shut it down. This is Sean Hannity telling Mag and Mike to shut it down here. play the clip. Why are Republicans so reluctant to ever shut down the government? Why don't they just shut it down? Because, well, let's be honest. When they do shut down, the government's not really a shutdown. Non-essential workers get a furlough. They usually get back pay and essential workers keep working. Our, our armed forces keep working social security checks, et cetera.


That keeps going out. Essential services continue and then people in the end end up getting a paid vacation. Why? Why are people so reluctant against that? The Democrats have always held their ground. So in the past, for example, you had President Biden mocking the GOP for saying that you can't raise the debt ceiling. Remember when President Biden stood his ground and said this, this was years ago at this point. 'cause they tried it early on in the Biden administration play this clip. Republicans say you're refusing to negotiate on the debt limit. They're saying you're missing an action. Will you Negotiate That's figured out the debt limit yet? Are you missing an action? I'm an inflation president. Put them on the debt limit.


Will You meet with McCarthy? What? Hard to meet with McCarthy, but not on whether or not the debt limit gets extended. That's not negotiable. I noticed they quote Reagan and they quote, they quote Reagan all the time and they quote Trump, both of which says, it says, I'm paraphrasing. It would be an absolute crime to not extend the debt limit. When Are, what do they Say? Then? Remember where they tried to do another government shutdown and Hakeem Jeffrey stood up to them. This was September, 2023. They do, they do this every six months to a year. Here, play this clip. Republicans say you're refusing to negotiate on the debt limit. They're saying you're missing an action.


Will you Negotiate that? Hasn't figured out the debt limit yet. Are you missing an action? I'm an inflation Mr. President, negotiate. Put them on the debt limit. Will You meet with McCarthy? When can America You meet with McCarthy but not on whether or not the debt limit gets extended? That's not negotiable. I noticed they quote Reagan and they quote, they quote Reagan all the time and they quote Trump, both of which says, it says, I'm paraphrasing. It would be an absolute crime to not extend the deadline. When Are you going? Say, So then after going through all this process, so then what then the mags have to do is they don't shut it down. 'cause they want to try to save their own jobs, but Trump told them to shut the economy down.


So then they go through their, it's like a, it's like the game they have to go through. So then they have to go on Fox and then compare Donald Trump to George Washington so that Donald Trump doesn't get mad at them. So then Maga Mike goes, he's like, George Wa he's the greatest ever. Here's what MAGA Mike says on Fox play the clip. He felt like God was with him during that. Was he mentioning anything like that? I mean this is the second time someone has tried to take his life. That has to be pretty jarring. It is. It's a remarkable thing. And Kelly and I spoke with him at great length about that because it is something that no one can deny. God has spare his life twice now. And I I told him that it reminded me of the Bulletproof George Washington, our first president who evaded being shot when he was an army colonel.


The, the famous incident in the French American in Indian War, where, where they all took shots at him and bullet holes went through his jacket and it didn't take him down. That event took place, ironically, less than 50 miles from where President Trump was shot on the stage at Butler, Pennsylvania. The these things aren't accidents. It's not luck. I, I believe it's Providence and we talked about that. It's a remarkable thing. It would move any man's heart. I think it's moved the presidents and it's just something he's processing right now. Yeah. And then they fight with each other. And then Marjorie Taylor Greene then says that Mag and Mike needs to be vacated and, and needs to be fired here. Play the clip In my meeting with him yesterday and, and many other members of Congress, I let Speaker Johnson know that in no way, shape and form will I support any type of cr.


We aren't, we aren't continuing Nancy budget. Nancy Pelosi's budget. And that if he moves forward with a separate deal trading our border security weakening HR two in exchange for $60 billion to Ukraine. I told him yesterday in his office that I would vacate the chair that that is absolutely unacceptable. And we actually have the power of the purse. We are the ones that are in control and we need to control the negotiation. I reiterated those same points this morning. So the ball was in his court, by the Way, there's just so much chaos with these magos. It's chaos. On top of chaos, on top of chaos. But the good news, the good news is, is that they're not shutting it down.


It's like a ridiculous, they're gonna do their job and pass a continuing resolution despite Donald Trump wanting to crash our economy before the election, and they're not doing it outta the goodness of their heart or that they care about the country. Maga Mike is doing that because other republicans in the House of Representatives are telling him they're gonna lose their job. So he thinks he's gonna lose his job. So that's why he's doing it. Not to actually help we the people can we move past this chaos. But hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.