
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies. While MeUndies can't totally help your love life this Valentine's Day, they can offer you insanely comfy undies and loungewear to buy or gift. MeUndies has so many awesome Valentine's Day prints and styles. Plus you can match with your partner, friends or even your pets. This Valentine's Day give the gift that'll keep them thinking of you and score huge sitewide savings at meundies.com/spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. MeUndies comfort from the outside in


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities and there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook, whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Superbowl 59 must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas, an affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit MD gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY in New York.


I have disturbing news to report this morning about the tariffs that Donald Trump has imposed on Canada and Mexico starting a trade war. Donald Trump has made two posts on Sunday morning regarding the tariffs. In one post, Donald Trump said that there will be pain in America. Yes, maybe not, but it will be worth the price that will have to be paid by Americans in the form of suffering. He says, and then second, Donald Trump says that the tariffs will remain in place until Canada is annexed and becomes the 51st state of the United States of America.


So for anyone who thought, oh, he is just saying that, he's just joking. No, he's trying to impose economic warfare on our one's closest Ally Canada to make them submit so that he can try to annex it the way Putin annexes countries or goes to war with them. Let me just read for you Donald Trump's posts, and I have an important message at the end of this video about what we can do. I was asked a question last night at dinner. What can I do, Ben? I wanna share it with you. Here's Donald Trump's post, the tariff lobby headed by the globalist and always wrong. Wall Street Journal is working hard to justify countries like Canada, Mexico, China, and too many others to name continue the decade long ripoff of America.


He puts that in caps both with regard to trade crime and poisonous drugs. He puts all of that in caps that are allowed to so freely flow into America. Those days are over. That's in caps. The USA has major deficits with Canada, Mexico, and China and almost all countries. Exclamation point owes $36 trillion and we're not going to be the stupid country any longer. Now, this is in caps, make your product in the USA and there are no tariffs. Why should the United States lose trillions of dollars in subsidizing other countries? He puts that in caps. And why should these other countries pay a small fraction of the cost of what USA citizens pay for drugs and pharmaceuticals as an example, question mark.


Now he puts all of this in caps. This will be the golden Age of America, exclamation point. Will there be some pain? Yes, maybe and maybe not, but we will make America great again and it will all be the worth. All be worth the price that must be paid. We are a country that is now being run with common sense and the results will be spectacular. Exclamation point, exclamation point, folks, we are now being run by a psychopath, frankly, a want to be authoritarian. Someone who's behaving like an authoritarian Right now who is creating an authoritarian regime in the United States of America as spineless Republicans refuse to stand up to him as our spineless media here in the United States refuses to stand up to him.


That post right there, one of the most psychotic posts I have ever read, but then I read the next post that he made on Sunday morning as well. Here's what he writes. We pay hundreds of billions of dollars to subsidize Canada and subsidizes and caps. Why? There is no reason we don't need anything they have. We have unlimited energy, should make our own cars and have more lumber than we can ever use without this massive subsidy. Canada ceases to exist as a viable country. Harsh but true. Therefore, Canada should become our cherished 51st state.


Much lower taxes and far better military protection for the people of Canada. And no tariffs, exclamation point folks, despite the fact in everything that Donald Trump said is utterly false, not withstanding all of the fact that it's lie after lie after lie. Take a look at the language when he uses language like Canada ceases to exist as a viable country. Harsh but true. It should become the 51st state and then no tariffs. This is not a joke. Donald Trump is using the language of conquest, of warfare.


These are fighting words that he is saying. And I know Canada is a peace-loving nation, and Canada was our biggest ally, Canada. We here in the United States respect and love Canada. We have this madman psycho that 49% of the voting people in our country chose. This is embarrassing, this is humiliating. There's nothing funny about statements like this. By the way, remember our reporting back on October 29th, 2024 before the election. Here's what we reported@midasplus.com.


Trump ally, Elon Musk warns of a necessary economic collapse if Trump is elected. Musk says, every day Americans must embrace the pain if Trump gets back into the Oval Office. This was a story that we wrote, wrote with many stories that we wrote trying to warn the American people. Here's what Elon Musk posted. He reposted this account, Flesher King who said the following, if Trump succeeds in forcing through mass deportations, combined with Elon hacking away at the government, firing people and reducing the deficit, there will be an initial severe overreaction in the economy.


This economy's propped up with debt generating asset bubbles and artificially suppressed wages as a result of illegal immigration. Markets will tumble and then this person goes. But when the storm passes, you are gonna love it. After we inflict the pain abuse you break you down, you're gonna love it. And Elon Musk's response then was, sounds about right. Also, there's a bunch of other audio clips we played of Elon Musk saying that there needs to be economic hardship. Here, I'll play it here, I'll, I'll show you another example. So you hear it in his own words, that there will be short term economic hardship that he wants to inflict on.


We the people, let's play it. We Have to reduce spending to live within our means and yeah, that that necessarily involves some, some temporary hardship, but, but it, it will ensure long-term prosperity. But By the way, as we pointed out in that article back from October of 2024, we wrote, meanwhile, under the Biden Harris administration, the US economy has seen record growth. This month the economist called the US Economy, the envy of the world amid historic growth, low unemployment and the lowest inflation of any nation In the G seven, the major stock market indices continue to hit record highs on a nearly daily basis.


Yet Trump and Musk want to replace this prosperity with pain. By the way, not just them, the oligarchs, all of the other oligarchs as well who wanted to inflict this pain. The corporate leaders who sold us out, the Republican politicians who sold the United States of America out. And now what we're learning to is that Donald Trump's buddies the oligarchs, a new Goldman Sachs assessment of shorting stocks shows this, that there are all these oligarchs Right now who are betting on an economic collapse. They're shorting our market. Their whole plan was to short the market, destroy our lives, and then try to buy the dip.


That was their game plan horrific. Charlie Angus, a member of parliament in Canada says the following message to the grifter king from Canada, and it's a quote from Winston Churchill, we will have no parlay with you or the grizzly gang who work your wicked. Will you do your worst and we will do our best. We do not expect to hit without being hit back and we intend with every week that passes to hit harder. Charlie Angus also says, Canada is ready. We will fight. I thank the prime minister Justin Trudeau for his powerful statement in response to the thuggish attacks by Trump. We are unified as a nation.


Our American cousins are divided. We will kick at the darkness until it bleeds daylight. Prime Minister Trudeau from yesterday saying, look, Canadians are a little bit complex. Why our closest neighbors would do this to us, us here at play this clip. I think Canadians are a little perplexed as to why our closest friends and neighbors are choosing to target us instead of so many other challenging parts of the world. I don't think there's a lot of Americans who wake up in the morning saying, oh damn Canada. Oh, we should really go after Canada. Here's Prime Minister Trudeau as well, announcing the 25% retaliatory tariffs last night.


Let's Play it. Tonight I am announcing Canada will be responding to the US trade action with 25% tariffs against $155 billion worth of American goods. This will include immediate tariffs on $30 billion worth of goods as of Tuesday, followed by further tariffs on $125 billion worth of American products in 21 days time to allow Canadian companies and supply chains to seek to find alternatives. And here Prime Minister Trudeau talks about how this problem is going to impact Americans as well and Americans will feel pain.


Here, play this clip. Beyond That, it will have real consequences for you. The American people. As I have consistently said, tariffs again against Canada will put your jobs at risk, potentially shutting down American auto assembly plants and other manufacturing facilities. They will raise costs for you, including food at the grocery stores and gas at the pump. They will impede your access to an affordable supply of vital goods, crucial for US security such as nickel, potash, uranium, steel, and aluminum.


They will violate the free trade agreement that the president and I, along with our Mexican partner negotiated and signed a few years ago. But it doesn't have to be this way. As president John F. Kennedy said many years ago, geography has made us neighbors. History has made us friends, economics has made us partners and necessity has made us allies. I like this post right here. So what's Trump's economic strategy? Threaten 25% tariffs on America's closest allies. Impose them without any negotiation.


Remember Donald Trump refused to take Prime Minister Trudeau's phone calls over the past several weeks. Three, receive retaliatory tariffs back, get really angry and then increase the tariffs more and then threaten actual war. Here is Mark Carney, many believe is one of the front runners to be the next prime minister of Canada. Here he says, Trump thinks we're pushovers. He doesn't know Canadians here play this clip. Canada won't bow down to a bully and we won't stand by as tariffs hurt our workers and their families. Trump wants us to lose our cool and to cave in.


That's why Canadians need to be united with the right response dollar for dollar tariffs against the us. A plan to buy Canadian, a coordinated strategy to boost investment and support our workers and initiatives to make our economy work better and to diversify our trading partners. Let me be clear, this couldn't be more serious. And in moments of crisis, we need serious leadership and a serious plan. Trump thinks we're pushovers, but he doesn't know Canadians. We will always stand up for our country and we will get stronger Folks. And while all of this is going on, you have Donald Trump's various cabinet picks going on weekend shows and cosplaying in their like Halloween outfits, their positions.


It's so embarrassing. I'll give you an example. Christie Nome, Donald Trump's Secretary of Homeland Security refuses now to rule out detaining women and children at a concentration camp in Guantanamo Bay as part of their deportation sweep. They're open to putting women and children in concentration camps in Guantanamo Bake you, but like let's just be very clear what that is. Here she is in her little cosplay outfits this weekend she dressed as a as cosplay cowboy. She was cosplay ranger and then she was cosplay police ice officer. So utterly embarrassing there.


Final point I want to make. This is what I was asked. I was asked Ben, what? What can I do at dinner? I said, the first thing you can do is a simple, small thing. Do not normalize this when Trump makes posts like that. Now, from that office, this is not funny. This is not humorous. It pisses me off to no end. That corporate media is treating that like, oh, you know, that's just Trump being Trump Right now. Unfortunately, he is the running this country. We have a psychotic individual, a demented individual, a dictator running the United States.


You just have to use that language the way those messages are being perceived Right now in Canada, in Europe, in Mexico, and across the world that I just read for you. That's fight language. That's the language where militaries are going to get involved. Wasn't Donald Trump supposed to create peace in Ukraine in 24 hours, but now he's bringing the world closer to the brink of a World War III and with our closest allies against us. Let me say this to the international community as well. There are tens of millions of Americans who do not support that, and there are tens of millions of Americans who are ready to fight with you against that.


We don't support that one bit until they rip this microphone. From my very hands, we are going to speak truth. What we're seeing in those posts with those statements and his psychotic, disgusting, despicable, foolish, dictatorial actions every day do not represent the views of so many millions of us Americans. It is horrific. It is the the most vile thing imaginable. We stand in solidarity with you against that crap. We want peace. We don't want that crap. Others need to speak up. Corporate media needs to grow. Spine Republicans, you need to grow a freaking spine.


Wake the hell up. I'm Ben MICUs. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Please subscribe now. It's so critical. We grow Right now. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.