
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem drive and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com Today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What advice they have my favorite brand. This is like a whole new bu. I buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


A very frantic Donald Trump is trying to post his way out of the disaster he has created for his regime as his plans continue to backfire. He was posting last night around midnight attacks against Ms NBC, calling it MSD and C. Today he was posting attacks on former President Biden. He was making random posts make America great again with exclamation points. He was lying and saying, inflation is down. I've solved the problem. Make America great again. Everybody is happy. There's jobs for everyone. People are living their best lives.


Now, literally, as the data comes in that prices are higher, like try to get a cup of coffee. I mean, it's the projected to be like 59% higher as a result of Donald Trump's tariffs in some places. Take a look at housing right now. Mortgage rates crossing, what 7% could even potentially hit 8% soon. And of course, most bankers right now in most economists believe we're either already in a recession, we're heading for a recession. The question is, what's the contraction of the economy going to be? Negative 3%, negative 2%. Is the contraction gonna hit in a quarter later?


What's gonna happen there? But Donald Trump just keeps on posting over and over again. And by the way, the White House posted this image as one individual noted. I can't believe this is real, but it is. It's a photo of minors with their faces covered after a hard day's work of labor. And this is the type of jobs that Donald Trump is saying. He wants to see more jobs like this. And look a big shout out to minors. Let me be very, very clear. Hardworking Americans who deserve to be treated with absolute respect, they deserve to be paid more frankly.


But let's talk about higher paying jobs for people like this. We know that factories are closing right now. We should be giving our American workers the absolute best. It's just an odd image of the Trump regime to continue posting images of like coal workers as the pinnacle of what they want to see the American economy look like. As the American economy was evolving to have higher paying jobs under former President Biden to bring everybody up. As former President Biden said, A job is about dignity. Yet Donald Trump and Elon Musk continue to attack that.


Also, when you're going through Donald Trump's posts on his social media platform, this is a real ad. As you're scrolling through Donald Trump's posts, it's Matt Gates with an Ivermectin tablet. I'm not trying to say if they think he looks like a horse or what the point, they didn't want you to have Ivermectin, but you can still get it here. That's what they're promoting on Trump's social media platform, which last year, what? Lost close to $400 million and only earned like what, three and a half, $4 million in revenue? Yeah, so your local Boba restaurant or Starbucks restaurant or Starbucks or local restaurant makes more money, earns more revenue, and certainly more profit than Trump media does.


Then Trump randomly post post Congresswoman Elise Stefon is great. She's so great. This is the attack on former President Biden Sleepy Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of the United States has allowed millions and millions of criminals, many of them murderers, drug dealers, and people released from prisons and mental institutions. Wow, wow, wow. Hannibal elector this, blah, blah, blah. You know, if you wanna look at the deportation numbers, former President Biden this time last year, this month deported more people than Donald Trump. And more people actually that had criminal records with Donald Trump. So you may be saying that's odd. Donald Trump says the opposite. Well, Donald Trump lies about everything. And you may go, well, that's odd.


I didn't really hear former President Biden talk about it that much yet. 'cause they went through the process. They had competent people, they had immigration judges who went about a process, and then there were deportations that were handled pursuant to due process and pursuant to the law. And it just happened. Donald Trump wants to torture people. He wants to do it fascist apprentice style, right? As I've said this regime, in addition to being the Rug Pul Ponzi scheme regime, it's like a weird version of The Apprentice meets Kim Jong-un. That's what these cabinet meetings look like. Everything's a show, but they're not actually competent in the underlying execution of what their plans are.


Remember Donald Trump said there were gonna be millions of people deported on day one? Well, that that's not what happened. But what he did do is he picked 90% like innocent people without criminal records at all. No criminal records here, no criminal records in their home country. And then he sent them to concentration camps in El Salvador so he could feel like a tough guy. And then when the Supreme Court says, what the hell are you doing? Nine to zero return a Braco Garcia, why are you doing this? Oh, that's not what they said. I won. And we can't do anything. The leader of El Salvador says, there's nothing we can do. This is a terrorist MS 13 member. Well, Donald, your immigration judge, judge in 2019 created the protected status for Abrego Garcia 2019.


I know you have all these cognitive issues now for a long time, but you were in office in 2019. Oh, then Donald Trump makes this post. You see, it's frantic this morning, post, post, post, post, post, post, post. Starting last night around midnight. He goes, everyone knows that Harvard has lost its way. They hired from New York. Bill D and Chicago. L'Oreal had ridiculously high salaries. Two of the worst and most, and he puts this again, incompetent people, radical left fools, inept women. I mean, just go, go and read. I'm not gonna read the whole freaking thing because it's like lit, like written by a psycho. Like it's written by a mad man, like a lunatic, a deranged, demented person.


Imagine if somebody who you worked with, someone you knew in your life, somebody who was part of a social club wrote like that and sent you messages. You'd be like, yo, this person is a little bit woo woo. You know, not a little bit. I mean, and this person is dangerous right here.


Have you heard about the crime that the FBI calls house stealing? It's a growing real estate scam, targeting American homeowners and their equity. And here's how it works, criminals, forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee and file with your county just like that. Your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property, and you won't even know it's happened until you start getting collections or foreclosure notices. So let me ask you, when was the last time you checked your home title? Now, if you're like me, the answer is never. And that's exactly what scammers are counting on. That's why you need to stop what you're doing right now and find out today. If you are already a victim, just use my promo code midas@hometitlelock.com and you'll get a free title history report to find out if your title is still in your name. Now, when you sign up, you'll also receive 14 days of free million dollar triple lock protection. That's immediate 24 7 monitoring of your property's title, urgent alerts. If there are ever any changes. And if fraud should happen, their US-based restoration team will spend up to $1 million to fix the fraud and restore your title at no additional cost. Get peace of mind now@hometitlelock.com, promo code Midas, or click the link in the description, that's home title lock.com, promo code Midas.


And just think about what he's doing already this morning. I mean, attacking America's leading educational institutions, lying about the economy and saying things are great. You know, Donald people can look at their 4 0 1 ks and their pensions. People who are living paycheck to paycheck know it's not going great right now. You know that people who are losing their jobs in states like Ohio, as as factories are clo. They know you've lied to them. And so you could keep the Ponzi scheme rug pole going, but, but people are aware of like what is happening. And I understand that you've got state regime media known as Fox, and you've got corporate news to do your bidding.


But we've got the Midas Touch Network right now, okay? And we get more viewers than all of them. And by the way, everybody go to Midas Plus dot com. That's our substack sign up. 'cause we're trying to get to a million subscribers on that Substack. It's now the fastest growing substack in the world. Take a look at this right here. They're all, all of the people in Trump's, or a lot of the people, I shouldn't say a lot of the people in Trump's cabinet and Trump's senior staff are dying their hair the way Trump does. They also wear these Trump pins with Trump's face on it. You take a look right here. This is Dr. Oz, as we said on the Midas Touch account. The Trump hair dye job is deeply, deeply disturbing.


Oh, and just in case you were confused, just to go back to the last slide I showed you about why he's attacking Harvard. 'cause Harvard said, no, we're not gonna become a vassal institution of the Trump regime. No, we're not going to let the Trump regime take over our admissions process and force us to get rid of any form of diversity at Harvard. No, we're not gonna let you tell us who we can hire. The Trump regime wanted to. This is true. They wanted to audit the political views of the faculty and the students at Harvard. And they wanted to look and have everybody's political views laid out. Really? That seems like the most communist central planning, fascist, authoritarian thing in the world.


Oh, by the way, this morning, the Wall Street Journal, this incredible expose on Elon, so right, the Republicans we're the party of family, vals rah, rah rah. Also, we pledge allegiance to Elon Musk. This is from the Wall Street Journal folks, Rupert Murdoch's paper, the Wall Street Journal. Here's what it says, the tactics Elon Musk uses to manage his legion of babies and their mothers. So this was Ashley San Ashley St. Clair on the cover. That's her with her baby Romulus, I think is the baby's name. And Elon Musk offered her apparently $15 million and a hundred thousand dollars a month in support, in exchange for her silence about the child who they named Romulus after a historical figure who murdered his brother.


Similar agreements had been negotiated with other mothers of Musk's children because Elon Musk wanted to reach legion level status before the apocalypse. So Elon wanted to have a, a camp where all of his mothers and his legions, he calls them his legions, the babies, and he finds the woman on Twitter according to this article. And then has the legions live in, in hi in a compound. And then there was another story in the Wall Street Journal about a crypto reporter named Tiffany Fong, who was approached by Musk and asked if, if he can, if she could have his baby, and, and she could have Allegion rep family values.


These are the people who are engaged in a hostile takeover of our country, who are defaming our veterans, who are lying and saying, these people have been fired for cause for not doing a good job. They're stripping away their dignity. And then these creeps are going on Twitter and using their accounts to try to impregnate women and create legions with their oligarchical money. These are real sickos, these are real freaking sickos folks. Moving on. The governor of California, governor Newsom just filed a bombshell lawsuit against the Trump regime for the Trump regime's tariffs. This is similar to these other lawsuits that's just based on, but it's being brought by the governor of California and California.


Now, Newsom versus Trump. And this lawsuit relates to Trump doesn't have the power to unilaterally impose tariffs as, as Trump's asserting war authority powers to tariff the world. The power to tariff is in Congress. You have to pass laws on these things. But Trump is saying, I'm a wartime president. We're at war against Venezuela. We're at war. This is, Trump says he's declaring a national emergency because of war with all of these countries. So with Canada, with Australia, with Europe, with our, with our allies. So that's why, that's why Trump says that he has the ability to go around Congress.


Even though if you take, if you look at like Australia, there's, there's a surplus with Australia. I mean, none of this makes sense at all other than Trump is deranged dangerous. He wants to break all of the institutions, break America's prominence as the leader of the world economy. And he wants to suck up to Putin. You can see headlines like this as well. US vehicles supply falling amid tariff fear. So what, what, what's the Trump regime talking about? What's their central message today? Ding, ding, ding. You guessed it. They're talking about transgender people in sports. And today there was a big announcement by the Trump Department of Justice that because Maine has two transgender athletes, they're suing Maine.


They tried to get rid of all of the funding for Maine's public schools. 'cause Maine said, look, we're following the law. Stop bullying the two transgender people who are in who, who are in Maine. There's two stop bullying them. And then the Trump regime tried to get rid of all federal funding to public schools. So like 172,000 kids who would get their lunches in the state of Maine would get that taken away because Trump wants to bully two transgender kids in the state of Maine. So the state of Maine got the initial attempt by the Trump regime to, to steal all of the funding away blocked. So there's an injunction there. So today, the DOJ coming with force and suing the state of Maine, here's Pam Bondi talking about it this morning in her press conference.


Let's play it. I, I haven't heard Janet Mills comment. Governor Mills said it's only a couple trans athletes. Well, I think those are boys who identify as girls wanting to beat girls in girls' sports. Well, if one young woman is in jeopardy, one, that's enough for us to be standing up here. One, no boy will be undressing in a girl's locker room. No boy will be walking in a woman's restroom and no boy, when we're finished with this, we'll be be beating young girls in sports. These young women have, many of them have trained what, since you were in elementary school for your sport, Riley, when did you start swimming?


Four years old. Four years old. They have trained their entire lives. Some of them have lost scholarships. They have lost regionals. They have lost state because of boys. I don't care if it's one, I don't care if it's two. I don't care if it's a hundred. It's going to stop and it's going to stop in every single state. So there you have it, folks. That's the update for now. I'll keep you posted throughout the day. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.