
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel any anytime terms apply.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Do your job. Do your job, do your job, do your job, do your job, do your Job. That was in Texas's third Congressional district. You don't get much more Ruby red than Texas's third, the MAGA Republican Congress member getting booed right there for his and Donald Trump and Elon Musk and all the other Magar Republicans. Actions is Congress member Keith Self. That's basically like a plus 30 Trump Republican district in Texas's. Third, let me just show you another angle so you have a full kind of scale of the crowd that assembled at Keith Sells town hall as he was mercilessly booed.


But as other MAGA republicans across the country were mercilessly booed. Here, play this clip. Now I'll do a whole other video on all of these other MAGA Republican Congress members getting booed at the recent town halls they held. But let's go up north, shall we, to Toronto where the WWE held an event. And during the singing of the national Anthem, guess what?


You heard more booze here, play this clip And folks, Canada is pissed.


I mean, Donald Trump continues to threaten annexation. Donald Trump said that on Monday he will reinstate or or put in place who even knows with him the tariffs that he threatened 30 days ago to try to inflict financial devastation like our closest ally. You know, a country that is like literally our, like our top trading partner. So of course the people are going to boo. And in Canada, they are currently boycotting pretty much all things American boycotting, American tourism. We stand in solidarity with you Canada. The Midas Touch Podcast is the number one podcast in all of Canada.


So while that booing is taking place, what is the United States under the Trump regime, which has joined the access of evil with Russia, North Korea, Belarus, Hungary, what are they doing? The White House is posting images like this, this photo of JD Van sitting on his girlfriend a couch. And the White House account says, have you said the White House account goes? Have you said thank you once? And they're bragging that JD Vance was attacking President Zelensky of Ukraine in the Oval Office meeting. And he said, have you ever said thank you? Say thank you to me right now? And it's like President Zelinsky said thank you repeatedly to the people of the United States of America, even though he shouldn't say thank you to Donald Trump and Vance.


He said, thank you repeatedly. All President Zelinsky said that he was not willing to say is that Putin is a good guy. 'cause Putin is killing Ukrainians and Mass and unlawfully invaded Ukraine. So while Trump and Republicans are getting booed, what's Donald Trump doing? It's weekend at Bernie's. It's, it's, it's, it's a vacation time for Donald Trump. As the Patriotics account goes, Trump is working hard to lower grocery PI prices by golfing and reposting Marjorie Taylor Greene saying This is what homeschooling looks like in Georgia's 14 Gulf of America.


America. Yeah. And it's a map where I guess somebody put America over Gulf of Mexico, right wing propaganda right now in America, state regime run media. They're trying to desperately cover up for Donald Trump. 'cause they know the American people are pissed. They thought the American people were stupid. They figured they elected Donald Trump. So maybe American people wouldn't realize that the Trump GOP budget gets rid of Medicaid, basically of what? $880 billion in cuts to Medicaid. Close to $400 billion in cuts to education, close to $300 billion in cuts to farmers over $10 billion in cuts to infrastructure.


But the billionaires get 4.5 trillion, $4.5 trillion in tax cuts. And so here's Fox trying to really try and really hard with its propaganda, saying, look, Trump needs a Nobel Peace Prize. What? What he did in the Oval Office merits Nobel Peace Prize. There's, they were. They're so pathetic. Here, watch this for yourself. Luxembourg doesn't have the weapons to give them. I think we gotta get back to the central point. I think the most important point that Donald Trump made in this whole thing. He said, you are gambling with World War ii. Yeah. Yep. This was about peace. Ultimately there's a lot of drama and we can break down everybody's feelings.


But in the end, I think what's remarkable is that we have a president who's willing to do anything to bring about world peace Man. If he doesn't get the, if he doesn't get the Nobel Peace Prize after this, that thing, it means nothing. And He was giving Zellen. And then you have the right wing clown, no offense to clown propagandists. 'cause not all clowns are propagandists. These are the clown propagandists like Benny Johnson going, president Trump at Mar-a-Lago on the phone working. He's an absolute machine fire emoji. It's like these right wing influencers who went to the White House on Friday and they were handed like a binder. And the binder said Epstein files. And so Trump's trying to cover up not turning over the Epstein Viles because we know from what's already been released, I mean Trump's name based on what was released in 2021, I mean, Trump's name is on the flight log.


Trump's name is on the call log. Trump's name is in depositions. I mean, Trump was close friends with Epstein said Epstein was a great guy who likes women on the younger side. Anyway, they gave the right wing influencers, If you even want to call 'em that, who showed up at the White House of Binder that said transparency, the Epstein files. Except it wasn't the Epstein files. And then the right wing influencers were like, oh yeah, we got it. I mean, how horrific that you're like dancing around with a call log from 2021, which is not the files when we're talking about someone who trafficked children. I mean, there's sick people dancing with this, with these files. I don't know. Oh yeah. Another day, another airplane is on fire in the United States of America.


That happened yesterday. Donald Trump and Lindsey Graham looking miserable. The new FBI, deputy director Dan Bonino, I don't even know why he posted this yesterday, which was March. Which was March 1st. He posted this yesterday. Today is March 2nd, and Donald Trump is the president of the United States. Yesterday was literally March 1st when he posted that. And he may wanna look because the last day in February, right before March 1st, that's the way it works. February, then March, the Atlanta Federal Reserve predicted negative 1.5% GDP growth when it was supposed to be under former President Biden somewhere close to 3%.


Take a look at all the papers worldwide condemning Donald Trump. In addition, Trump has lost the Daily Mail. When you lose the Daily Mail. Yeah, you're a global pariah is anonymous rights. Trump on Friday presided over one of the greatest diplomatic disasters in modern history. A spectacle to horrify the world. But you know, I guess that's the art of the deal. It's four dimensional chess. Everybody, I'll show you this. Federal workers at a Virginia Town Hall at the end of last week. Here is what they wanna say. Play this clip. The Email that came out wanting us to justify our jobs with five things we did last week was on Saturday night. Yeah. And I was literally working on Saturday night to make up for all the distractions I had had the previous week, which came from the executive branch.


And so I'm working, trying to catch up on things, and then I get that email on top of it. It's very hard to keep your train of thought when you're getting threatened and harassed like that. I support the Defense Department and the jobs that we do are so stressful. And to have this on top of it, I mean, I know that that's their goal is to make it miserable. So don't forget about my colleagues that are overseas and they don't even know how they're getting home and they're just being terminated. I feel like what they're doing is sending out these text messages, you know, saying, oh my God, we've gotta do X because this is happening. I can't, I'm retired. I can't throw money unless I know what the money's gonna be used for.


Did you hear that? They said, you know, Musk and Trump, their goal is to make us miserable, right? So whether we're talking about the Ruby Red Texas third, or you go into Virginia, which is purple-ish, people are pissed. And they should be, I mean, take a look at this headline from CNN on Friday. Markets wrap Rough Month driven by Extreme Fear US Stock Seesaw Friday. But all three major indexes closed the month in the red, A sign of increasing unease in the markets. Volatility grip markets as traders closed out a dismal February that wiped out some games, quote, extreme Fear was the sentiment driving the markets on Friday.


And for the fourth day in a row, according to CNN's Fear and Greed Index. And then it goes on to say the Vix Wall Street's Fear Gauge popped to its highest level this year in the afternoon. It said, while trading markets recouped losses US markets sputtered in February and slid this week, quote, we believe there is a valid concern in the markets right now. And so all this is going on. What is Elon Musk talking about? So Joe Rogan losing to us in the podcast ratings, and I know it's getting to him. I've heard how much it's getting to him. So he needs better ratings. So he brings on Elon Musk because he thinks that's gonna get him better ratings than us.


He wants to be number one podcast again. So you have Elon Musk and Rogan like just launders the oligarchs and tries to make them cool. But I think everybody knows that Rogan is just an oligarch launderer at this point. So here you have Elon Musk with Rogan saying that social security is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time. Let's be clear, not only are they going after your Medicaid in the budget, I want you to hear it for yourself. They're going after your Social security. And what do we know? One of the ways they're doing this, I think they're set to fire 6,000 to 7,000 people who work at the Social Security Administration, which is gonna basically make it very difficult for you to even get your Social security check.


Then there's gonna be chaos. And then I think they're gonna stop paying it. I mean, let's just, I'm not trying to fear Monger. Just listen to Elon Musk who's running the government, right? I I'm coming with a receipt. This guy we know is running the government for reasons that are still unclear to us all. We know that Trump and Elon are refusing foyer requests freedom of information. I saying that he's entitled to executive Immunity Presidential Records Act and he's in the executive branch, so he won't testify, but he goes on Rogan. Here's what he says here. Play the split. Well, I mean, the government's won big permit scheme If you ask me. Yeah, well you, you could can tell 'em better than anybody. I mean, social security is, is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time.


Right? Explain that. Oh, so well, people pay into Social security and, and the money goes out of Social Security immediately. But the obligation for social security is your entire retirement career. So you're, you're paying with your, the ki you're, you're paying Like, Like If you look at the future obligations of Social security, it far exceeds the, the tax revenue far If you have, have you ever looked at the, the the debt the debt clock? Yes. Okay. There's, there's, there's our present day debt, but then there's our future obligations. So when you look at the future obligations of social security, the actual national debt is like double what, what people think it is because of the future Obligations.


So basically people are living way longer than expected and there are fewer babies being born. So you have more people who are retired and get that, that live for a long time and get re re retirement payments. So the future obligation. So how, however, however bad the financial situation is right now for the federal government, it'll be much worse in the future. So yeah, I don't think I'm fearmongering when I'm playing you the clip of ultimately what he is saying. Take a look at what the Wall Street Journal editorial board wrote about Trump's meeting with Zelensky. It is bewildering to see Mr. Trump's allies defending this debacle as somehow a show of American strength.


And that's why, by the way, when JD Vance went to Vermont for a vacation, they, they were all vacation, all these guys, just a vacation. He was greeted with booze. Play this clip from Fox for Vice president JD Vance and his family following yesterday's fiasco there in the Oval Office with Ukrainian president Zelinsky. There's some new video now we have showing the vice president being greeted by protestors holding anti-vax pro Ukraine signs as he wakes his, as he makes his way there to Vermont for a ski resort vacation. More protestors met the Vance family outside of the resort and the family ultimately had to move to an undisclosed location.


Here are some of the signs. Vance is a trader. Go ski in Russia. Goodbye. Free world trader Trump loves Russia. Our friend Adam Kinzinger, former Congress member posted this photo right here. The Trump Zelensky meeting, sometimes political cartoons, some it all up. Great work to the chat Noga times Free press. Mr. Bennett posting it. Great work. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million Subscribe. Meidas the Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.