
First, the United Kingdom says no to the right wing with a massive victory for the Labor Party in one of the biggest upsets in UK political history. Then France says, hold my champagne as the left and center. Left parties unite to hand, marine lap pen's, far right National Rally party, a massive and unexpected loss. The polls had it wrong, the pundits had it wrong. Sound familiar. Will America follow suit, defy the naysayers and choose democracy this November? Oh, and of course, MAGA is already calling those elections rigged as well. Speaking of the United States, president Biden is firing back at critics and making it clear that he is not going anywhere.


The president has been delivering speeches and chatting with voters in swing states across the country, holding more than 18 events. In 10 days, Biden sent a letter to House Democrats letting them know that he is ready to fight on, and called into Morning Joe to push back against his critics and affirm that he is in it to win it. Meanwhile, Donald Trump has not been seen in public in over 10 days and has just been hanging at his golf club, posting a literal qa, non memes and whining about Fox news's coverage of him. Trump is desperately trying to run away from the dangerous project 2025 agenda as more Americans begin to hear about his dangerous plans and the US economy continues to grow with more jobs, jobs, jobs, and Americans just set records for holiday travel over July 4th.


Brett and Jordy are here to discuss it all on the Midas Touch podcast. Jordy, just me and you today, man, how you feeling? Let's go. It feels like the adults are out of the room and we're ready to go here. This is gonna be Midas Touch podcast, unfiltered Without, right? This is gonna be quite a historic show here, I think. I'm really excited. Ben. We miss you big bro. But, but get some rest. Get some rest. We got you over here. No, just, just messing around. B, hold your champagne. I, I, I've never heard of that one before, but I really like it and I think I'm gonna start to use that going for Champagne. Was it, you know what? I was going like, it's, I was gonna off hold my beer, hold, Hold my beer to hold my champagne.


I like that. I figured in France, it's got my, my first draft was hold my croissant. I, I, I, I thought champagne, champagne, way better. Champagne. I thought, I thought cro maybe a slightly offensive, so I thought I'd move over to champagne. I thought that bridged the gap, but then I said, croissant here. So all that, all, all that editing is for n but you know what they say, Jordy writing is rewriting. And what I see about writing is that while all of this is happening, Trump is just out there posting these QA non memes taking to truth social. And I've seen this narrative in the media where they're trying to frame Trump's actions these days as, oh, he's being so restrained after the debate. He is really being so much, much more statesmanlike just because he's not going out there and literally not doing anything.


Donald Trump has not been seen literally in over 10 days. He just decided that he was gonna hold his first event on Tuesday at his own golf course in Miami. That's how far that he is currently willing to travel and willing to pay for other venues and whatnot. Trump has literally been posting, as I said, Q Anon memes. And I just wanna make this clear at the top of the show because it's really says so much about the candidates here. Donald Trump here posting this Q Anon account. It's called Spiritual Street Fighter 17, and this meme that says, we stand united with DJT. Now you go and you click on that individual's profile, their profile on truth Social says 1776.


Again, I'm a proud American born and raised woman for Trump. I believe in q the Great Awakening and holding the line where we go, one, we go all literal Q Anon memes posting a person who was supporting a literal death cult. Do you remember back in the 2016 campaign Jordy when Q Anon was a big story? The rise of Q Anon, the threat of Q Anon, all the stuff around Pizzagate and the shooting up of Comet ping pong and all the damage that came from that. And rightfully so, back then, the media was at least calling out the threat of Q anon. Now, Donald Trump consistently by almost every single day, is reposting literal QAN accounts, whose goal is to have televised public executions of Donald Trump's enemies.


And the deep state as they call it. I mean, this is really six stuff on a new level, right, Jay? Absolutely mb you think this would at least warrant a couple op-Eds calling for Donald Trump to drop out of the race, but no crickets from corporate media over and over again. It's a scary, scary time when the leader of an entire political party in this country can just retweet Q Anon cult memes over and over and over again and go completely unchecked, bizarre, and scary. And here's the thing about the coverage lately that I have seen, and it's something that I said Jordy on the previous podcast that we did.


I have, of course, they should be covering stories about President Biden. It's a very important story. What may or may not happen with President Biden the debate. Sure, it's important. What I have an issue with is the proportionality of the reporting. There was something like over in the week since the debate, more than 200 pieces put in the New York Times about the debate. I mean, a a little excessive. Now, if you told me, well, Brett, but Brett, there are also 200 pieces about Project 2025 and posting Q Anon and Trump posting Q Anon memes and all this stuff. I'd say, okay, they just post a lot. They just, they, they write a lot of articles. Okay, I I, I got it point taken. That's not, that's simply not the case.


Sure, they have mentioned these other topics, but writing a couple articles about something compared to 200 plus in a week on a single topic, I think you're putting your finger on the scale a bit there. And at that point, you're not simply reporting the news. You are actively trying to drive the news. Like here's some other stuff that they're not speaking about. Here's some other posts that Donald Trump has posted in the past few days. We have, we, the people support Trump from Patriot Point Man, one of these memes, spiritual Street Fighter 17. Again, this is that Q Anon account again, a meme that says it's time to totally obliterate the criminal syndicate and has a picture.


It's kind of covered up. It appears to be the United States Capitol. And this is what we are seeing right now. It is truly, truly, truly a baffling thing. But meanwhile, we are seeing far and wide across the world, democracy prevail. And I think that is one of the interesting things. Despite all the bluster of Trump, despite all the thoughts of the pundits and the polls, we are seeing a complete repudiation of that exact ideology across the board and By the way we've seen it here in America too, in these special elections. We've seen it here in America in the midterms when there was all this talk about a red wave.


And now we are seeing it overseas. We saw first in the United Kingdom, the Labor Party defeated the conservative party who was in office for, had control for about 14 or so years. The Labor mp, Kiir Starmer is now the Prime Minister. And how about that By the way Jordy a transition process that doesn't take months, that doesn't allow time for, I don't know, some sort of insurrection attempt in the meantime. It's something that's like a good idea, a good idea, something, something to think about. Maybe they have, you know, they've been doing this for a while. Perhaps it's something, something to think about. I'm just saying one of, one of the things I was really amazed with there though, was the, the speeches, the concession speeches after the victory, speeches after.


To me, that's what this network is all about. It's getting back to that civility and being able to believe in democracy and the will of the people. And you know, what we saw there with that transfer of power, I'm sure a lot of you, and we posted on our social media as well, you could check it out. Seeing that transfer of power between the previous party in power and the Labor Party, it really speaks volumes. And you know, and quite frankly, it makes the UK government, it makes them look like the adults in the room. And we are just like the crazy, I don't even know what to call us. But meanwhile then we had France, and for months, months, months, the polls, the pundits had been saying that there was going to be a right wing takeover in France.


They were saying Marine lap pen's, national Rally party, this Neofascist party was going to glide to power easy, no issues whatsoever. What happened? Their pro-democracy forces on the left and the center left, they joined forces. They created a new party called the New Popular Front. And they took on Maureen lap pen's party, lap pen's party. The National Rally Party ended up coming in third place. It was a complete upset. One of the greatest upsets, quite frankly in, in French history. Just a absolute stunning defeat. And once again, now it's up to America to decide are we going to follow in the suit of the UK of France, or are we gonna go different?


Now, I think it's heartwarming to see these images that are coming out of France, of all the celebrations. There was actually one I saw yesterday too, which was quite funny. It was a side-by-side split screen, the so good split screen of the lap pen people and of the people in the, in the new popular front. And their, the reactions were quite different. But here were the celebrations on the ground in Paris after the results were announced. And for those listening, you don't have to worry about what they're saying, don't worry, but just know it's, it's, it's a lot of very happy people.


Now, the next couple I wanna, but Brett, but Brett, how could the polls get it wrong? It's almost, how could they get it so wrong? Could it be, Brett? It's almost as if reporting on panic polls generates clicks and ratings. Could that be, could that be a theory here? Because that sure did look like a lot of people that were definitely giving a different view than what the polls had indicated over there. And here's the thing, Jordi, throughout history, fascist movements, autocratic movements have been able to attain power with small numbers because they are able to exploit divisions in the majority. I mean, if you go back to Nazi Germany, and if you look at Maga, right, you have a number of about 30% or so of people who firmly support, you know, those ideologies at those times.


Now, the con one of the things we could learn though from France is the power of pro-democracy forces uniting together to see a greater threat, to see that this is bigger than any one individual, but this is about our democracy and about our rights. And I think, I hope that that is additionally the takeaway of this, and that Americans start to get serious about the threats that lie before us. This next clip I'm going to play is in French, so I'll prep the listeners for what Maureen Lapin says here. But Maureen Lapin says she brags that her policies are the same policies as Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin. Here's the clip.


They're telling you who they are. So let's believe them Mag, of course, in total disarray Jordy, because they thought that they were gonna have this big victory overseas. You know, remember this autocratic movement. It's a, it's a global movement at the end of the day. And here were some of the select voices that I picked up here. You have do the conspiracies be David the S Conspiracies. Oh my God. David Sachs, France shows that no election assert and Macron in the far left used every trick in the book to deny marine lapin her victory. Republicans shouldn't get complacent. Kat turd, a thought leader in the Republican Party says they cheated in France, just like here. The fascist account end wokeness said, this is insane.


Macron's party colluded with the far left socialist in order to block a lip pen win. 200 candidates dropped out last week coalescing against the far right. Well, the coup just played off the socialist just won fir first place. It looks like France will not be saved. Yawn. Yawn doesn't, they tiring the biggest whiners of all time, Brett. And that's why, you know, that's why I, I give it to the American people by and large that they reject that type of sentiment and that type of feeling and that type of just looseness that you see from the maga, right? When you see from the cat turds, the end wokeness, the saxes, it's just like you're just the biggest whiners of all time.


And the American people don't like that. You also dabble and deal in exclusively and nothing else other than conspiracies. It's weird. And the American people, by and large, don't want to align themselves with you or your authoritarian rule. Absolutely not. And we need to make those stakes clear here and every day and stay focused on those specific stakes. You know, president Biden today, moving on to the United States, he was pushing back at all this various media coverage against folks telling him that he should drop out. President Biden posted this morning, he said this morning I sent a letter to my fellow Democrats on Capitol Hill.


In it, I shared my thoughts about this moment in our campaign. It's time to come together, move forward as a unified party and defeat Donald Trump. And I think seeing what happened overseas, that idea of unifying has never been more important. That was their key to victory there. I'll read you at least maybe I'll read the whole thing. I'll see how it goes. I'll read you at least a part of the letter that Biden sent to con to congressional Democrats. He says, fellow Democrats, now that you have returned from July 4th recess, I want you to know that despite all the speculation, the press and elsewhere, I'm firmly committed to staying in the race, to running this race to the end and to beating Donald Trump. I've had con extensive conversations with the leadership of the party elected officials, rank and file members, and most importantly, democratic voters over these past 10 days or so.


I've heard the concerns that people have their good faith, fears, and worries about what is at stake in the election. I'm not blind to them. Believe me, I know better than anyone the responsibility and the burden the nominee of our party carries. I carried it in 2020 when the fate of our nation was at stake. I also know that the concerns come from my place of real respect for my lifetime of public service and my record as president. And I've been moved by the expressions of affection for me and so many who have known me and supported me over the course of my public life. I am then grateful for the rock solid, steadfast support from so many elected Democrats in Congress and all across the country, and taking great strength from the resolve and determination I have seen from so many voters and grassroots supporters, even in the hardest of weeks.


I could respond to all this by saying clearly and unequivocally, I would not be running again if I did not absolutely believe I was the best person to beat Donald Trump in 2024. So that was his message. You could read it, it goes on for another, you know, page and a half. I'm not gonna read the whole thing because might take up a bit of the podcast, but I found him to be, and, and an impactful letter, you know, pushing back on everything that's going on. And then President Biden also, and everyone's telling him, get out there, right? You gotta get out there, you gotta talk to voters. And he is held something now like 18 plus events over the past 10 days. Like he's, he's been getting out there, he is been at Pennsylvania, he is been in Wisconsin, he's been all over the place in, in various swing states.


President Biden also today called in to Morning Joe to make his case as well. And I thought President Biden sounded incredibly forceful as well in this phone call. And I'll play you a clip. Here's the first clip where he says, the bottom line not going anywhere. The Bottom line here is that we're not going anywhere. I am not going anywhere. I wouldn't be running if I didn't absolutely believe that I'm the best candidate to beat Donald Trump. In 2024, we had a democratic nominating process where the voters spoke. Clearly, I want 14 million of those votes, et cetera. So I I I, I just want, I I'm not only believed that from the beginning, but I wanted to reassert it and demonstrate that it's true.


And I'm gonna be doing that all through this week. And from here on The next clip, president Biden mocks Donald Trump. He says that Trump is a liar and says that Trump has just been on his golf cart for the past 10 days, hanging with his wealthy friends. He's Just a liar. And he hadn't done a damn thing since the debate he's been riding around in the golf cart for 10 days, was down in Mar-a-Lago, talking with his wealthy friend. I'm not running because of these guys, Joe, I'm running because, and you know me well enough to know this from the very beginning I ran, because I never bought on in the trickle down economic theory. I never bought into the notion that we have to walk away from the rest of the world and cave to Putin or anybody else. I've never, never believed any of that. And I'm confident that's who the American people are.


So what I did was I went out and I wanted to make sure that there wasn't any, any slippage at all. And with the average voter, I don't care what the millionaire President Biden calling Trump, a pathological liar and bringing up some of the crazy things that Trump said in the debate and has said recently in his lies. And it was just like, what the hell are we even talking about here? Like, are you listening to this individual? Yeah, He is a pathological liar. He lied about Roe. He refused to accept the outcome of the election. He refused to condemn January 6th. And he says they claim he spoke with Putin before he invaded. What the hell are we doing, Joe? What are we doing? This is bizarre.


Yeah, it's an, it's A good question. President Biden was asked a question by Mika on Morning Joe, asking him, how could you assure the American people that that night during the debate was just a fluke? Here was his answer. How Can you assure the American people that you won't have another night like the one you did in Atlanta? Look at my career, I've not had many of those nights. It was a terrible night and I, I, I really regret it happening. But the fact of the matter is, how, how can you assure you're gonna be on, on, you know, faith, I can intervene on your way to go to, you know, work tomorrow. Age, age wasn't, you know, the idea, I'm too old, created over 15 million jobs, 21 million insured for a CA beat, big pharma.


We leave student debts for 5 million people. First black woman in the court. So I, I think I had a significant, a significant run. And that's how I'd measure me. Measure me, what I've done and By the way in terms of my neurological capacity. I had a physical, a neurological, physical as well. In February its released. I released all my records, all of 'em, all of 'em. And I have a neurological test every single day try sitting behind his desk and making these decisions. You know it, both of you know it. They know it. I'm not bad at what I do. And now it doesn't mean I never make a mistake. I do. But I'm making those decisions.


President Biden talking about all the events that he's done since the debate, including the very night of the debate when he was out at two in the morning, The night of that debate, I went out, I was out till two o'clock in the morning that very night, that very night. It drives me nuts, people talking about this that very night I talk a large crowd. Look at the crowds we've gathered everywhere from Atlanta to North Carolina to Pennsylvania and look at the Enthusia. But it was right after. And where the hell's Trump been? What has Trump said or done except deny and lie about what he's for President Biden saying that he has the instincts and he knows that he is the one to defeat Donald Trump.


And that the naysayers have been proven wrong time and time again. You remember, I was one of the few people out there publicly saying before the 2022 election, there will be no red way. There will be no red way because I've been all over the country. I didn't believe it at all. And then in 2023, the key elections, I went into those races, not every one of 'em, but a lot of 'em. And I said, we were gonna win. Look 'em, we won those. So Joe, it wasn't just that it didn't happen, I was predicting beforehand it would not happen. 'cause I've got a pretty good political instinct. And I, and here's the deal, it's not gonna happen here this time around.


The American public is not going to move away from me as the average voter President. Biden was also speaking about this constant narrative that there's a right word shift in the United States. And he's saying like, where do you get that from? And look at France and look at the United Kingdom and look what's happening. And look at what Trump says that he is going to do By the way, in case you're wondering whether there is one, have you ever seen Trump run away so fast from what he's for? You know, he is gonna do it anyway. But have you ever, I mean, he's such a liar. This guy is all, everybody knows what they're planning to do. And now he's saying, no, no, no, no, this guy's gonna rip away as a woman's right to choose in a permanent way.


This guy is gonna make sure that the exact revenge, this guy's gonna destroy democracy. This guy's gonna give a blank check to the Supreme Court and going to use his past the the 2025 agenda. You know, extremely danger. This guy's extremely dangerous. But you notice he doesn't speak up for what he now what he really swore, he's all of a sudden realizing, oh my God, nobody swore what I'm for. And a big theme was Biden Ra, you know, raising the stakes of this election and continuing to speak about all the things that Trump keeps running away from. If your policies are so popular, why do you keep running away from all of these things?


Here's another moment like that. Think Of the things he lied about. He said, talked about he gave the largest tax cut in history. Yeah, Gabe, a large tax credit history, the millionaires and billionaires, he said that he's gonna, those 10% universal tax proposal is not going to drive prices higher. Every major economist in the world is saying is gonna drive a average $2,500 per person only jobs he created for illegal immigrants and bounce back job and bounce back from covid. Gimme a break. That's what he said in the convention. I mean that, excuse me, at the debate. He, I mean, everything he said, he said, you know, he largely fixed covid.


You kidding me? And what happened? Nobody said anything. Nobody said anything except me. I, I think these are great. I think this is actually great of President Biden to be out there and getting this message across. I'll, I'll play one more Jay and then I wanna get your thoughts. But at the end, president Biden basically concludes with making the comparison to the elections that we've just seen overseas and how Americans will also reject the extremism the same way that they have rejected extremism abroad. And so this guy's gonna have to start to answer for what he did. I'm not letting up Joe. I am not letting up a little bit and By the way, you know, you know, France registered, you know, I, I look, you talk about Europe, France rejected extremism.


Democrats were rejected here as well. Trump. And, you know, this is a, this is a guy who is, is an extreme candidate. I can't think of a candidate in my lifetime that's been more extreme. He makes George Wallace look like a patriot. And Jor Jordy, what did you think overall about the, about the call into mourning jail? It's Fantastic. It was a fa it was, it was Biden at his best again. And honestly, he should do this more often. I, you know, it's funny, I I sort of have two conflicting thoughts at the same time. I think he should almost do this weekly call into Morning Joe Weekly, because that's what, that's what the American people want to hear. They want to hear why he is so great for this country versus why the other guy is so dangerous. And he did a great job today.


And I think a weekly call would do a lot of good at the same time. Let's be clear, there's nothing President Biden can do right now to appease the media coup that we're all witnessing. Like, he can do a cartwheel on stage while stopping a Rubik's cube. And it will just never be enough for some of these media members. Even when he goes on Morning Joe today, Brett, and has as good of a performance as he had suddenly because he's defending his record, he's now acting Trumpian. I, I saw that take from a lot of members of the media. So lemme get this straight. You want him to go on live TV to defend his record, but not like that. He didn't do it the right way today. Well, that, that's, that's weird that, so I'm speaking to those corporate media members, like just be honest. Say, say that you're dug in, in your position and that your ego just won't allow you to change your mind on the topic.


But just do everyone a favor and, and don't bring your degree to a dog fight because I'm no longer trying to entertain this intellectual debate about the ticket. The ticket is the ticket you could get behind it or you could get the hell out of the way. I, I, I, I like that line Jordy, but the degree or the dog fight is, is good stuff. Yeah. You know, and, and like I've said on on the show, it's an important discussion to have. I think it's a discussion that's that's great. And I think it's great that Democrats could be having these hard conversations. The thing that has disturbed me in recent days, to say the least, is like I said earlier, that proportionality of the stories, the putting so much emphasis on sorted stories and kind of just now they're like, make the making up stuff a lot and then they have to retract their stories.


Like yesterday they did a report that Ted Lu was calling for Biden to drop out. Not true at all. And yeah, they're just rushing to get out these story. I saw Axios did a story that was about the advanced team prep for Biden for events. And you have to, you know, they posted with a bunch of kind of sirens and say, Biden needs to have pictures of all the locations in the event before he goes in. And we got a copy, an exclusive copy of the entrances, the exits, everything that they show the president before he gets in and that a security team prepares for. And it's not until you get to the very bottom line of the story that says that this is done for literally every president ever.


And so that's the kind of putting your finger on the scale kind of storytelling, if you wanna say it in a nice way that it really disturbs me. But I think it's important to have the discussions, have those conversations. I think that's fine. But I think once you cross over into really trying to put your finger on the scale of what's happening, like we are seeing with these major media networks, it, it is quite disturbing to see how quick they are to cave into anti-democratic forces. Absolutely. And look, this is really where my frustrations start to come from too. It's like, okay, he went out in North Carolina, president Biden said he is running, he went out Wisconsin, said he is running, he went out and met with the governors.


The governor's left the meeting, they all had his back. The VP has his back, he's tweeted out that he's staying in the race. He's now released a statement to Congress saying he's staying the congressional Democrats saying he's staying in the race. So why continue to perpetuate this narrative as if he may or may not drop out. That's why it's been so frustrating for me as the, you know, as the weeks and days go on versus just understanding the moment and understanding what we need to do to defeat Donald Trump. Because right now, all you're doing by continuing to engage with this fantasy is you're helping Donald Trump. Period. You know, full stop. One of the most frustrating things, and I know we gotta hit to break soon, Brett, but one of the most frustrating things about these last few days for me personally, has been like the most privileged among us, casting stones from their penthouses, trying to tell the electorate that they know what's best for them.


And look, I, I'm, I'm sure a lot of it is in good faith, but I just hope these folks are having conversations with the party base who seem to feel much differently than they think Biden said it, he's not going anywhere. It's a good thing he remains the best candidate to take on Donald Trump. And as far as this election's concerned, it doesn't get stronger than a Biden Harris ticket. Nothing, nothing else even comes close. And so, one silver lining I guess, that we can all take from this, Brent, and I saw you had tweeted this out the other day, at least folks are now starting to realize just how big of an asset VP Harris is. And another silver lining is folks are engaged again, but once again, it, it's time to get behind the ticket or get out of the way because anything help, anything else at this point helps Trump, period.


Yeah, I mean the, the thing is that, you know, if, if you, you know, would want it to be Kamala Vice President Harris, I think she is amazing. The great thing is she's a very effective, great vp and her role as VP is to fill in, in case there are ever any issues. So to me, you get the best of both worlds. I, I'm happy that Vice President Harris is finally getting a moment, quite frankly, and getting the respect that she deserves. And I wanna play a clip from her at the Essence Festival later in the show. And before we go to break though, I just wanna also show, if I could find it, you know, this, this Chuck Todd tweet, which to me also just totally misses the, the message. Chuck Todd says, Biden's anger at quote elites is a bit misplaced.


Without the elites, he would've had a serious primary foe. Without the elites, no labels effort would've made a compelling tick had would've had a compelling ticket. Arguably, it's the elites who put too much faith in Biden Biden and got the Dems in this position. No labels were the elites and folks did try to challenge Biden. The reason that they got so much backlash and did not make it was not because of some big conspiracy, but it was quite frankly that voters didn't want it. The voters said no to that. The voters rejected the challenges from Dean Phillips or RFK or all the other people who were out there. They, they did, they rejected it. If there was an appetite for that and Dean Phillips whole thing was running on Biden's age, then there would've been votes for that.


And people would've been like, oh crap, there's this guy. But that just wasn't the case. Like I, I'm, I'm sorry. You know, I want to talk to talk about President Biden's schedule. I wanna talk about President Biden's visit to a church in Philadelphia and compare it to Donald Trump's disgraceful visit to a quote unquote black church in Detroit. I wanna show you Kamala Harris. I want to talk a little bit about Project 2025 and more. We'll be right back after this. Don't touch a thing.


As many of you may know, I just got married and I plan on expanding my family with more responsibility stacking up. I wanna make sure my family will have the protection that fits our needs. Now I'm grateful that I have Policygenius by my side. Policygenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. That's why I love it. Policygenius helps you easily compare your options from America's top insurers in just a few clicks. They're award-winning agents can even walk you through the process step by step. With Policygenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. Policygenius has no incentive to recommend one insurer over another so you can trust their guidance. Your work life insurance policy may not offer enough protection that your family needs. Even worse, it may not come with you if you leave your job. So please get the peace of mind that you need by finding the right life insurance with Policygenius. Head to Policygenius dot com slash midas or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's Policygenius dot com slash midas. One more time. Go to Policygenius dot com slash midas and I think you'll see why I trust Policygenius Policygenius dot com slash midas.


Let's take a quick break to talk about our next sponsor. ZBiotics, if you're like me, you probably skipped a workout because it drinks the night before. Look, it happens, but if you're committed to your healthy routine, you need ZBiotics Zbiotics. Pre-Cool. Probiotic is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough. Next day, ZBiotics produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. It's designed to work like your liver, but in your gut where you need it most. Just remember to drink ZBiotics before drinking alcohol, drink responsibly and get a good night's sleep to feel your best tomorrow. Recently I was celebrating my anniversary and I knew my wife and I were going to enjoy a lovely night of drinking at a local winery. As instructed, I drank a bottle of ZBiotics before any alcohol and I was amazed at how good I felt. The next day, give Zbiotics a try for yourself. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to get 15% off your first order when you use code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Zbiotics for sponsoring this episode.


Let's go. Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors. Y'all links are in the description of the YouTube and the audio. Use the codes, let them know we sent you. I love Policygenius on such like a personal level because it is that impactful. Like it like really affects families. And so I'm happy, so happy they're genuinely a sponsor of the show because it is very helpful and I know a lot of Midas Mighty who actually have used Policygenius from watching the show. So definitely check them out. They've been fantastic sponsor of ours. ZBiotics, I think I mentioned this last week. They're new, they're new, but they're also old. They were one of our first sponsors on the Midas Touch podcast when we first started. They came back around. So show them some love, especially if you like to indulge in a beverage here or there. It's incredibly effective and helpful for, for making sure you're feeling good that next day after drinks.


So click the links. They're fabulous. Brett, how you doing? I gotta love it. Jordy and great job getting those deals for the Midas mighty. All the links are always in the description of our YouTube videos or our podcast, so you could check them out there. I also wanna say to check out, you know, a variety of the YouTube channels across the Midas Touch network. We got Harry Lipman's talking feds channel here directly from a former federal prosecutor, of course Adam Mockler, our great Gen Z correspondent. Go and subscribe to him if you haven't yet. Tennessee Brando doing an incredible job. His channel is growing like crazy. True crime. MTM for all the legal news that are not, do not have to do with the political world.


And of course the new Michael Cohen YouTube channel. Yes, the Michael Cohen show on YouTube. You could check those all out. Jordy. Now I wanna talk about this President first. President Biden's schedule President Biden. People have been saying get out there, shake some hands, you gotta get out there. You gotta show the people that you still got it. And to his credit, he has been packing his schedule here. Just a brief list of the Biden appearances going up to the July 5th. And you could see here that these are a, a, a ton of experiences for those watching. Wow. A Hyatt event in Atlanta. Waffle House in Atlanta. Campaign event in North Carolina.


Remarks in New York. A few campaign events across New York and New Jersey. Remarks on the immunity ruling events in Virginia. Meeting with them, governors Wisconsin. And this weekend he was of course going across Philadelphia. He's really been hitting the trail now. They also just announced some more events by President Biden in the next week or so. More travel announced remarks commemorating the 60th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act in Austin, Texas on the 16th. He's gonna be giving remarks at the NAACP's National Convention in Vegas. And remarks at the Unidos US Annual Conference in Las Vegas as well.


On the 17th. This week President Biden is going to be hosting world leaders at a NATO summit that the United States hosting. That should be a, a big moment for our allies. You know, who I'm sure themselves have their own concerns about things going on in the world, but hey, maybe President Biden will be able to chat with them. Say like, Hey, good job overseas. I got any, got any tips for us over here? I'm 31 and I don't even like to do like long weekends anymore somewhere because I just get is so tired. So seeing that extensive schedule, it's pretty reassuring to me. It's pretty, It's pretty, it's pretty exhausting to me to look at even quite frankly. And By the way, remember Trump for all the talk about the schedules and whatever Trump would work, I think it was reported like three hours a day, right?


he would send out those, his scheduling that the White House would set, his White House would send out would be like, he's taking lots of meetings and doing lots of things and, and, and he would just mark the whole day with executive time, executive time, executive time. Which meant that he was not doing anything. But anyway, let's President Biden, you know, I think one of the things that he said really reassured him was going out and speaking to voters firsthand. And he did that in a big way in Pennsylvania. First I wanna show you his visit to Mount Airy Church of God in Christ in Philadelphia. Compare this to Donald Trump's visit to a black church in Detroit, which ended up packing with a bunch of kind of MAGA supporters.


So first lemme bring up this picture so you can see the difference in the audiences of each event, I think is important to see that Donald Trump's is a scam and that President Biden's is actual real support from the black community. Here is this picture right here, which says it all on the right, you have Trump's event and you literally see just all the white Trump supporters who were wearing MAGA hats and red and, and were brought in. You know, he basically rented out the space from this church, which By the way has been embroiled in a lot of its own kind of legal drama that pastor who had sold it him a much different view than, you know, what we saw at the Biden event.


And I'll, I'll play you some, you know, B roll right now also of the crowd at Biden's event in Philadelphia. Just so you get a sense of it. I mean, this is, you know, joyful, you know, real people, real supporters. None of that bs none of that gaslighting that Trump does at any of his events. And I listened to the sermons and what people were saying. It was so hopeful and it was about positivity and it was about love. Thy neighbor, look over to the person next to you. It, it, it was such a contrast. The stuff that we hear in a lot of these Trump speeches and all of these Trump speeches, which are so negative no matter where he is. And I, so I thought, you know what I'm gonna do?


President Biden gave some great words at this church. I'm gonna take just one portion of Biden speech, like literally I'm not even going to like take a bunch of different, let me take this one portion of Biden's speech, which I thought was powerful. Let me contrast that with the moments of Donald Trump and his way of that he feels like he should be courting black voters. This was the compilation that I put together. I've always felt the power of your faith in good times and in tough times. The fact is, the scripture says all things work together for good. To those who love God are in our called according to his purpose.


Our purpose is to serve others. That's our purpose. To know everyone entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. To know faith without works is dead. Dead. And then I got indicted a second time and a third time and a fourth time. And a lot of people said that that's why the black people like me, 'cause they have been hurt so badly and discriminated against and they actually viewed me as I'm being discriminated against. It's, it's been pretty amazing. We're all called to be doers of the world in this nation. That means keeping our eyes on the North star, the very idea of America that we're all created equal an image of God and deserved retreated with dignity and respect our entire lives.


We've All seen the mugshot and you know, who embraced it more than anybody else? The black population. It's incredible. You see black people walking around with my mugshot, you know, they do shirts and they sell 'em for $19 a piece. We've never fully lived up to that, but we've never fully walked away from it either. And that's because of you and generations before you who led the church from slavery to freedom, always praying, always believing the joy cometh in the morning. You've never given up. I I won't say it because I don't like using the word bullshit in front of these beautiful children.


So I won't say it, I will not say it. But this thing allows millions of people My life. And as your president, I've tried to walk my faith to get us through the pandemic, acclaim a million loved ones and left 8 million people with an empty chair at dinner or breakfast because of someone they lost. To ensure that the economy has the lowest black unemployment and more black small businesses in decades to rebuild and ensure black America has a peace of mind that comes with healthcare for everybody.


Thank you very much. That's where I like those teeth. I want to find out where you did, I gotta get my teeth like that To ensure you can follow your dreams without the burden of student debt. To make housing affordable, help more black families build wealth and pass it on to future generation. To keep our community safe by getting weapons of war off our streets to give hate, no safe harbor. These lights are so bright in my eyes that I can't see too many people out there, but I can only see the black ones.


I can't see any white ones. You See, well there are those who want to erase history. Common eye. Wanna make it because black history is American history. Would you rather have the black president or the white president who got 1.7 billion off the price? I think they want the white guy right now. Of course there's more to do to deliver jobs. I justice. There's more to do. But above all, we need to protect our rights, the rights of all Americans to make sure democracy works for you folks.


I know with every fiber in my being, I know I won't look like I'm 40 years old, but I've been around a little bit. The bishop I were talking about that it's heck turned 40. Well, all kidding aside, you know, I've been doing this a long time and I, honest to God have never more optimistic about America's future. If we stick together, I really mean it. At the end there, there was a video of Trump hawking, his very expensive sneakers that he said that him and Fox bragged about. That's why black voters will vote for him. I mean, the whole thing is so offensive to, to quote President Biden from his interview with Morning Joe this morning.


Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? You could watch that. And it's even a contest. This is even a close call. Give me a to quote to quote Biden again. Give me a break, right? Give me a break. And like I said, that was one moment of Biden's speech and I thought that comparison and that that contrast was, was powerful. And for those asking, yes it is. It's on our social media, it's on our Twitter account, it's on our Instagram, our TikTok or Facebook, all that. So all At Midas Touch, You can check it and find all at Midas Touch. Follow. Make sure you could share, share that video. Jarring. Brad, that was a great, that was a great video. I mean, I know your editing skills are very good, but that seemed like a very simple, just here's Biden speaking, here's Donald Trump speaking.


I mean, quite literally, like drastically different speeches. Very, very, very simple, very simple edit. IIII will say President Biden, you know, spoke about other, you know, issues too. And, and you see in The contrast just the difference in values that these people have. President Biden was out there and he was talking about how important it is to bring back dignity again. And I wanted to show you that moment 'cause it was particularly powerful. But from a a, a different moment in that speech, I believe when I ran the first time for president, I said something basic.


I said, we have to bring back dignity and hope in America, number one. Number two, we have to give working class and middle class people like the family. I came from a shot and build a economy from the middle out and the bottom up, not the top down. And thirdly, we must unite America again. That's my goal. That's what we're gonna do. God bless you All. I wanna show you also Bishop Felton at that church who came out to bat for President Biden and was asking a question that I think is on a lot of folks' minds to be honest. Let's understand something, I don't know why it is that you want to make an issue of the president and his condition with stammering and not being able at certain times to bring forth words while another person lies fluently and you never challenged his lives.


It's, it's just a much different event and a much different reaction than the events that we've seen Donald Trump hold. Where everything that he does is a complete scam. And I think after all this, as President Biden powers through you all the controversies, you know, and I would say this, nobody knows what's going to happen. Ultimately, nobody knows what decisions will affect what nobody here is psychic. But I think it's important that no matter what, that we're all there defending democracy and that we try not to consistently tear each other down because the stakes are just too damn high, quite frankly. And I think all of us need to acknowledge that at minimum, I saw a post from the account angry staffer, which is, I think it was like a staffer in the Trump administration who would like post messages anonymously.


This is what he had to say. And I think I thought it was a good thought, good level-headed, thought on kind of what's happening right now. And he said, I think everyone needs to take a step back, breathe and think about the reality we're in. We're all on the same side here. We all have the same goal. Yes, we may have different ideas for how to get there, but we all want the same thing. Trumpism has to be defeated. Project 2025 can't be allowed anywhere near the corridors of power. We have to stop fighting amongst ourselves and keep our eyes on the prize. If Biden stays in the race as it appears he will, he can and will be it Donald Trump, again with our help, if Biden decides to leave the race, Kamala Harris can and will beat Donald Trump with our help.


The situation is politically complicated, but it's also fundamentally very easy. Our job doesn't change, our goals don't change. We're going to follow the uk, we're going to follow France, we're going to defeat authoritarianism. I think that is wow, the perfect tone. And, and I would say probably echoes, you know, my, my views 99, if not a hundred percent. And speaking of Kamala Harris, she was at the Essence Festival over the weekend, speaking in front of a packed house. Got like a, a rockstar welcome. I, I should have a picture of it. I wanna pull up just to show you how big this crowd was when VP Harris was speaking, and I wanna show you a bit of her speech as well.


When she was speaking, she was talking about the media kind of disregarding the true threats and Vice President Harris is making clear the threats to our country and that they need to be paid attention to. Sadly the press has not been covering it as much as they should in proportion to the seriousness of what just happened. When the United States Supreme Court essentially told this individual who has been convicted of 34 felonies, that he will be immune from essentially the activity he has told us he is prepared to engage in if he gets back into the White House.


Understand what we all know in 122 days. We each have the power to decide what kind of country we want to live in, understand what we know when there has been a full on intentional attack against hard thought, hard won freedoms and rights. When I talk about the family that raised me, yes, they took me in a stroller as they were marching and shouting for justice, knowing that justice will not be achieved unless we are prepared to march and shout and fight for it. And one of the ways we do that is through our Vote. Like I said, I am glad that there is a renewed spotlight on Vice President Kamala Harris.


I think she is an incredibly effective communicator and she's quite frankly been doing this the entire presidency. And it just like these things haven't been picked up on. And you know, one of the weird kind of silver linings thing that we mentioned earlier on the show is that because the press is just hoping now that Biden stumbles and that, you know, it's a disaster and that everyone continues to cause chaos and, and turn on each other, they're covering at all the events now. At least a, a lot more of them. Not all of them, but they're covering a lot more of them. So at least folks are being able to see this stuff for themselves now in more ways, at least Vice President Harris is actually getting to be seen speaking to the American people, at least Biden speeches in full and not on these clipped, deceptive clips are being seen by people.


And I just think that's important. I Think it's brought out, Brett, to your point exactly, I think this is brought out like another energy, another energy from President Biden, another level of energy from VP Harris. Another level of energy, frankly from the electorate who is like all in PAC committed. We're, we're going, we're going with this and, and we're gonna win. That's the mentality that we need as we sprint through November right now is everybody's eyes on the prize and let's do this damn thing. And so that's been another reassuring thing about this moment. Yeah, I think, you know, I think Biden, I think VP Harris, I think voters, I think folks are really starting to, it's a big wake up call in a lot of ways. And I think folks are seeing this as very much a do or die moment.


And so, you know, I think despite what anybody, you know, as contrasting beliefs, you know, and hey, we have hosts on our own network who don't agree with us, that's fine. People are allowed to have their own opinions. Like, like I, I don't require that everybody share the opinions of us. And if you agree with us 100% of the time, maybe that's not a good thing, right? Disagreement is healthy, disagreement is good, but I think we all need to continue to commit ourselves to fighting for democracy no matter where the chips may fall. Some of the things, the media, it doesn't quite show because they're more behind the scenes moments. Although they certainly demand that Biden does this and he does do it everywhere he goes, Biden's just shaking hands with voters, Biden having these interactions with voters.


And you could tell that that was a big calculus of Biden saying why he was staying in that. I've met with voters, I've seen their enthusiasm firsthand. So don't guess like me, I've seen the actual base of our party and the base of our party are not democratic big money donors. They are, they're not pundits and they're not New York Times reporters. They are the people on the ground in the towns and the cities that I shake hands with at these events. So here's President Biden in Pennsylvania, they shake some hands well after given a speech in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, here's some more pictures of folks at Harrisburg in Harrisburg showing their support. And I think the show of support by the true grassroots of that party, I know it's gotta be very meaningful to Biden and I think it should send a message to other folks, you know, if, if that base of the party is behind them, you know, I I I think you need to take their feelings into account and you can't push them aside.


That's all I I'm really gonna say about that. I wanna talk to you because it's a very important that we stay laser focused on the threats to the country that we stay very focused on the data, that we stay very focused on the issues and not the gossip. That's what I wanna make sure that the show remains a place for the issues, not the gossip. So I wanna speak a bit more about Project 2025. I wanna speak a bit more about some of these deceptive groups that are trying to destroy our climate with Donald Trump's help. And this is some really shady stuff that our research has uncovered. And it's very important that you hear about this. And I want to tell you more about positive news about the economy that has been going under reported as a result of the constant talking about the gossip.


So we're gonna get to all that and more. This is our last break, so make sure you do not go anywhere.


I've been trying to lead a heart healthy lifestyle, but finding the energy to keep up with healthy changes like getting my steps in, it's been an uphill battle. We often think living a more heart healthy life means making big unsustainable changes. Well, with SuperBeets Heart Chew, you can get daily blood pressure support in just two tasty chews a day. And they even promote heart healthy energy. Without the stimulants paired with a healthy lifestyle, the antioxidants and super beets are clinically shown to be nearly two times more effective at promoting normal blood pressure than a healthy lifestyle alone. My energy levels are higher than ever now without typical dips from coffee and energy drinks. It's fantastic to support my blood pressure and still have the energy for more physical activity. It's a win-win. Double your potential with super Beats hard shoes. Get a free thirty day supply of super beats hard shoes on all bundles. And 15% off your first order by going to get super beats.com and use code Midas. That's get super BEET s.com code Midas


Bond charge. It's a holistic wellness brand with a huge range of evidence-based products to optimize your life in every way. Founded on science and inspired by nature, all bond charge products adopt ancestral ways of living in our modern day world. Their extensive range of premium wellness products help you sleep better, perform better, have more energy, recover faster balance hormones, reduce inflammation. The list is endless. From blue light glasses and infrared saunas to red light therapy to EMF management and circadian friendly lighting. Bon Charge products help you naturally address the issues of our modern day way of life effortlessly and with maximum impact. My new favorite product from Bon Charge is their red light face mask. I have been noticing some wrinkles and blemishes recently, but then I started to use the bond charge red light face mask. And I have to say, this is amazing. Red light therapy has been reviewed in over 4,000 peer reviewed studies with 400 plus being double blind placebo trials. Not only do these studies have amazing health benefits, not one has shown any negative side effects. I use the red light face mask for 10 to 20 minutes each day. It's super lightweight on the face and it doesn't get so hot. I'm able to use it while watching TV or doing chores around the house. The one year warranty and sleek design and zero EMF radiation had me feeling great. It's nice and easy to use while watching tv, cooking a meal, putting the kids to bed, et cetera. Since using the red light face masks from Bon Charge, I have seen a notable difference in the fine lines and wrinkles on my face. I have a younger looking skin, less breakouts, and my skin is glowing. Bond charge ships worldwide in rapid time and is trusted by leading health professionals worldwide. Their customer service is great with easy returns and exchanges. Plus they have a 12 month warranty on all red light therapy devices. Bon Charge also has other amazing products such as low blue light bulbs, blue light glasses, EMF protection products, infrared sauna blankets, and 100% blackout sleep masks. All backed by science bond charge products are all H-S-A-F-S-A eligible giving you tax-free savings of up to 40%. So go to Bon Charge dot com and use our coupon code Midas to save 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G e.com. And use coupon code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to save 15%.


Thanks Bon. Charge, Let's go. Shout out super beats. Shout out Bon, Charge. I was FaceTiming with Ben the other day, Brett, and he had the Bon Charge, he had the light mask on, he was loving it. He says nothing but good things about it. So definitely check that out. Use the code Midas, use the hyperlinks. Super beats fantastic too. I love those chews. They're, they're good. Definitely hit those up as well. I feel better taking them. So I'm sure you will too. Links in the description of the audio and the YouTube. Use our codes and let's do this thing thing. Brett, real quick before we move on, I just have a quick question for you. So it's like Vice President Harris has had President Biden's back, you know, through this entire ordeal, right?


These last couple weeks, days or whatnot. But like former President Trump, Donald Trump, Bret, where's his former vice president? He's not Chris Vice president. Why isn't the media asking where Trump's former vice president is? Because it could, could it be the fact, fact? I think he j think he just doesn. I just think he doesn't feel like hanging, you know, with Trump hanging out with Trump. Yeah. Hanging out with of course. Yeah. Hanging, hanging, hanging out with Trump anymore because I don't know what, I dunno What thought. I think there's some bad blood between the two these days. Yeah, yeah. I, I don't know. I don't, I I don't understand your reaction, but we, we can move fast. I I, I wanna give a huge shout out to thanks to our sponsors and I wanna see, Ben doesn't let us make the jokes like that, so No, he Doesn't.


Well, I gotta say I'm not seeing as many hashtag free Bens as we see free jordy's when you're, when you're not here. I'm just, just, just saying shout, shout out to our great sponsors. I wanna give a huge shout out to the team behind the scenes here at Midas who makes this all possible. I don't wanna give a huge shout out to the moderators. We obviously have a big subscriber base and we are marching to 3 million. It is not an easy task whatsoever to moderate these live chat feeds. So I want to give a huge, huge, huge thank you to the moderators who are putting in their time, because that allows us to focus on the very important stuff of telling people about the pressing issues of the day and of the era.


And perhaps one of the most important issues right now that I think we all need to be focused on is Project 2025. Now Donald Trump likes to, now he's trying to distance himself from Project 2025. He says he doesn't know anything about it or anyone involved except it's run by Trump. People like, like mostly Trump people, they literally say that their goals are to quote, and I'm quoting institutionalized Trumpism. That's literally what they say. And here are just a few of the Trump officials that are behind Project 2025, Ben Carson, Ken Cuccinelli, Peter Navarro, Russ Voight, John McIntee, gene Hamilton, ed Corrigan, Wesley Dentin, troop Hemenway, Brooke Rollins, James Shirk, Mark Meadows, Andrew Closter, the director of Project 25.


Paul Dans also worked for Trump as a top aide and Trump's top aide, also a peer in the project 20 20 25 videos about implementing Project 2025. And here are the receipts. We found 'em, they may have had these videos unlisted on their YouTube channel, but we found them, you see on the left, Steven Miller project 2025 Presidential Administration Academy. That's the video on the Heritage Foundations page that he participated in. And then we also see a part of the video, Carolyn Levitt, who is Donald Trump's press secretary. So Donald Trump is trying to Coffee boy project 2025.


I don't know anything about it. I don't know any of the people. This is just a coffee boy. Well, your, your people are literally all over it. And this thing that you call Agenda 47 is project 2025 with another name. So do not try to gaslight us. We know. And let me tell you just a few of the things. We have a little graphic to sum up some of the things that is going on with Project 2025. It's basically a Trumpian wishlist of all the most horrible things you know about Donald Trump that they want to implement if they get the power. So here's a brief list. They want to purge the government of thousands of civil servants and replace them with unqualified far-right mag loyalists. They want to send the Justice Department to prosecute Trump's political enemies, pardon violent January 6th criminal insurrectionists pack the Supreme Court and lower courts with MAGA extremists enact a national abortion ban, restrict IVF access, reduce the FDA's approval of abortion medication, remove mentions of abortion and reproductive health through a agency materials, reverse President Biden's student debt forgiveness, reinstate student debt on millions of Americans.


Give tax handouts to the ultra wealthy and big corporations. Eliminate union and worker protections. Cut social security, raise retirement age, cut and privatize Medicare. Rip away healthcare from tens of millions of Americans. Remove protections from preexisting conditions. Repeal President Biden's law that allows Medicare to negotiate lower drug prices, abolish the Department of Education, implement and expand book bans. Go after marriage quality repeal anti-discrimination protections for lgbtq plus students. Reinstate trump's transgender military ban and expelled transgender service members and climate protection and gut clean energy programs withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord repeal the Inflation Reduction Act. President Biden's Landmark climate Law replace climate advisors with fossil fuel lobbyists, deregulate big corporations and the oil industry.


Send the US military after anti-Trump protests, put immigrants in mass detention camps. Rip immigrant children from the arms of their mothers reinstate and expand Trump's Muslim ban. And much more. Like I said, that is just a brief overview of Project 2025 and By. the way many of those same things are in agenda 47 that they try to position as something that's different. It is truly not different. And something I also wanna focus on with Project 2025 is as Trump tries to deny it, is the effect that Project 2025 and their plans will have on the climate. Now, we spoke briefly about in that list, we mentioned a few of their plans to roll back all the progress that Biden has made on the climate.


And President Biden doesn't get nearly enough credit that he is like the single most effective president has enacted the most comprehensive environmental agenda out of any president, quite literally in history through the various bills. Like there's never been a president that has made more progress on this issue than Biden and Trump Project 2025. They wanna take all those gains, they wanna roll it all black, roll it all back. And we know by now we see the news about these hurricanes and these storms and everything, climate change. There's increased incidents of extreme weather across the country. I mean, I don't think anybody could at least deny that we're experiencing a lot more extreme weather now than we used to.


But here's the thing that you need to look out for. And when we started digging into this research, like it was quite horrifying to me that you know, there are all these plans that President Biden has enacted and other plans that he wants to enact to protect the environment, to slow down this extreme weather, to actually make a big difference in the climate space. And then there's all this big money and all these groups out there that are trying to do everything possible to reverse that progress. And it's not only that they're doing that because we know that they do that, right, but the nefarious ways in which they are doing that, they are all a bunch of these groups that many of them are tied to Trump that create names.


They pose as if they are grassroots organizations fighting to protect the climate when they are actually being funded by big oil, big gas, in order to give everything possible to big gas by making people afraid of clean energy alternatives. There's so much money being poured into this. And I'll give you an example. Lemme just read for a second from some of the research we compiled. So a dozen of groups across the country, many purporting to be grassroots organizations are linked to the fossil fuel industry. Nonprofits tied to oil and gas and other fossil fuel interests gave at least $19 million, 389,552 to groups opposing clean energy initiatives nationwide.


Over 70% came from the Charles Koch Foundation and the Charles Koch Institute, which funneled $14.3 million to these groups. Oil companies, including Phillips 66, Conoco Phillips and Occidental Petroleum and other corporations tied to fossil fuels gave at least one point around $1.4 million to groups that opposed clean energy. And here's where it gets more devious. I want you to listen to the names of these organizations. They purport to be like environmental organizations. They're actually doing the opposite. So beyond the funding, there are links to these specific groups and corporate polluters. There are these anti wind groups. You know how Trump always talks about wind, wind, what happens if it stops?


The wind stops, you're gonna lose our electricity. It's all tied together, right? They have these two coalitions, the Save Right Whales Coalition, and the American Coalition for Ocean Protection. The Save Right Whales Coalition was co-founded by Lisa Lenos, a senior fellow at the Texas Public Policy Foundation, which is a fossil fuel think tank. She was also a member of the VER Advisory Council for the Institute of Energy Research, a close ally of the Trump administration that has received millions from the Koch network and the oil and gas industry. The American Coalition for Ocean Protection is a project of the Caesar Rodney Institute, which has received funding from the American Fuel and petrochemical manufacturers and is a member of the state policy network and receives money from Koch Network Foundations.


Are you seeing a pattern here? Are you seeing their strategies? The coalition founder, David T. Stevenson was also a policy director at the Caesar Rodney Institute. He was a Trump advisor who previously worked at DuPont, a chemical company that is a member of the American Fuel and petrochemical manufacturers. And that is just the tip of the iceberg. Like I could go way more in depth, but I think you get the point. And a lot of these groups are connected to Trump, like the American Coalition for Ocean Protection. It's an umbrella organization for several of these anti win groups was founded by a former Trump advisor Wind Action, a New Hampshire based anti win group was led by that. Lisa Leno, who was a close ally of the Trump administration.


And I could go on and on and on and on. Affordable energy for New Jersey, a product of the Consumer Energy Alliance Alliance, an oil and gas front group led by Michael Wadley, who's Michael Wa Wadley, a former oil lobbyist who was literally the co-chair of the RNC along with Laura Trump. Something else to note in how this connects to project 20 25, 55 of the groups involved in Project 2025 have received more than $50 million from the oil and gas industry and its allies since 2020. So when you see this pushback and you're like, how could Trump be making such ridiculous state of wind? Look, what are you, what are you talking about? It's cost of all the money behind it.


That is why. And President Biden, quite frankly, scares these big money interests. He scares the big money interest, he scares the big money interest in oil and gas. And that's why there is such a forceful pushback to him on everything he does. That's why throughout his whole presidency, there's been such a pushback, especially from kind of media, elite types, big money types, right? With corporate billionaires funding them. And that's why it's such an honor to me, you know, that we're able to fund this network, quite frankly, on the grassroots level. Like there's really quite literally nothing like it. And it's certainly not the greatest business model in the world as we joke around. But this is funded by you guys doing the emojis in the chat, right?


Doing the super chats on YouTube. It's funded of course, in part by our great pro-democracy sponsors. It's funded by the folks who go on Patreon and subscribe to our patreon@patreon.com slash Midas Touch and become members. That's how we survive, that's how we thrive, and that's what allows us to always be independent to ourselves and not have anything dictated to us by these outside interests. So thank you for keeping that all possible. Another story that has been real quick, Fred, I just wanted to emphasize that's some excellent research that you did there on, on climate. And I'm glad that we're talking about climate more on this show because it's crucial. It, it's vital for the future of not just our country, but frankly the world.


That we get this and we get this right as soon as possible. One of the things I hope to see, at least in the next debate if it happens, is they gotta talk about climate. Like I, I, I wanna see Trump put on the ropes and just ask, do you believe Climate, climate climate change 2025? Like all, yeah, Yeah, project 2025. Like, like where do you stand on these core issues and just let him speak. You know, just, just let him defend these indefensible positions in which he holds. So I'm glad we're talking about climate on this podcast, and I know our view. I see it in the chat right now. I know our viewers are glad that we're talking about it as well. I, I, I, I agree, Jay, this the stakes are just too high and it's existential literally in the climate then and for so many other reasons.


I wanna run down some other quick kind of accomplishments recently. Some good news that we've seen on Sunday, over 3 million people were screened at US airports. That's a record for the TSA record travel. Americans are traveling and taking vacations right now at record numbers, which is o often a, a pretty good indicator of how people are feeling about the, the economy and their own kind of personal situation. Travel this year is up 6% July 4th. Gas prices hit their lowest level in three years. They now average nationally around $3 and 49 cents, give or take The June jobs numbers again, exceeded expectations. Like how many times do we get to report on that? Like every month, 206,000 new jobs bringing Biden's total new job total to 15.7 million new jobs, jobs are far above pre pandemic levels.


They're far outpacing even the job growth from before the pandemic. And I wanted to highlight this story, which, you know, out of their 200 plus stories on, on Biden, and if you should drop out or not, the New York Times did highlight one story that is worth bringing to your attention here. And it's about America's left behind counties and it's of course framed in the most New York Timesy way on the planet. But the information here is important. Here's what they said, A remarkable comeback is what the title was. Subheader. This is the kind of thing that we couldn't have even dreamed about five or six years ago. One expert said about the changes and they said in a post, America's left behind counties have just notched their best three year stretch of job in business creation so far this century.


And nobody saw it coming. Well, once again, going back to what Biden said, I think Biden saw it coming. I think that's why he implemented the policies, right? I think we saw it coming on the Midas Touch network. I think these are kind of things that we've been speaking about. So if so many things keep happening that nobody saw it coming, then maybe just maybe like a little bit be like maybe we're not actually right about everything, you know? That's all, all all I'm saying. I'll read you a little bit of this as well. America's so-called Left Behind Counties. The once great manufacturing centers in other distressed places that struggled mightily at the start of the coun century have stage a remarkable comeback in the last three years. They've added jobs and new businesses at their fastest pace since Bill Clinton was president.


This turnaround has shocked experts. This is the kind of thing that we couldn't have even dreamed about five or six years ago, said John Lari, the president of the Economic Innovation Group, a think tank that studies economic distress in the us his group is releasing a report that details the recovery of left behind counties. The times continues, these counties span the nation, but are largely concentrated in the Southeast and Midwest. And they say in their newsletter, they'll explain how they defied recent trends, particularly a grim stretch under Donald Trump to rebound so strongly from the pandemic recession. And he'll also show why that this will probably not help President Biden. Like, it's like literally how they, how they finish that wrap up in the beginning and just so crazy.


But good news for the people, good news for the economy. And that's what we're doing. And you know, we got now folks about 120, a little less than 120 days till election day. It's real. It's on, right? And if anything, I hope that the last week or so has woken you up, woken you up to the gravity of the situation, to the stakes of the situation. And I actually continue to feel quite optimistic. I'm optimistic when I look overseas and I see democracy winning. I'm optimistic when I see those grassroots supporters out there in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin rallying and understanding that this is a bout more than any one person and that they are in it to win it. And I think all of us need to remain optimistic in this fight for our democracy.


I think it is absolutely essential, essentially essential. And remember that fascism thrives on demoralizing you, right? I mean, that's one of the big te tenets of fascism. They want that 30% to win. They want that lap pen, 30%, right? They want to so demoralize the rest of us, and so fracture the pro-Democracy Coalition so that they could win with a 30% of the vote. It's up to us to make sure that that doesn't happen, right? And so that involves us putting in the work. It involves us staying focused on the issues, not getting caught up in petty va petty battles and continuing to fight on and try to hang on to hope and optimism because I have no doubt about the power of this community and frankly, the power of this community.


In light of all this corporate media coverage that we have seen in the past week or so, it shows you why this community is so important, why you all are so important. And we thank you for that. Thank you so much for joining us today on the Midas Touch Podcast. Remember to follow us on all of our various social media platforms at Midas Touch. We're just about, basically everywhere you are, Instagram, TikTok, Facebook, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, you, you know it all. If you like our show, if you like the network, you could support us, but no pressure, of course could support us on patreon.com/ Midas Touch patreon.com/ Midas Touch. It really helps a lot.


You could support our sponsors at the link below in the description. And Jordy, you got anything to add? That's all I got. B, all I wanna say is shout out to the, It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network. The film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben my, and this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement.


It premiers in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to Against All Enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch Against All Enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.