
Let me show you what Donald Trump directed the Magar Republicans like Jim Jordan and James Comer in the House of Representatives to do, and this is some authoritarian level stuff that I never thought we'd see in the United States of America. So Donald Trump ordered Magar Republican Jim Jordan in the house in James Comer to send a subpoena to Justice Han's daughter Lauren Merchan. Now we know that the sentencing of Donald Trump is scheduled for September 18th. As of now, Donald Trump filed a removal to federal court to try to derail the September 18th sentencing date, and we'll let you know if there's any updates here and things are moving quickly.


So I wouldn't be shocked if even as you're seeing this video, there's an update there. I just wanna flag that. So one of the ways Donald Trump is trying to derail it is by attacking Justice Han's daughter asking Jordan and Comer to subpoena her. They sent a subpoena to Lauren Marshan, the daughter of Justice Marshan. So here's the letter from this past week where Jim Jordan and James Comer send that subpoena to Lauren Han. You can see the subpoena right here, compelling her to turn over records and potentially even show up to the Judiciary Committee on September 13th, 2024 at 9:00 AM You see the subpoena Wright there and I wanna let you know like why are they doing this one to harass the judge going after judges family members and attack, first off, attacking judges like when I graduated from law school in 2010 at Georgetown, the idea of attacking judges and the fact that the leader of a political party would do that, it wouldn't never even be a thing that I can imagine here in the United States of America attacking the judge's daughter this way.


Now, one of the reasons this is happening as well is because there is currently a gag order on Donald Trump right now, which is just limited to Donald Trump attacking family members of the court and the District attorney staff and their family members. Trump can do other stuff. So because of that gag order, Trump wants to really cause pain and suffering from the judge and by going after the judge's family members, right? It's the same way that MAGA was going after Governor Wall's son Gus at the Democratic National Convention. And it's a mobster tactic, right? So when Donald Trump praises who he calls the great Alfon cone, the late great Alphons cone, the same way he does late great Hannibal Elector that he liked killing people, those are also threats that are being made and Trump knows what he's doing.


This is my opinion though, to the judges and to their family members as well. And Trump knows that his maga are taking that message as well. So, you know, here's the letter. I mean. We, we can go and go through the letter if we want, but I wanna show you the genesis of how Donald Trump launders this disinformation to attack family members. So he's got his, you know, kind of surrogates in, in, in different types of surrogates. So like he'll use For example, Laura Loomer, who's this right wing extremist who says the most hateful and despicable things to do the dirty work of going after the family members.


And she'll report things like this, like she reported during Trump's criminal trial that Lauren Merchan Justice Han's daughter created a Twitter account or an ex account and had a photo of Donald Trump behind bars in it. Lauren Merchan works in politics. She works for something called Authentic Campaign. She has her own job, she has her own life. It's unrelated to her, her father. She's not a a nepotism kid like Donald Trump's kids who, who are, you know, you know. And so one of the things that Laura Loomer said was that Lauren Marshan created this account with Trump behind bars.


And you see it right there because there was this X account created called Lauren m This is not Lauren Han's account. The court had to actually respond to this thing 'cause of all the death threats and hate saying she's never created this account. This is not hers. You may recall that Trump did this with justice in Goons Wife. Remember that they said there was an ex account that was created and it wasn't really justice in Goons wife, but that was used by Trump to spread this conspiracy that the family members hate him and therefore he can't get a fair shot in front of these very distinguished and, and, and judges who have great reputations.


You know, that one piece of clothing you just can't stop wearing the one that feels like second skin. That's what American Giant is all about. I've got this American Giant classic full zip hoodie. And let me tell you, it's not just a hoodie, it's an experience. The fabric is like nothing else. It's soft, durable, and somehow it gets better with every wash. It's like they've thought of everything from the fit to the feel. And knowing it's made in America by people who care about quality and community, it makes it even better. Look, this hoodie isn't just stylish. It's built to last with custom heavyweight fleece side panels for movement and reinforced elbows. It's the kind of staple you'll reach for again and again, whether you're hitting the gym or just chilling, it's perfect, but it's not just about looking good American Giant's. Commitment to quality means you're investing in pieces that stand the test of time, like their premium slub crew T or their no BS high-rise plant. These aren't just closed, they're crafted to be part of your lives. Ready to upgrade your wardrobe. Head over to American Giant dot com and use the code Midas at checkout for 20% off your first order. That's American Giant A-M-E-R-I-C-A-N-G-I-A-N t.com. And then use the code Midas dress better. Feel better with American Giant. One more time. American Giant dot com. And then use the code Midas for 20% off your first order.


So here's what Laura Loomer says, breaking Judge Han's daughter Lauren Merchan just blocked me on X and locked her account after I exposed her profile picture. That is Trump behind bars. This is not Lauren Marsha's account. Her father is overseeing Trump's hush money trial in New York City, and Lauren herself works for the Biden Harris campaign as a vendor via her company, authentic. It's not her company. She works at Authentic hq. Don't worry Lauren, I archived your entire account and screenshots our forever. You evil bitch. And that's what Trump's surrogate, Laura Loomer says, and Trump praises Laura Loomer for saying things like this, I'll just give you at all of his rallies.


He goes, Loomer, you're doing a great job. You don't want to be loomed. So here's Trump saying you don't want to be loomed at Marla. Go play this clip. We have a lot of great friends and a lot of great people. Laura, how are you? You look so beautiful as always. That's a woman with courage. You don't wanna be, you don't wanna be loomed. If you're lud, you're in deep trouble. That's the end of your career in a sense. Thanks Laura. And here's Donald Trump praising Laura Loomer at one of his traveling Fascist circus. Things that he calls rallies, Play the clip, really Taking the country by storm. Very powerful person, very strong person, very courageous person. A warrior. Laura Loomer.


Laura, where are you? Thank you Laura. Great job. You do. Then Donald Trump starts posting about Judge Marsha's daughter and says, judge Marshan, judge Juan Marshan, who's suffering from an acute case of Trump derangement syndrome, whose daughter represents crooked Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Adam Shifty shift, and other radical liberal liberals has just posted a picture of me behind bars. Her obvious goal and makes a completely impossible for me to get a fair trial has now issued another illegal un-American unconstitutional order. It's wine one, one. It's not Lauren Rashan who posted that, but it starts with Loomer's report. And then Trump's like, oh, well I read this report.


Then Trump would post photos of Laura Loomer and I blocked out a Laura I mean would post photos of Lauren Marshan based off of Laura Loomer and I blocked out Lauren Marsha's face. And then Trump would post, this is a disgrace to our legal system. Judge Marshan should be immediately sanctioned and recused. And this fake case only kept alive by the highly conflicted judge should be completely dismissed right away. There is no case. and he just posts photos of the judge's daughter to harass her and to harass the judge. And then he calls his other surrogates. So like here you have Eric Trump repeating the false claim that Marshawn's daughter has pictures of Trump behind bars, play this clip.


And his daughter is reportedly making millions and millions of dollars and reportedly has a, a screenshot on her, you know, social profiles of my father behind bars. and he won't recuse himself after voting to stop Republicans Again. Totally false. And then before JD Vance was selected as Trump's running mate, JD Vance would go on and, and do this for Trump. It's one of the reasons he was picked Here, play this clip. We have to be willing to fight back. We need to be subpoenaing Judge Marshan and his daughter. We need to understand what are the connections betwe between big democratic money and this sham prosecution. Did George Soros ever talk to Alvin Bragg about using his power to go after Donald Trump?


We need to get to the bottom of it. And when we find wrongdoing, we need to be willing to actually punish it. That is the only, again, the only language that I think these people are gonna understand is that if they do this, if they turn the American system of justice. And So Trump does that. And then Donald Trump also makes posts like this, thank you to the great journalists, Charlie Kirk, right? And you know, Charlie Kirk throws those events where they have the signs that say, white boy Summer, Charlie Kirk says that MLK day should be eliminated. and he says that, you know, he says all these horrible things about Martin Luther King. Charlie Kirk says that there shouldn't be black pilots.


And here's Trump saying he's a great journalist and he's empowering them to go out and say these kind of hateful and horrible things. But ultimately then the message is sent based on all of these types of lies, right to Congress. Hey, Jim Jordan. Hey James Comer. We've built a conspiracy. We've generated in our conspiracy lab, Luer and others. Now let's subpoena her. Go after the daughter, spread the lies, defame her, ruin her reputation, go after her, go after the judge's daughter, and then that's the subpoena that gets sent and I showed it to you and it goes. This is a letter from Jim Jordan. On August 1st, 2024, the committee on the judiciary wrote to Lauren Marshan, the president of Authentic Campaigns requesting information and documents to advance the committee's oversight of the Manhattan District Attorney's political prosecution of President Donald Trump.


And so they then weaponize it and say that Congress is doing oversight over a state prosecution. He's someone who's not the president, who they refer to the president here, I mean. Again, it's very, very, very dystopian stuff. They subpoena her. and I just wanna let you know. And so you see the origin of it. Now in connection with that, this is all part of Trump's legal strategy. He also petitioned in an emergency way to federal court to try to get a federal judge to stop the sentencing as well from taking place. So all of this is being coordinated together. and I just wanted to share with you the subpoena that was sent and the origin of where that kind of comes from and how he builds these things.


Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.