
We were so worried they're Eating the dogs, He wasn't making any sense. And People come in, they're eating the cats, And he just kept getting worse. They did dumps, that's what they call them. Dumps. Big, massive dumps. Gross in Michigan and Pennsylvania all over. We had to do something. They'll take the life of the child and the ninth month, even after birth, they'll execute the baby. You sound crazy right now. Then a friend told us there was somewhere he could get the help he so desperately needed, called a place for Trump Person, woman man camera tv.


Now he has round the clock support and can enjoy the things he loves, like eating cheeseburgers and rage posting at 3:00 AM I know Win Mills very much, and they're driving the whales, I think a little bad. Sure. So this November, let's vote to put him in a place for Trump, because we all know he belongs in a home. Just not this one. I have concepts of a plan. Of course You do. That's the new ad from Congress member Eric Swalwell, the Midas Touch Network got the exclusive to release that ad. I think that's one of the most powerful ads, if not the most powerful ad of this political season because it shows that Donald Trump, if he were someone in your family, you would say, this person really needs urgent, urgent help.


Just like you saw there. What I love about Congress member Swalwell during this election season, his ads have been fearless. Like, remember this ad during back to school time in America is what Congressman Swalwell called it. And he was like, would you let your kids around someone who behaves like this? I think just making the message simple like that sticks with me here, watch this. I love you. Have a great day at school. Dictator. On day one, there will have to be some form of punishment for women robes. His wade was terminated. Fire huy blood man. Now get in. You know what honey? I'm gonna drive you today. Besides convicted felons, you can drive school buses.


If you wouldn't trust him with your kid, why would you trust him with your country? You know, I had Congress member Eric Swalwell on the Midas Touch Network. I interviewed him and he said to me, he's like, Ben, if I told you, hey, can you interview my friend for a job? And I gave you Donald Trump's resume, what would you do for someone who couldn't pass a background check was found liable for sexual assault, was found criminally responsible for 34 separate felony counts, stall nuclear secrets. Here, watch what Congress member Swalwell says, play this clip. If, if I called you and I was like, Hey, Ben buddy, I've, I've known you for 20 years and I know you have a growing company.


And I, I was hoping that You would hire a friend of mine in need. You would be like, yeah, sure. What is your friend? What are his qualifications? And I said, well, Benny's a convicted felon. But, but, but it, it's only 34 felonies. And he's a rapist. But, but I think he may be able to help him out. He is only been bankrupt six times. And Ben, I should tell you because it'll probably come out. The last office from which he was fired, he sent his friends to violently storm it. If I told that to like any friend, as people always call and say, Hey, can you consider hiring somebody?


They would look at you and say like, are you crazy? Like, no one's hiring this guy. So like why, why are we gonna hire? And, and so again, it's just so basic and I think we're best when we're basic in our message. So then I go to you, right, Eric, Congressman, look, we're we're friends. I'll, I'll take the phone call. Thanks Ben. So I finally, I take the phone call and then he goes, have you seen Kamala? She's on the cover of Time magazine. I go Hang up I mean, look, the, this speech earlier in the day, he's whining that Vice President, Kamala Harris is on the cover of Time Magazine. Here, play, play this clip Jeremy. And then they decided, To get politically correct, we have to put her in.


They put her in and now they're putting her on the covers of Time Magazine with an artist sketch. They don't use a picture, they don't use a picture. They use an artist sketch. I want to use that artist. I wanna find that artist. I like him very much. So play it out with me, Congressman. So he does that. And then I hang up and then I go, Congressman, this guy, you go Ben, just give him, you say, you say Ben. Give him one more call. I I, say Eric, I'll give him, I'll give him one more call. And then this is what he says to me Here, play this clip. And actually, yeah, she looked very much like a great first lady. Melania. She looked, she looked, didn't look.


Yeah, she didn't look like Camilla. That's right. But of course she's a beautiful woman. So we'll leave it at that, right? Yeah. Not getting hired is how this would go down on any phone call like that in America. And what I love is that Congress member Swalwell is pushing this as well. Throughout the congressional hearings, we've highlighted people like him and a OC and Jared Moskowitz and Jamie Raskin and Representative Garcia and others who have just been incredible during these committee hearings. But here's what congress member Eric Swalwell says about Donald Trump and Maga posting these bizarre images of Donald Trump holding ducks and cats.


Here play this clip. What in the hell is this? The chairman tweets protect our ducks and kittens in Ohio because he goes some down, goes down some crazy rabbit hole, completely debunked that aliens are eating pets. My God. Are you okay, Mr. Chairman? Because last year for a very long time, you tweeted and promoted Kanye West as he was calling for genocide against the Jews. And you kept it up. And now when we have victims coming here, you're tweeting this nonsense, I I.


Don't know why You would do this. I hope you're okay. I don't know if the, the aliens who are eating your ducks are in the room with us right now. And that brings us back to former President Barack Obama's speech that he gave recently in Tucson Arizona, where Obama said, look, if you had a grandpa behaving this way, you'd be very, very worried. Here play this clip. He called himself the father of IVF I. do not know what that means. You do not either.


He said January sixth was a day of love, Do not boo vote. May, may, may January sixth Sound like it was Woodstock. You You would be worried if your grandpa was acting like this. No, no. I'm, I'm not joking. You would, right? No, you'd be, you'd, you'd, you'd, you'd call up your cousins and you'd say, have you noticed? So imagine it coming from a guy who wants to be given unchecked power.


Tucson We do not need to see what an older lunar Donald Trump looks like with no guardrails. We have had enough of arrogance and bumbling and bluster and Division. America's ready to turn the page. We're ready for a better story. We are ready for a President Kamala Harris. One of the things I wanted to highlight as well is George Conway's pack the anti psychopath pack. And they've been doing all of these great ads about Donald Trump's cognitive decline.


Like this one right here that they ran in Palm Beach and Bedminster play this clip. Donald Trump has never ever been right in the Head. The late great Hannibal Lecter is a wonderful man, an anoma, really an anoma. And then they announced there was nobody's no. Take a look at the oranges, the oranges of the investigation. Venezuela, the, it's if you have a windmill anywhere near your house, they say the noise causes cancer. I don't know what I said. They have voter id, they have ID on everything.


You buy a loaf of bread, you have ID the first non-incumbent. The kidney has a very special place in the heart. We appreciate it very much. Tim Apple injection inside or, or almost a cleaner that an illegal ad. Learn more@psychopath.org. Antis psychopath PAC Inc. Is responsible for the content of this advertising. You know, which reminds me of the Midas touch ad that we ran about Donald Trump's steep mental decline. Here's the short that we did play this clip. And my stupid people, when I wanted to refute it, they said, sir, don't dignify it with a refu.


Have you been noticing peculiar behavior recently and someone you know Carried by Someone who mixes fiction and reality? The late great Hannibal Lecter is a wonderful man, perhaps Someone of advanced age you have known for years. Did you just see Maduro Venezuela? Although it's a unbelievable Venezuelan, Of course we all have our goofs. But consistently odd behavior can be a sign of frontotemporal dementia, a degenerative disease of the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain that dramatically impairs cognitive function. And there are some key signs to look out for, like slurring words. The Failing New York Times by anonymous, really an anonymous Struggling to find the correct words is another sign.


The Mueller report I wish covered the oranges, the oranges, the oranges of the investigation. You May also notice someone veering into incoherent ideas detached from reality. You Know what I'd do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted. I'll take electrocution every single time. I'm not getting near the shark Or an inability to complete simple sentences. Saudi Arabia and Russia. We'll repeat. Other notable symptoms include impaired motor function such as a wavering limb and decreased balance, often accompanied by a signature lien or arched stance.


If someone you know is demonstrating several or all of these symptoms, they are seriously unwell as a matter of safety. They must be relieved of critical responsibilities and disqualified from any position of authority. Remember, frontotemporal dementia is a degenerative disease. Cognitive function will never return and will only deteriorate further. Don't ignore the signs.


How closely do you track your bank statements and credit card transactions? I honestly don't have time to do it as much as I'd like, but Rocket Money makes it so much quicker and easier to stay on top of my finances. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money you can see all of your checking, savings, credit cards and investments in one convenient place, allowing you to understand your spending trends. Rocket Money can help you set up a custom budget by identifying top spending categories and suggesting areas where you could adjust your spending habits. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you when you're close to going over budget so you can save more and spend less. Maybe you wanna spend less on dining out or on new clothes. Rocket Money will give you the keys to easily make those decisions. They also have a goals feature that automatically saves money for you. So you don't even have to think about it. Whether your goal is to pay off your credit card debt, set away money for a house, or simply save you money, rocket Money makes it easy. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. Sometimes by up to 20% saving money on a cell phone or cable bill and not having to deal with customer service yourself. A dream come true. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members and has saved its users over $1 billion with a B across all of the apps features. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get rocket money today@rocketmoney.com slash midas touch. That's rocket money.com/midas. Touch rocket money.com/midas touch.


And one of the things that we pointed out as well is here are three minutes straight of Donald Trump confusing and forgetting people's names. So you see the issues that he has play this clip. I think he should take a cognitive test like I did. I took a cognitive test and I aced him. Doc Ronnie, doc Ronnie Johnson. Does everyone know Ronnie Johnson? Congressman from Texas, he was the White House doctor. How good did Elise step in that game? You know, we've endorsed Dr. Oz, we've endorsed jp, right? JD Mandel and he's doing great. Jimmy Connors is Jimmy.


Jimmy Connors is good, he's are also happy. Mike Bolton. John Bolton is here. Mike Bolton, as you know, is in Russia and there was progress today. I look forward to solving it. Thank you Steve. It was Trump's fault. It's always Trump's fault. Can it ever be like Rick Gates's fault? I mean it's always Trump's fault, Rick, by the way, they never report the crowd on January 6th. You know, Nikki Haley, Nikki Haley, Nikki Haley, you know they did. You know, they destroyed all of the information, all of the evidence, everything deleted and destroyed all of it. All of it. Because of lots of things like Nikki Haley is in charge of security. We offered her 10,000 people.


We have some of our great business leaders and leaders. Period right behind me. I may ask Marilyn Lockheed, we appreciate it very much. Tim Apple. Yes please, Mr. Kurt, thank you very much for your time. You know what was interesting? Joe Biden won against Barack Hussein Obama. Has anyone ever heard of him arrest their leading political opponent leading by a lot, including Obama? I'll tell you what, you take a look at Obama and take a look at some of the things that he's done and Putin, you know, has so little respect for Obama that he's starting to throw around the nuclear war. You heard that Nuclear. Thanks for giving your first comments on the bill on this show.


Means a lot to us. We appreciate it sir. Thanks a lot. You have a deal. Thanks a lot. Bye Joe Bright. This guy is just the worst. So will Christian ever run for president against you? And you heard the Prime Minister, you heard be maybe have Matt Blum speak next because he's been so incredible in so many ways. He fights so hard. He loves his state, he loves the people. A new think of it, a new branch of the United States military, United States, armed forces called Air Force. I never talked about that. That's something we never talked about. But what we just saw, we just left pleasure. A very big hello to a place where we've done very well.


Sioux Falls, thank you very much. Sioux Falls, Thank you. UX City. Oh it's So Sioux City. Let me ask you. And the worst president in the history of our country who is cognitively impaired. We would be in World War ii very quickly. The worst president in the history of our country will be a fading nightmare. He'll be a fading. I have fading memory. And then finally, I think, you know, you take a look at everything Congress member Swalwell did with those incredible ads.


But here's I think an incredible moment from the Lincoln project. They've been pitch perfect again I think this election season. And here's what they say. They say this election is only two weeks away and the women in your life are counting on you to be a man, protect the freedom of your daughters, sisters, mothers and wives. Vote Harrison Walls. And as someone who just became a father, this ad made me cry. I want you to watch it. Let's play it. I don't want you ever to have to worry if you think something's wrong. I, I don't want you to worry.


You'd have to see a doctor I don't want a doctor to have to worry about seeing you. I want you to have the same freedom that your mom had and I want you to make your own choices without anybody making you feel like you're wrong or making you feel guilty or having anything to say about it. That's what I want. Thanks. Everything else is just trivia On Tuesday, November 5th vote for Harris Walls.


It's too important to stay at home. And another ad I think that gives you this type of perspective as well is this ad that comes out from A-F-L-C-I-O and Dem voice right here, where they show union workers the types of things that Donald Trump is saying about them. And they watch and observe no overtime pay. I'm gonna take away your money. I'm gonna fire you if you strike. I'm I. Don't support the pro act. Be quite literally against everything that union workers are for Play the clip, The states, and they have a little bit, but you know what they really are Assemble it like in South Carolina, but they build everything in Germany and then they assemble it here.


They get away with murder because they say, oh yes, we're building. 'cause they don't build, they take 'em out of a box and they assemble 'em. We could have our child do it. Yeah, I'd like to see him spend five minutes on our assembly line. He would never make it if he knew how hard we worked to put these vehicles together. He, he, he wouldn't even think about saying what he has said. I don't believe that Donald Trump could assume a vehicle. I don't, yeah, I don't think he's intelligent enough that simple. A vehicle. It's that simple. Donald Trump, if you know how to do the job, you can come and join with us and we'll see. You will not be able even to stand up in front of our doors in the UAWA child can do this job if they want carpal tunnel.


A child can do this job if they want knots in their shoulder. A child can do this job. If they can ergonomically pick the heavy boxes up, as they call it. A child can do this job if they can screw guns that's bigger than they are. A child can do this job. If they're here seven days, five days, 10, 12 hours a day, come On out Mr. Trump. I I would be more than happy to teach you my job. Oh, and I should probably play this one. This is from our friend Bradley Whitford right here. And he's speaking right here in Wisconsin in Madison. And he's like, look, what are we even talking about? Donald Trump was found liable for sexual assault.


He's an adjudicated sexual assaulter. Here, play this clip In God's name is happening right now. It turns out that the fakest thing about West Wing was not the veneers on my teeth. It was the fact that we had rational Republicans. Can you imagine if I walked into the writer's room and pitched a character like Donald Trump? Like, okay guys, how about this guy we're running against, he's a 34 count convicted felon, an adjudicated rapist who found some way to declare bankruptcy six times after his daddy gave him almost half a billion dollars.


He, he couldn't even run a casino. He brags about sexual assault. He mocks the disabled. He's a draft dodger who wraps himself in the flag and desecrates the service of our veterans who gave their lives for our country, calling them suckers and losers, A serial philander who claims to represent Christian values while spewing hatred and Division and spends her life violating all 10 commandments.


Like he's playing some sort of twisted bingo game with the devil. A malignant narcissist with a pathological need to tell people how good looking he is, what a vision of manliness he is. As he stands before his cultish supporter supporters slathered in more makeup and more hairspray than a drag queen Dancing incoherently to YMCA and finding a way to weave his love for dictators into a bizarre admiration for Arnold Palmer's junk.


It's bad writing. It would've been laughed out of the room and it would've been insulting to Republicans. But this, this ain't no stinking television show. The stakes have never been higher, You know, which brings me to the types of things that Donald Trump is doing right now at his various events like here where he spends 10, 15 minutes in his final message to the American people talking about Arnold Palmer's penis Play the clip. Oh man, this man was strong and tough and I refuse to say it, but when he took showers with the other pros, they came out of there, they said, oh my God, that's unbelievable.


I had to say it, I had to say it. We have women that are highly sophisticated here, but they used to look at Arnold, this event, but he was real. And hear Donald Trump talking about Harvey Weinstein getting Schlonged here, Play the clip. It's interesting. I I was so amazed that Harvey Weinstein got schlonged. He got hit as hard as you can get hit because he was sort of the king of the walk, right? Yeah. And yet he got hit. And I figured that maybe he wouldn't get hit so hard, but boy did he get, you don't know him. Well, I don't know him. Well I, but I watched that and it was amazing. So what? Come On folks.


Come on folks. You would not hire somebody like that. You would not let someone like that in your house. Come on, America's so much better than this. Make sure you're registered to vote. Please let me know in the comments below if you've helped register others. And if you've early voted, put it in the comments below and let me know that you've encouraged others to early vote. Te, tell me your stories. Did you get lots of family members to early vote who maybe didn't vote before? I really wanna hear your story, so please share them with me. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.