
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet, just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CPG dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to burri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana value Tracker? What else? Oh, It's tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%, vans down 1.7 Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Tracking, Always know your car's worth with Carvana value tracker.


The war between India and Pakistan is intensifying while Donald Trump is posting on social media about his dislike of MSNBC's coverage of his awful tariff war against the world. That's what Donald Trump is doing. If he's even able to stay awake. It looks like he was falling asleep over the past few days in the Oval Office. And when he was handed executive orders, he looked at them and he was like, what am I signing? What? What is this? But as I said at the outset, the war India and Pakistan is intensifying. India missiles are striking in air bases that are increasingly closer to Islamabad.


I mean, they're attacking areas in Pakistan like Lahore, which is the second largest city and one that is fully undisputed. Meanwhile, Pakistan has announced through their state run television that it is launching retaliatory strikes against India. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, so when does the winning start? Wars are still raging in Ukraine and Gaza. A new war has broken out with Indian Pakistan. We're bombing Yemen. We're losing multiple F eighteens over the past month and not getting explanations why we're losing them in the Red Sea. We've had about seven or eight reaper drones shot down by the Houthis.


Our allies and trading partners hate us. Our economic growth is negative. Prices are going up. Iran is close to a nuke. And now you have Stephen Miller and Donald Trump talking about suspending habeas corpus, invoking martial law and not following the Constitution at all if the Supreme Court rules against them. I'll show you that clip in a little bit. But here is a very adult, a very disoriented, a very fatigued Donald Trump getting handed an executive order on Friday, and he literally doesn't know what the hell he's even signing.


He's like, what? What do they do? We're talking about refrigerators or freezers. Here, watch this. Let's play it Next, Mr. President, we have house joint resolution 24. This is the same basic idea, but this relates to walk-in coolers and freezers and and other refrigeration devices. Again, last minute. Biden error regulation that hits ordinary Americans hard workers. And what did they do? They put in increase, sorry, increase the energy efficiency requirements for walk-in coolers and freezers and therefore putting in undue burden on businesses across, I mean, the day before he was sleeping, when he was speaking to the United Kingdom Prime Minister, Keir Starmer, he's, he was falling asleep.


I mean, you don't believe me. I'll show you the tape. Let's play it. Economic security is national security or national security. We've been absolutely the closest of allies for so many years, keeping the peace And the only statement that Donald Trump has made about the raging war now again by two nuclear powers, India and Pakistan. Donald Trump said the other day, oh, they've been fighting for a long time. Maybe this is going on for a long time. And I don't know, hopefully this ends soon. Hopefully this ends. Soons, they all went from blaming former President Biden for literally everything and anything to now as a war rages between two nuclear powers.


Donald Trump says, well hope be to end soon here. Play this clip revenue Reaction to the attacks between India and Pakistan. No, it's a shame. We just heard about it just as we, we were walking in the doors of the oval. Just heard about it. I guess people knew something was gonna happen based on a little bit of the past. They've been fighting for a long time. You know, they've been fighting for many, many decades, message and centuries actually, if you really think about it. No, I just hope it ends very quickly Now as two nuclear powers are at war with each other as war rages. Also Ukraine being unlawfully invaded by Russia.


Russia rejecting Donald Trump's social media posts. Hey, you want to, you want to cut it out like the fourth time Donald Trump said, I'm gonna sanction you Russia if you're being naughty. And Russia's like, yeah, we're just gonna ignore you, your little weak guy. That's basically what they said while Ukraine said, we're good unconditional ceasefire. And Donald Trump's, like, both sides are causing me issues right here. There's also a, a figurative nuclear situation happening with the budget and with the debt ceiling debt limit measures could run out by August. Treasury secretary Scott Bessett says, he says, some of the accounting tricks that he's using right now, currently are not going to be able to work by August.


So that means, as Spencer Ian explains, this tax bill has to be completed by July the latest. We've gone through eight weeks and zero progress has been made on that front. I've been showing you already all of these clips from senators maga, Republican senators like Ron Johnson from Wisconsin saying, no way we ever going to pass this. And so as Hakimian notes, China's going to take it real slow in Switzerland this weekend. Time is on China's side, not ours. So does it shock you that there are shock polls now showing that like rural voters, rural voters, which was kind of Trump's base, only about 40% of rural voters now support Donald Trump. As Trump's approval continues, continues to plummet, because I think we all see it.


This shouldn't be political as Donald Trump lies and claims that there's no inflation, as he lies and claims gas is a dollar 98, as he lies and claims everybody in America's rich now, he says, we're all doing great. He says, he says that everyone's able to afford homes. Things are amazing. We're all doing perfect is what he says. We all know that's a lie. We can look at our bank accounts, we can see what has actually happened. We can look at the store shelves. We know inflation is raging. We know housing is not affordable. While Donald Trump and his family have made $4.5 billion off of meme coins and crypto and doing deals with Qatar and Abu Dhabi's Fund and Saudi Arabia Sovereign Wealth Fund.


So a reporter asks Trump's top propagandist, Caroline Levitt about Trump selling meme coins. He keeps doing meme coin posts. She goes, ah, that's fine, that's fine. Here, play this clip. You're having Me, Caroline, the president, posted another ad this week for his Trump meme coin. The group that's running that coin is encouraging people to buy in order to win a dinner this month with the president. Why is the president planning to attend a dinner for the top investors in his coin? Look, the president is abiding by all conflict of interest laws. The president has been incredibly transparent with his own personal financial obligation throughout the years. The president is a successful businessman, and I think frankly, it's one of the many reasons that people reelected him back to this office. There are at least some people who are buying this coin who seem to view it as an opportunity to influence the president's views.


There was a logistics company this week that said they would buy $20 million in the coin in order to advocate for free trade between the US and Mexico. If buyers are buying for that reason, are they wasting their money? Look, I can assure you, the President acts with only the interest of the American public in mind, putting our country first and doing what's best for our country. Full stop. That's his intention and that's what he's focused on. Chris, And then Donald Trump gaslights us, gaslights us all by posting. You know, the problem with even a tiny increase for the rich, which I would graciously accept in order to help people, is that then radical left Democrats would say, read my lips. Read my lips. Now I'm not going to give you any tax cuts, or I'm not gonna tax the rich.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna tax the poor and I'm gonna, I'm gonna do the largest tax, regressive tax cut with my tariffs. I would've done a tax on myself. But you know, I don't want anyone to say read my lips. You literally don't pay your taxes, Donald. It took the Democrats years to get your tax returns before, and what it showed was that for like many years, you were paying $0 in income tax or $750. Yes, zero or $750. Here was Donald Trump announcing an 80% tariff on China. Earlier he said he was thinking about lowering it to 145%. Then later in the day, Donald Trump said, actually, now I'm thinking about doing it. May you know, or Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick said maybe 37%.


I think this guy, Justin Wolffer is an economist that Michigan says, at best, we need to stop referring to it. Trump is doing as deals, like they're not deals. He's the arsonist who set things on fire, and now he wants to somewhat put out fires that he created. Those aren't deals. So stop buying into this framing that these are deals here, play this clip. How important to Donald Trump, aside from, you know, the big one, which is the deal with China, how important are these other deals? Japan, South Korea, for example? I think it's time to stop calling these things deals. Korea has a deal with the United States. It has a free trade agreement, in fact, a free trade agreement that it renegotiated under the previous President Trump.


So Trump is gonna impose a 10% tariff, effectively violating the deal, unilaterally doing so, and then he is gonna say to the Koreans, is there anything that I can do to carve out enough that you are willing to come over to the White House for humiliating photo opportunity with me? So this isn't deal making, this is dictating what the president's doing as he rips up deals. So I wanna show you two things right now. First, here's the clip of Stephen Miller, Donald Trump's top advisor saying that he's considering suspending habeas corpus. So you can see this clip, let's play it. See that happen? Well, the constitution is clear, and that of course is the supreme law of the land that the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus can be suspended in a time of invasion.


So to say that's an option we're actively looking at. Look, a lot of it depends on whether the courts do the right thing or not, at the end of the day. Now, Let me share with you, just so you see, this is footage of Pakistan's military firing on in India while Donald Trump is out there, you know, posting many trade deals in the hopper. All great. Everybody here play this clip Bi today on 10th May. At the time of Ger, we have given a strong punch to aj.


And finally, Donald Trump's top propagandist was asked during the press conference as well. So is, do Donald Trump's going to the Middle East to meet with Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United, Arab Emirates, Abu Dhabi, the people who invest in his personal businesses, like, do you think that's an issue? And then Caroline Levitt snaps on the report. It's like, no, no. How dare you make the implication he's sacrificing. What do you mean he's sacrificing? He's gotten so rich off of, off of the executive office, off of selling access to himself. Here, play The clip. Jim, let me just get to the premise of your question that both of you have raised. I think it's frankly ridiculous that anyone in this room would even suggest that President Trump is doing anything for his own benefit.


He left a life of luxury and a life of running a very successful real estate empire for public service. Not just once, but twice. And again, the American public reelected him back to this White House because they trust, he acts in the best interest of our country and putting the American public first. This is a president who has actually lost money for being president of the United States. I don't remember these same type of questions being asked of my predecessor about a career politician who was clearly profiting off of this office. That is not what President Trump does. And this White House holds ourselves to the highest of ethical standards. Phil,


There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot Midas Touch dot com.