
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


The election is here. Can we contrast the two campaigns right now? Let's talk about what's occurred in the past two weeks with Donald Trump, and a lot of this has just accelerated over the past 48 hours. So Donald Trump holds that hate rally at Madison Square Garden. His surrogate calls Puerto Rico trash, then Donald Trump dresses up like a garbage man and he struggles to get into a truck. Then Donald Trump doubles down on the statement and his running mate, JD Vance says it was a funny joke. And Donald Trump refuses to condemn the horrific statements directed at Puerto Rico and the Latino community.


Then more recently, Donald Trump threatens Liz Cheney with nine barrels pointed to her face, threatens to kill her. Then Donald Trump simulates performing oral sex on a microphone. Then Donald Trump threatens the media with being shot out if shot at if they want to get to him. And then earlier today, Donald Trump talks about whether he should hit Michelle Obama. Donald. Trump also says that he will be the protector of women, whether women like it or not, he will force himself to be your protector. All of that has happened recently, and we've seen dwindling crowd sizes earlier today in Reding, Pennsylvania.


A half full crowd earlier today in North Carolina, A half full crowd and smaller venues. We're talking about 7,000, 8,000 and he can't fill those. Those are half full. In contrast, vice President Kamala Harris is finishing strong. She's got a number of top surrogates out there who are talking about a vision to unite the country. Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Walls focusing on what they can do, what they can deliver. They're talking about policies. They're talking about the sandwich generation and how they could help lower the costs of healthcare, how they can make e education more accessible, protecting veterans, protecting our troops.


They're talking about law and order. They're talking about issues that actually matter to the American people, and they're listing them and they're finishing being positive. And they're saying also that there will be a place in their cabinet for Democrats, republicans, independents. It's time we heal and bring the nation together. I think folks, one of the things that has me very, very, very kind of confident right now is that I'm confident that the message of how dangerous Donald Trump is has now been fully realized by the American people. It took some of these recent events to get there, but I think it's out there. And on the other hand, I think people are excited to vote for Vice President, Kamala Harris, not just repulsed by Donald Trump, but I guess we'll find out very soon as Election Day is upon us.


Let me bring in Brett and Jordy and let's break all of this down. We told people to buckle up. This has not just been a bumpy ride from the Trump campaign. It's really been cataclysmic catastrophic, whatever words you want to use. The issue is, is when the American people see that, will it matter? And of course we'll talk about the Seor poll. There was a companion poll called the Port Hayes Poll in Kansas, the Seor Poll in Iowa. The trends we've been talking about here seem to be reflected in this high quality polling.


But then of course, we see this deluge of horrible like bad pollsters who seem to be trying to rig the various averages to try to put it in the average and pull it down. And I know that's causing people a great deal of anxiety as well, but we're here to make sense of it all. Brett, how are you sir? Jordy, how are you sir? I'm doing great. Happy election day everybody. How crazy is that? So we're of course here live with everybody. But for those listening, if you're listening to this right now on audio podcast, it is election day. So that is pretty unbelievable that we are here right now. And I gotta say, if you are listening to this and you haven't voted yet, go vote.


What are you doing? You could listen. You're listening to it, right? You could take this anywhere. So listen to this online. It's a great voting companion by the way. Listen to the podcast online. If you're in line, stay in line. Make sure your vote is counted at all costs. This is the most important election of our lifetime. But You know I remain extremely optimistic in seeing the trends in recent days and recent weeks, and you couldn't ask for anymore if you're Vice, President, Kamala Harris here. I think she's led one of the most, if not the single most impressive political campaigns I have ever seen, ever. I mean to think about how she entered this race, to think about just the momentum shift that happened after the fact, the way she got into that role and just absolutely crushed it.


And the way her poll numbers went skyrocketing and her favorables went way up. Like this is going to be studied for generations and generations. And the way Donald Trump is finishing his campaign right now is just honestly one of the most bizarre things that I've ever seen. As I said in a video that I, I put out this morning, I was like, are they trying to lose this thing? Like, and like, like what would they be doing differently if they, if they weren't trying to lose this thing if they, or if they were trying to lose this thing? It's just completely utterly bizarre what we're seeing day in and day out. But it all leads up to this moment. This is the culmination of everything we've been doing, but I think the American people at least have the data right now that they need to have.


They I think are clear-eyed about who Donald Trump is. They are clear-eyed about who Vice President Kamala Harris is. And let's hope that that momentum translates into a win for democracy. Jordy, how are you today? I'm doing great. I just wanna start the show up with how I usually end the show, and that's just by thanking you, the listener, you the Midas mighty look, there's been tons of work that's gone into everything here and the collective. We have done so much and we're so proud of our listeners and, and the Midas Mighty who have canvassed and door knocked and have taken the videos that we've produced here with the data points and shared 'em with your circles. Anything that you did to further the Pro-democracy movement as we head to election day. And if you're listening, it's today, it's right now.


I just wanna say thank you so much. Your hard work has not gone unnoticed and we're gonna do this dang thing. So great job everybody. Let's do this. Finish strong. Alright, programming note after tonight's show ends at six 15 Pacific, nine 15 Eastern, we will be holding our last Zoom meeting for our patrons before the election. We'd love to just hang out with you. We'd love to see you. We'll try to answer some questions, but it's really a kind of mutual therapeutic session, if you will, where we could all hang out, see each other, and it's just so great to see the faces of all the Midas mighty.


So go to patreon.com/midas touch, make sure you sign up right now if you're not signed up. And we'll see you there as soon as the show ends. Second programming note during election day, we will have live coverage of the results that will start at five 30 Eastern and two 30 Pacific. We will be doing 100% original programming. Thanks to all of your support and your contributions, we've been able to build that up. We're working with a group, a company you may have heard of. It's a nonpartisan company called Split Ticket. They are some of the best, in my opinion, the best data analysts of all of these vote returns and polls.


I think that there are right now. I started watching them a few years back and I was so impressed with the meticulousness that they go through the spreadsheets and all of these things in such a great way. So we will have live coverage, we will have them be kind of leading that coverage. We will start off the broadcast with myself and perhaps some other guests and we will toss it over to them. But we will not be doing corporate media feeds. So if you wanna watch the corporate media stuff that's led us down, that's not where you're going to find it. We are doing 100% original programming here, and I think that what we're going to have here will be the gold standard to come.


And I'm excited for you to see the level of detail that split ticket goes through. They're gonna go county by county within the counties, they're gonna go through different cities, they know their stuff, and I think you're gonna love it. So again, make sure you join us tomorrow, that's five 30 Eastern, two 30 Pacific, and we will begin our live coverage together. Okay, so with those programming notes, third, let me give you now my framework. I'm a simple guy, you all know that. So for me, I like to look at meticulous data, but then I like to simplify it. So the question I ask myself about this election is, are we in a post row or pre pre-Roe being overturned election?


What does this actually look like? Do we think the voting behaviors are going to look like all of these elections? We've reported on where it goes, whoa, the polls even underestimated the support of democratic candidates who believe that women's reproductive freedom should be restored. How many times have we reported even in red state races like Democrats overperforming by like plus 15 or plus 20, and we're like, oh, it's a big shocker. We've been saying, but we've seen this data. We saw the data in the primaries enclosed Republican primaries where Donald Trump would frequently underperform his 5 38 averages between 12 and 15 points.


And in some states, Nikki Haley, like in Pennsylvania was getting about 21%. So do I think Vice President, Kamala Harris has made the case to I think the post row electorate with those hall voters? And I think the answer is a resounding yes. The next data point I look at are people, do they want to vote for Vice, President, Kamala Harris, or is it just a vote against Donald Trump? I think people want to vote for her, which I think makes this race different than 2016, where I wanted to vote for Hillary Clinton. But I think overall in America, lots of people were not inspired to go out and actually vote for Hillary Clinton.


So does this feel more Obama esque that people actually want to do this for our country to make history together and to move our country forward? I think that's an important data. Point three has the data about Donald Trump fully permeated the American electorate. If you asked me two to three weeks ago, I would say no. I was frustrated despite the fact that Midas touch YouTube was getting what we've gotten, 5 billion views so far together, 1 billion views in 90 days. We just hit that benchmark over the weekend. But did, did, did the media sane washing, prevent a lot of Americans from knowing about just how reckless and dangerous Donald Trump was?


Donald Trump's decision to hide and run away from other debates seemed to be toward his advantage because even though he did horrible with the eating dogs and cats, people kind of forgot about that. They forgot how racist and despicable it was at large, and the media did it sane washing thing, and they tried to spend the rest of that time going after Kamala Harris. Oh, she's doing plans, but Donald Trump's talking about eating cats and dogs, but is her, are her plans so specific and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, even though they were very specific. So we had a lot of that. But where, why I say I'm at peace right now is that I, I'm confident that the nation now post Madison Square Garden, and with everything I'm about to show you that they also now know people are have, are, are they woke up.


They are aware of Donald Trump's threats and whether why was the Madison Square Garden rally that did it versus You know he's doing the January 6th insurrection anthem before. I'm glad that, that that moment helped solidify and rally people around the Puerto Rican community, but then also reflecting on, wait a minute, Trump was also saying horrible things about black people, Latino people, women, it's everybody other than like, other than like a subgroup of like white. Can I, can I comment on this for a second? Not to interrupt your flow, but this has been one of the strangest phenomenons of the past few weeks. For me, it's, you see Tony Hinchcliffe, the comedian who was at Donald Trump's rally in Madison Square Garden, make that disgusting comment about Puerto Rico and say all the other horrific things that don't get nearly enough attention about Black Americans, about Palestinians, about Jews, about ev.


He offended every group in like the most defensive way ma imaginable. But like Trump says things like Tony Hinchcliffe says on like a daily basis and people ignore the guy, but it coming out of somebody else's mouth for some reason, made people go, oh, that's kind of messed up. That's kind of screwed up. And then like the same thing happened the other day where you had Mike Johnson and that incredible Syracuse University reporter at Citrus TV asked speaker Mike Johnson if what he would do about the CHIPS Act, if he would plan on getting rid of the Chips Act, which has brought thousands and thousands and thousands of jobs to Americans, many of which are in swing states, and it's gotten millions if not billions in some states dollars worth of investments and has made the United States a world leader in semiconductor chips.


This is stuff that would've been unimaginable just a couple of years ago. And it's one of the incredible accomplishments of the Biden Harris administration. So you have Speaker Johnson asked about this and He says that he would, yeah, he would get rid of the Chips act, that's, that would be one of his priorities probably to get rid of the Chips Act. and that also set off a firestorm. That's Donald Trump's position also. That's why he was asked about it. And just the idea that like Donald Trump says horrible things, but I don't know if it's his voice or the fact that he's just so like embedded in culture now and you hear him all the time that people just kind of overlook a lot of the crazy crap that He says. But it took finally other people to just say the same thing He says to for people to go, oh yeah, no, that's screwed up.


No. Oh, it is gonna cost me my job. Oh, that's not gonna be good for me. Oh, he wants to do what with tariffs. He wants to wait, raise all my costs on my business. He wants to raise the price of everything I buy. This is his plan. It just odd to me that it takes somebody else to say it, but whatever it takes, I'm happy that people appear to have woken up, at least in the past few weeks. Sorry, Ben, right? I mean, during the debate, Donald Trump says he wanted to repeal Obamacare. I mean, he said he has his concepts of a plan, but not an actual plan. Like to me, that should have raised the red flags. They wanna take away something with concepts of a plan. But again, maga, Mike Johnson, when he was speaking in front of, I think like frat bros in Pennsylvania, he was said, oh, you're gonna get rid of Obamacare. He's like, we're gonna take a blowtorch to it.


And it's like, what a horrible idea. You're gonna take away healthcare that's keeping tens of millions of Americans, people who vote, but that's, you're running on taking away people's healthcare, taking away people's social security and gutting the Chips act, which provides all of these serious of these important manufacturing jobs and swing states. And they kept on doing these things over and over again. You know there's a term in law school shocks the conscience. So that's almost like a test for like intentional infliction of emotional distress. Where does it shock your conscience or, or like punitive damages? Does it shock your conscience? So let's go through, does this shock your conscience?


Let's talk about a conscience shocking two weeks that I think shocked America into saying, alright, we're not going back. Okay, we're definitely not going back. So let's not forget what Donald Trump's surrogate killed Tony had to say about the Puerto Rican community. Let's play this a lot Going on. Like, I don't know if you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah, I think it's called Puerto Rico. Okay, alright. Okay, we're getting there. Now again, normally I don't follow the national anthem, everybody. So rather than condemn that Donald Trump decides that he's going to dress up like a garbage man.


And then by the way, Don Jr. Eric, all of these MAGA people start dressing up in garbage bags and the MAGA supporters start dressing up in garbage bags over and over again. And I guess in their, in their internet mean culture, they think that this is like an inside joke about something that Biden said about them for calling Puerto Rico garbage. This reminded Latinos and the Puerto Rican community, people I know are you mocking us? You, you're wearing garbage bags. And so then Donald Trump dresses as a garbage man and he can't get into a truck. Let me show you this clip of him struggling to get into the truck. Let's play it.


So that reinforces Donald Trump's cognitive decline. These dementia like symptoms that he shows potentially whether or not he's suffered from many strokes. It reminds people that Donald Trump is unwell You know I'm not a medical professional, but I've expressed my opinions to you like I do there. And then Donald Trump's running mate, JD Vance, after Donald Trump made the comment, JD Vance is like, yo, this is funny, right? These are funny calling Puerto Rico trash, just, it's a funny joke. Here's what He says, play the clip And Kamala Harris' America, shell wag her finger at you and complain for you laughing at a joke. And in Donald j Trump's America, we have a pretty good time because we love this country and you can have a good time, A pretty good time, a pretty good time.


You know Carlos Eduardo Espina who's on here, he is got 10.9 million TikTok followers who I interview and I become friends with. You know he he was, he was like, you realize they're just mocking you. They have zero respect. And he's like, if you have some self-respect, they're literally mocking you to your face face. They find your entire existence to be their punchline of a political campaign for how they want to run a government. By the way, JD Vance then wants to remind people that they love, as Donald Trump said before Donald, Trump goes, the word trash and garbage is so sexy, it's a sexy learn.


So today, JDV says, Vice President Kamala Harris is trash or garbage. Here, listen to this. But in two days we are gonna take out the trash in Washington DC and the trash hiss name is Kamala Harris. They really drilling in the trash, the trash. And what they did then Donald Trump in this bizarre event with Tucker Carlson and Tucker Carlson came back from overseas and he had like all these scratches and injuries. And he said, a demon, I think he's, he told people a demons injured him, and that's why he was all bruised up from this overseas trip. Okay? Donald Trump then threatens Liz Cheney with nine barrels to her head with Tucker Carlson.


Let's Play this clip. And I don't blame him for sticking with his daughter, but his daughter's a very dumb individual, very dumb. She's a radical warhawk. Let's put her with a rifle standing there with nine barrels shooting at her. Okay, let's see how she feels about it. You know when the guns are trained on her face. You know. Then Donald Trump simulates giving oral sex to a microphone. Play the clip. Then Donald Trump threatens the media being shot at. If you want to get to him, you'll have to shoot through the media.


He says, which he wouldn't mind if that, he'd actually be happy with that. He says, here, Play, this clip A little bit intelligence. And I have a piece of glass over here, and I don't have a piece of glass there, and I have this piece of glass here, but all we have really over here is the fake news, right? And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news. And I don't mind that so much because I don't mind.


I don't mind that. Then Donald Trump threatens physical violence on Michelle Obama and he muses to the crowd about whether he should hit her. He uses the term hit Play. this clip Countries weren't accepting him back until I came You know with Bronin Obama. I call him the great divider. He's the great divider. And he hit Oh, and Michelle hit me that I was so nice to her out of respect. I was saying this, she hit me the other day. I was gonna say to my people, am I allowed to hit her? Now? They said, take it easy, sir. Sir, take it.


My geniuses, I'm telling you, they said, just take it easy. Oh, what do you mean? She said, bad about me. I can't hit back. Sir, you winning. Just relax. It's, is that good adv? Is that good or bad advice? I think it's neutral. You know what? You know what the response is there. It's like, nah, what do the ladies from North Carolina think about? Hit back or just be, just relax, huh? Oh, they say hit back. You say hit back. I'd actually love to hit back, but we'll hold it a little while. Let's, we'll hold it. I'd love to hit back, but Oh, no, no.


She took some shots at me the other day. I said, whoa, whoa, whoa. What have we here? I'd never heard that before. I've always treated her very nicely. But he's the great divider. Barack Hussein Obama, he's a great divider. And then earlier today in reading Pennsylvania, Donald Trump threatens Vice President Kamala Harris physically by saying, put Mike Tyson in the ring with her. That will be interesting putting Mike Tyson to what? Physically attack Kamala Harris. This is sick stuff here. Play, this clip. Mike is, Mike's been through a lot, but he could fight. Lemme tell you, that guy could fight. But can you imagine, Mike?


Oh, He says, put Mike in the ring with Kamala. That would be interest. This is some really sick stuff. This is some really sick stuff. And as I said before, shocks your conscience. And if that does not shock your conscience, you don't have a conscience. It's really as simple as that. Everything that I just showed you, any one of them by normal political standards, in addition to being disqualified from politics, I mean, there's a lot of crimes I just showed you. There's assault.


What I just showed you. I mean, Donald, Trump threatening people's lives with physical violence is a criminal threat. He is an adjudicated felon. He is someone who's been adjudicated for sexual assault. So if you can look yourself, set, don't I wanna hear? Well, the conservative Democrat, Deborah, there's nothing conservative about what I just showed you. I just showed you violent, deranged, psychotic behavior that in any human being, you would not leave your child with that person. And if you wouldn't leave a child or someone you love in a room with that person, why would you vote for that person?


This is some of the most disgusting and despicable language we should have moral character, we should have a moral compass. and that that's beyond politics. And anybody who's normalized any of that that I just showed you, your complicit shame on you. Shame on you, for real. And for the rest of us, our conscious is shocked. So that better motivate us to vote. And you should show everybody You. know that segment right now. Show people if they're undecided. Well, I don't know, show 'em. Play it. Just say, do me this one favor.


If you love me, seriously, do this. If you love me before you vote, if you're undecided, please watch this. Otherwise you don't love me. Watch this. And if they come to the conclusion after watching that, it's like a test that they are okay with that. Honestly, you, we, we, you, we should reflect on who that person is. That's some sick fricking stuff right there. I wanna remind everybody that after today's show, around six 15, soon as the show ends, go to patreon.com/midas touch, join us for an after show meeting. The secret link is there. And I also wanna remind all of our viewers today that on election day or whenever you're listening to this, on election day, starting five 30 Eastern, two 30 Pacific, our election coverage begins.


It's brought to you by split ticket. We're not showing corporate media stuff. We are bringing you directly the data with 100% original programming. Be right back after our first break.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 answers. Bull market, bear market will rates rise or fall? Will inflation go up or down? Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. With real-time, insights, and forecasting, you're peering into the future with actionable data. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time looking on what's next. I use this and you should too. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunities, download the CFO's Guide to AI and Machine Learning at NetSuite dot com slash midas. This guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash midas NetSuite dot com slash M-E-I-D-A-S.


Flavored air is not like vaping if vapor was compared to sticky soda. Fume cos are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, orange, vanilla, and new peach blush. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics, no vapor, no combustion. Fme draws flavor to your mouth and fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave. Fume is not a vape and there's no nicotine and it's not addictive. It's very important. Also, fume has non-toxic flavors. It's truly a guilt-free alternative to your bad habit. The look and feel of Fume is awesome. The design is super high quality. Fume continuously invests in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products and is backed by doctors in the US personally. My favorite flavor is the orange vanilla. I love the way it tastes. I'm truly a huge fan of fume. So many listeners of this program have told me they've quit their bad habits with fume. And I know it can do the same for you. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use our code Midas to get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to try fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com fume.com. And use the code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S or scan the QR code on screen to get a free gift with your order today. Tri fume.com. Use the code Midas.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA, miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do now, thanks to Miracle Made Sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with Miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Let's go. Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors links in description of both YouTube and the audio. Use the codes, use the links, let them know we sent you Benji. Where to next might is Mighty community, 3.3 million. Strong and growing. I think one of the most powerful forces in politics because for us, at the very core, this is about humanity, right? We never approach politics like some gamified thing. This is about our families, this is about our future, this is about future generations, it's about our community and it is about the world the same way there's the Midas mighty. I think there's a phenomenon taking place right now of the Midas voter.


And I think at the core, when you to sum up, define what a Midas voter is, it's normalcy. It's like we just want normalcy and we want democracy. Democracy normalcy. And I'll add one more compassion, democracy, normalcy, compassion, uplifting, not punching down, love over hate. And to me that transcends the labels of, oh, that makes you a progressive and this person's a conservative. And then that person is an independent Donald. Trump is not really Republican, he's not really conservative. Donald Trump is Donald Trump.


It's Trump, it's Maga, it's a cult of personality. It is a Kim Jong un style mutation that is really sad to see take foothold in this United States of America. And then I've always firmly believed we built the entire network on this thesis that we could come together as Americans, progressives, liberals, Democrats, independents, classic Republicans, classic conservatives, people who leave the MAGA movement. If you wanna leave the MAGA movement today, after everything leave today and you're gonna vote Vice, President, Kamala Harris for our future, I welcome you back.


I truly do. Is it hard for me to understand a little bit how it took you so long? But it doesn't matter. I welcome you back with open arms and we all should here. It's very hard to get out of a cult. It's very hard to get out of a certain way of thinking, especially when quite literally, billionaires are putting in tens of billions of dollars each and every way, each and every day to manipulate people. Just think about the oligarchical reach that's happening right now. And we're seeing it as so I, I feel sympathy and empathy. But you're welcome here in this pro-democracy community of classic Republicans, of independences, of progressives and liberals.


We love our constitution, we love our flag, we love our national anthem, we love our country. And we show that not just by saying it, not just by having banners, but like by actually living our lives in a way to better each other's lives. We protect our freedoms, not take freedoms away. And that's what's at stake right now. And so You know when I see a poll like the Sellr poll, everyone now knows her name Ann Sellr, right from Iowa. And she goes, she's one of the best polls. Or when you see the poll from Kansas, the Port Hayes poll, which only has Donald Trump up like four or five in Kansas, when you look at Ohio, Donald Trump only up three or so in the polls in Ohio.


And I extrapolate some of the cross tabs right there like Vice, President Kamala Harris up 20 amongst white women in Iowa. and that same trend holding in Kansas and Ohio and that it's transcending political parties. And then when I talk about the coalitions, the diversity of America, and when I think about, we know the Univision poll, the Latino community now breaking heavily in favor of Vice, President, Kamala Harris, like 64 to 30, and I think the Puerto Rican 60 community, 67 to 27. These are the types of numbers that we're used to black women who save our democracy.


Black men coming back into the fold after hearing, oh, the black men weren't supported. Black men have always been supporting vice president Kam Laris. We've always been pointing out all of that propaganda that was out there where Trump would go into a black church and try to act like it was a, a black church. But in reality they just rented out a church and they filled it with white MAGA support. We always knew the coalition here, union workers support, Vice, President, Kamala Harris. So Brett, we've known that. But what we've seen with this Midas voter is that it is a normalcy voter. and that to me is what's showing up in the poll in the Port Hayes poll.


When we look at the poll today from the, from Morris, which has, which is the best in the business, Vice, President, Kamala Harris up 4 51 to 47% there. I'm also looking in these polls for, oh wow, what's, what trends am I seeing? So Trump was, Trump is now down 16 among men last month to just plus four. Now the message is getting out to Trump ain't Alpha Trump ain't masculine. Trump's the opposite of all of that. Trump. There's nothing less manly or masculine. If you wanna use those terms than freaking bullying people and attacking the trans community and mocking marginalized communities, that's not manly, that's gross.


And, and to allow yourself, even as a man for Trump to insult you. And then you take it and then you go, I'm gonna vote for you. What? That doesn't make you a man. What are you talking about for if you want to use those types of labels? So Brett, you're seeing this, that tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of comments. What are you seeing, Brett? Yeah, I mean, we're seeing just such incredible momentum and, and like we were saying earlier in the show, You know we, we've been seeing this for a while now and but in the past two weeks, I would say it's picked up tremendously. You know, the whole kind of narrative from the press has been bothering me this entire time, which is, oh, You know women, they're actually, they're over Dobbs.


They're over it. Eh, this is done. They don't care anymore. Did did their health issues go away in the past two years? In what world are they over it? They're not over it and their families aren't over it. And so the idea that that was never going to, that, that it wasn't gonna play a, a role in this election was always so absurd on its face to me. And now we are seeing the row voter, now we are seeing the backlash to Donald Trump's comments at the Madison Square or the comments of him and of his people at the Madison Square Garden event. We're seeing Latinos coming out in record numbers. We're seeing young people now coming out in record numbers. We are seeing all across the board voters kind of kicking into high gear and going, oh snap, we gotta get to work here.


And this is something that we've seen also in our comments. People submitting comments to us, people email us all the time. We have seen this pattern and we've seen it gradually increase. I could read you even just a few we received earlier today, which I found awesome. These are just on a, one of the random videos that we put out. And here are some of the comments. We got. One, one individual said, I'm a recovering Republican for the first time in my life, almost 58 years old, I voted straight blue. Another commenter wrote, I'm a veteran and a first responder. I drive a truck, ride a Harley Davidson and own firearms. I live in a MAGA district. My oldest son is a veteran. My youngest child is my beautiful daughter who is 19 and first time voter. Tomorrow I will proudly walk by her side to vote for the first woman president of the United States for our daughters wives and mothers and for our republic.


Another individual writes, people are waking up. It's not about Republican or Democrat, it is about democracy, humanity, and sanity. It is about getting rid of chaos, insanity, and division. I mean that right there is the Midas touch motto that is the Midas touch motto being read back to us. And I love to see it. And we keep seeing people on like TV when people are interviewed, say the same exact thing. And we go, okay, people are, people are people get it. People get it. Here's another one I'll share with you. I'm African married to a Texan in a deep red county. I'm a green, hard cold holder, green card holder who never voted in the us. My husband on the other hand is a lifelong Republican. We met in 2019. He voted for Trump in 2016.


It took me five years to educate him on how cruel Republican policies are. I'm so proud to say that in 43 years he voted blue for the first time he voted for Harris and also for Colin Allred miracles happen people, and she calls it a miracle. But I gotta say I have seen this story now play out hundreds if not thousands and thousands of times our inboxes are flooded with comments like this. Our, all of our YouTube videos are flooded by comments like this, real people saying that the people in their lives that they know who even voted for Trump in the past or that could also be themselves or that they voted Republican historically, that they're not voting for Donald Trump. And they understand the stakes. They understand that these MAGA Republicans are a whole different breed who are stripping away their rights and are so brazen about it when they do it.


And people understand that I need to now vote for my future, for my health, for the health of my kids, for the health of my wife, for whoever it is. I need to get out to the polls. That's what I gotta do. People understand the assignment. And we are seeing that and we're seeing that reflected in the polls. And to Ben's point of what we were seeing before is there is so much nonsense out there. There is so much noise. and that is by design. And the best example the other day was when that seltzer poll was released, seltzer is the most coveted poll in the industry. She has predicted all, not predicted. She has gauged the trends accurately in all the past elections going back decades now.


And she was able to see the rise of Barack Obama and she had Obama polling really high. And everybody at the time was like, ain't no way that that's gotta be a bunk poll. Ain't no way seltzer was right. Seltzer was right in 2016 when she said, Trump has a lot of support in Iowa and that's not showing up on the other poll. So something's going on here. And everyone went, ha ha. Hillary's got this in the bag seltzer. Who does this lady think she is? Well, she was right and she was also right in 2020 when she showed that Trump had a better shot of winning than a lot of people thought that he had. She's been right like nearly a hundred percent of the time. And even her misses aren't even like really misses. And so everybody was looking forward to her poll.


And the prevailing theory was like, if it's Trump plus eight, it's gonna be a close election. If it's Trump plus six or so You know what that, that's really good news for Kamala. If it's Trump plus three, it's gonna be a Kamala blowout. Vice President Harris has got this. And so when she dropped the poll, and it was not Trump plus anything, but it was Vice President Harris plus three, it sent shockwaves through the entire country, through the entire polling industry, through all the campaigns. And people were like, holy crap. As Ann sell, once again, picking up on a phenomenon that is happening out there that other people are not predicting.


And in the past few days, a lot of these other pollsters have admitted that they are manipulating their own polls. Even the kind of high quality pollsters have admitted that you had Nate Coh and, and you have Nate Silver each writing different versions of that. The pollsters are hurting the polls, meaning that basically they are adjusting the compositions of their polls in order to make them as close to 50 50 as possible because they're afraid of embarrassing themselves with a polling miss. So at that point, it's like, how is the polling even? How is it even relevant if you're adjusting the polls in order to fit some sort of preordained result? It doesn't make any sense. Ann Seltzer does not do that. She goes, this is the data I have.


This is the data that I am putting out. And as you dig into the cross tabs of the higher quality polls, that to me is the information that also tells you everything you need to know. That's where you see, to Ben's point, women breaking for Kamala Harris at historic levels. That's where you see Latino voters breaking for Kamala Harris at massive levels. That's where you see black voters breaking for Kamala Harris at massive levels. And that's where you also see men, more men than ever now supporting Vice, President, Kamala, Harris. Because I think men are understanding the assignment and they get to, to Ben's point that trump A, that ain't no alpha. And B, I need to protect the women in my life. I need to protect all the females in my life. I'm not gonna let them die.


I'm not gonna let them sit in an emergency room table near death so that somebody could ask a bureaucrat in the government. I don't, I don't mean just, I, I saw one person give this take and it was so right on. I mean, just think about like You know, like you're married You know whether you're married or not, but you have a, a, a woman that you love in your life. Donald, Trump is saying that he wants to be the person to protect her, not you. He wants to be the person and, and she not protecting herself. You know. You know the, the, all of the incredible strong women in our lives You know Donald Trump saying that he wants to get involved in in our homes.


Like, like it's, it's creepy, it's gross. And I think the person's like, could you imagine You know? He said like, the dude's out there. Could you imagine you're at a baseball game or you're at the bar or you're at a football game and some guy goes to you and says, let let me tell you what I, what I want your wife to do. You punch the guy. I'm not expressing violence, but you'd be like, dude, get get out of here. Whatcha doing? Yeah, whatcha doing? Like, as the guy was like, I'm gonna You know, we'll see your wife over there. I'm gonna protect her whether she likes it or not, whether she likes it or not. You would be like, do could you get your hands off her right now and get away before I call the cops? I mean, I mean, that's what you would do, but he's saying it to everybody out there. By the way, another big thing today was that John Ralston, who is an expert in Nevada, he released his prediction for Nevada showing Vice, President, Kamala, Harris at a very narrow lead there, but a lead nonetheless.


And You know we're gonna see what's accurate and what's not accurate. But I do know that there is a whole lot of BS out there. There's a whole lot of garbage there as foreign poles like that atlas, whatever the heck, that pole is like that literally like, like that one's in like Brazil. Like there, there are poles that are out outside of the country that are designed to interfere with our elections. Hmm. And then to add to that, you have maga people inventing fake polls, like, like not going through the effort of like creating a fake polling company like Trump does with all these various polling companies, insider Advantage, Trafalgar, all this other crap that they flood the zone with, but literally making up results and saying, look at this poll. Trump's got this on a lock, which I don't even understand the strategy of, of saying that in terms of getting out the vote, but there was this guy on Twitter, Ryan Fornier, fornier, I'm, I'm not sure how He says his name doesn't matter.


And he said, this poll pollster made a mistake and ended up having to resend his email to me. And then he showed this email showing like Trump up in Georgia by three Trump up in Iowa by this Trump up in Pennsylvania, by this Trump up. And when people increased the brightness on the email that he supposedly received from some unnamed pollster, they were able to see that he sent this email to himself that this was a complete fraud. You know. And, and they make up things all the time. These people, they go, I'm hearing that in the, the, that Biden says she's got no shot. I'm hearing that Vice President, Kamala Harris is freaking out. And I'm like, no, you didn't.


You're you're a liar. But this is the funniest example where you see one of the weirdest things about the, that MAGA person who sent himself the email. It wasn't even necessarily like the lie of just the fake poll, although admittedly that's very weird. It was the well wishes that he sent himself before he gets into the post, he writes, I hope you're doing well, brother. I mean, these MAGA folks are in this just bizarro Twitter bubble and I cannot wait for this bubble to burst. I want to talk about that bubble. I want to talk about what kind of our call to action is to the Midas mighty, what we need to be doing right now. You see the name right there?


If you look through it, you actually, the guy emailing himself right there for those on audio. Brett showed the, he like put like black highlights on it, but then you can see or black marker over it, but then you can see that it's actually his name when you just brighten it up a little bit. We'll talk about that. I wanna remind everybody that when the show ends at six 15 Pacific, nine 15 Eastern, join us at patreon.com/midas. Touch You know we'll, we'll be around just to hang out You know we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll chat about our kind of final thoughts before the election, but just wanna spend some time with you. It won't be that long. Maybe a half hour You know, 45 minutes. But just wanna spend, really just wanna spend everyone, give everybody a pep talk and then our reminder, make sure all your notifications are set and you're subscribed because tomorrow at five 30 Eastern, two 30 Pacific, we will be beginning our election coverage here.


We are not doing corporate media streams. We have our own original content here we are working with a group called Split Ticket. They're a nonpartisan group. They're gonna be going through all the data spreadsheets. This, I think this will become the gold standard of how you analyze data on election night. We're always trying to be innovative here, and that's how we're gonna do it. Let's take our last quick break though, and we will be right back.


As You know, I'm a dad and well, I've just been having the greatest time ever. Here's the thing, I never knew just how important it was, what we give our children. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar on healthy chemicals and other gummy junk that growing kids should never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved superpower chewable vitamin. Now, while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, HIA is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and is perfect for picky eaters. HIA fills in the most important common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated. With the help of nutritional experts, HIA is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, and including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones, and more. It's non GMO, vegan, dairy free, allergy free, gelatin free, nut free and everything else you can imagine. HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad and I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins, and that's why I'm so happy to have come across high health. The ingredients are amazing and I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because HIA Health is made without that stuff and it's able to keep the great taste. Now we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order now to claim this deal, you must go to Hiya Health dot com slash midas. Now this deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E-A LT h.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day, for example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends. The next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre alcohol and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


So I love it. Description of both YouTube and the audio. Use the codes, use the links real quick. I just wanted to piggyback on that conversation that we were having about Republicans, classic Republicans leaving Donald Trump in this mass exodus. I was at a Halloween party. The the other night. This woman recognized me from Midas, and she came up and she said, Jordy, I just voted for Kamala. And I said, that's awesome. She's like, no, you don't get it. I'm, I'm conservative. Like I'm very conservative. My family is very conservative. I'm like, that's even better. She's like, and I got my mom and my sister to also vote for Kamala Harris. I'm like, what was the turning point? Like, why, why did you feel necessary now to do this? She's like, I just can't stand the guy.


Every time he is on tv, he makes me sick. He does not represent me as a classic conservative. And so I thought that was awesome. And as y as y'all know, I'm here in Pennsylvania, so I love to see that. Yeah, I, yeah, Jor Jordy's our, our, our man on the ground pa, which is very helpful for insight. I, I I, I must say, but You know, I mean like, like we were saying before Jay, right? We've heard what thousands of stories that are that are just like that. So when we see that starting to be reflected in early voter data and things like that, it hasn't been surprising to us. But You know, sometimes you wonder just by the nature of life and the internet and, and things and social circles, am I in a bubble here or is this actually what's happening on the ground?


But Ben, it seems like the more data we get, the more it seems like this is what is happening on the ground and that there's something very special happening across the United States of America. You know what's so interesting is that when the Republicans or the MAs, I don't even want to call em MAs Republican anymore, when the MAs try to spin data, they're using the data set that our colleague Tom Bonier makes. So just think about that. So when we have Tom Bonier from Target Smart, he has his data set called Target Early, and that's the main data set out there that his organization compiles. So when the mags are trying to spin it, I, I get Tom on this network.


I mean that's what's one of the incredible things about this growth of the network that I could have Simon Rosenberg, Matthew Dow, Tom Bonier, Chad Livengood from Detroit. If I want like mission, let's, let's get the guy who created the data system to give firsthand reactions to his data analysis rather than the spin that MAGA is trying to make on his own data or set aside the MAGA even when the corporate media is trying to give their, it's like with the, if the corporate media was an honest broker, you could get Tom on your show. I'm sure Tom would love to go on. I'm not speaking for him. You know if he if, if he were to go on You, know these corporate media networks You know every night, like Tom's the guy you would have on, they'll have him on occasionally for like a segment here and there as like just another view.


But he's literally the dataset guy. So when you take a look at the Target early dataset, as of now, Simon Rosenberg tells us, and Tom confirmed it in the episode I did with him earlier today, Dems are ahead going into election day. They're in a stronger position or Dems head into election day in a stronger position in the battleground early vote than 2020 more Democrat post dob over performance Republicans big campaign to make gains in the early vote has failed. And their early vote memos are just pure bs. If you actually look at the data, Republican early vote is being outpaced by Democrats significantly and re, but, but, and Republicans, more Republicans are certainly early voting than they did back then, but they've invested like literally hundreds of millions of dollars in their early vote game.


So they've cannibalized their elect their election day votes. Just kind of think about that fact. And also if you're just looking at how's Aden voting? How's an r voting, you're missing the picture of what are the pro-democracy independents doing and what are the Nikki Haley Republicans, I'm gonna call 'em Nikki Haley, Republicans and You know what are, what are just the classic Republicans or the Nikki Haley Republic, whatever you wanna call 'em, what are the classic Republicans, Nikki Haley Republicans doing? And I think those stories like Jordy, I've always believed it for three and a half years. I think that's gonna be the story of the election. I mean, you take a look at the raw data as well.


18.1 million people have voted early in seven swing states, 1,732,812. More women have voted there than men. 54.9 to 45.1%. The gender turnout gap grew by 24,198 from Sunday. The turnout gap stays the following females plus 13 points in Pennsylvania, plus 12 in Georgia, plus 11 in North Carolina, plus 10 in Michigan, plus seven in Wisconsin, plus five in Arizona and even in Nevada. And this Jim Kessler, who's really good at looking at polling data says that's, that would be a good sign for Harris. Now, we don't know specifically how this shapes out, but we know that that's where you'd want to be.


And where's the Republicans? What are they messaging? So Matt Gates, who's like one of John Donald Trump's top surrogates, or as Herschel Walker says Donald Trump Jr. Or Donald Trump He says Donald Trump. Just about that. Yesterday, Donald Trump said he will make Herschel Walker in charge of our missile defense system. I mean, I'm not gonna play the clip, but I, I played it yesterday. But He says, Herschel Walker will be in charge of missile defense. RFK Junior will be in charge of women. That's a direct quote from Donald Trump. He's gonna put RFK junior in charge of the women's health. They're gonna ban vaccines, just ban 'em.


Not even choice ban vaccines take out fluoride from water. And in addition to being in charge of the women, I mean, who's, who even says that I'm putting RFK in charge of the women? What, what in the Taliban is that I'm putting RFK June? No, you talking about, and they say RFK would be in charge of agriculture. RFK would be in charge of health. All things in our medical system, RFK, who believes that doctors are all liars would be in charge. Like, like what are that, that's just one little soundbite in the myriad of things Donald Trump does, in addition to simulating oral sex with microphones and calling for the execution of Liz Cheney, by the way, if you go, oh well, the Liz Cheney nine barrels to the head out of context, man outta context.


Oh, really? The same guy who posts she needs to go before public military tribunals consistently on a social media plus. That's a, that must just be some inside joke. The the, the military tribunal joke, just like the, I want to be a dictator on day one Joke ha ha ha. Government's in the history of dictatorships What? Humor, what what that, that must just be like the standup comedy where your political rallies, you call an entire group of American citizen trash. It's not humor that's freaking evil and that's dangerous and we need to call it up. But here's what Matt Gaetz is saying.


What we're seeing right now is part of the Barbie conspiracy. Matt Gaetz goes the core plot of the barb from today. The core plot of the Barbie movie was distracting men. So they would in vote, don't make the Barbie movie come true. And that's their closing message. Let me give you this message. Here is a graph of a chart of Donald Trump's death. Mike Pence, John Kelly, mark Millie, James Mattis, mark Esper, HR McMaster. These are all people who worked for Donald Trump, every one of them. These aren't lefties. The liberals calling him fascist.


This is Donald Trump's own staff. And Brett, I hearted it if we're able to pull this graphic up because I think it is compelling. I'll give it a thumbs up now as well where you can see, where you can see all of these people. Mike Pence. Donald Trump's vice president says, the American people deserve to know that Trump asked me to put him over my oath of the Constitution. Anyone who puts himself over the constitution should never be President. John Kelly Trump's former chief of staff, a person that has nothing but contemporary democratic institutions, our constitution and the rule of law. There's nothing more that can be said. God help us.


Donald Trump's former chief of staff, John Kelly, who trump promoted to chief of staff. Mark Millie Trump's top general. No one has ever been as dangerous to this country as Donald Trump. He's a total fascist. James Mattis, Trump's secretary of Defense. Donald Trump is the first president in my lifetime who does not try to unite the American people. He doesn't even try to pretend. He tries to divide us. Mark Esper, Donald Trump's other Secretary of Defense. I think he's unfit for office. He puts himself before the country. His actions are all about him and not about the country. And then of course, I believe he has integrity and character issues as well.


HR McMaster, Donald Trump's former National Security Advisor. We saw the absence of leadership, in fact, really anti leadership and what that can do to our country. By the way, I could show you John Bolton who says that Donald Trump will take us out of nato. Donald Trump says he will take us out of nato. Donald Trump calls Americans, the enemy from within Donald. Trump says there will be bloody mass deportation operations on day one. He says it's gonna be messy, it's gonna be nasty, it's gonna be ugly. He says he's gonna activate the United States military and send the military against the American people. He says he'll turn the National Guard against the American people.


He says he's going to impose 2,500 to 5000% taxes, He says by Taring countries. And he thinks we're too stupid to know what tariffs are, which are tax on imports, not the country of origin. That's, these are the things that he's out there saying. And of course, He says Americans are the enemy from within and that he will go after people who don't support him, that that's what he's gonna do. He says the media is the enemy of the people. He says as his closing message, he wants to bring America back. This is a direct quote to 1798. He says America was truly great in 1798.


He says, 'cause that's when the laws really worked, when there was slavery, when there was, by the way, his ancestors weren't even Americans in seven nine. The whole thing is, the whole thing is absolutely is absolutely ridiculous. He goes on stage and talks about invoking the Alien Enemies Act. He goes there in addition to acting like he's doing oral sex on the microphone, he keeps talking about his beautiful white skin. My beautiful white skin. He says, I mean, the guy's got this ridiculous makeup plastered all over his face. The whole thing is absolutely ridiculous. We showed you in Detroit videos where it looks like he's actually defecating on himself on stage or like relieving himself on stage.


The guy can't open a a door of a truck. We know who he is. We know who he is. And on the other hand, you have Vice President Kamala Harris, who talks about moving the nation forward. She talks about tax cuts for families, small business tax cuts, making prescription drug prices more affordable. I mean, she's the one who helped bring us things like the Infrastructure Act and the Chips Act and the Inflation Reduction Act. And also You know, I did a whole video on this today. Ask yourself, where's your 401k today? Where was your toilet paper under Donald Trump? And then also ask yourself, where do you think some of the issues happened from perhaps Donald Trump giving massive tax benefits that you can't pay for to billionaires and screwing over the middle class?


And, and mostly other Americans other than billionaires. Donald Trump cutting deals with MBS and Saudi Arabia and Putin to manipulate the price of gas after he left all of the poison pills, Donald Trump put in and refusing to even have a peaceful transition of power. January 6th, insurrection the mess. President Biden had to inherit $8 trillion in debt that Donald Trump added. Go back and watch the debates with Nikki Haley, the primary debates where Donald Trump was too scared to show up. And Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis said, not the Democrats who caused inflation at all.


It's Trump adding $8 trillion to, to the debt and printing money recklessly. That's whole Donald Trump. His whole thing is debt, debt, debt, debt, debt. He caused all of these issues. He printed money recklessly. He didn't monitor the PPP program. It was filled with rampant amount of fraud. A lot of the money didn't get to Americans who actually needed it. President Biden came and fixed the mess. Our economies actually by all objective criteria, has never been stronger than it is now. That doesn't mean it's perfect and it's working for everyone. You have businesses because they're Trump affiliated businesses frequently and have a certain type of perspective on things who are engaged very frequently in price gouging and using the circumstances as a way to try to raise their prices up on people.


And President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris are leading the entire world, not just in GDP growth, but they got inflation under control. America's economy right now is the envy of the world. The Wall Street Journal wants to act like, oh, well whoever takes office is gonna inherit a golden age. Maybe because that was done. 'cause certainly President Biden did not inherit a golden age. I remember that cover of Time Magazine when it was what a mess President Biden had to inherit. And let's not forget what that was like when Donald Trump lied to our faces and said like a miracle Covid was just gonna magically disappear and it wasn't gonna hit our shores.


And he declared victory before Covid even got here and called it a hoax. The same thing he does with climate change, the same thing he does with all of this stuff. And he puts our freaking lives at peril. So I ask you to do this. Ignore the polls. The polls don't vote. But if you can, when this episode ends, we're, we're on the goal line right now folks. There's a world where could get out of the Donald Trump loop. Just think about that. We can get out of the Donald Trump loop with the, with the hands and the ridiculous makeup and him dividing us and him using natural disasters as wedge issues and lying about relief that could get to people and talking trash about Latinos and Puerto Ricans and Jews and black people.


We could get out of this loop and be Americans again and love each other and support, defend and protect our constitution and our democracy. We the people can. And we have the ability right now, right now, don't listen to anything else other than what you can control. Get a family member, friend, coworker, neighbor to vote. Show them the ending of this episode of just what I just said. And if that's not enough to compel them to vote for their own interests, for the interest of their families and for their communities and for their loved ones and for future generations, then let's just be happy that we left it all on the table. You'll have no regrets ever that you left anything on the table, anything out there on the field, give it your all.


We're in this together and I know that you can do it. Midas mighty. It has been an honor to be by your side, to stand shoulder to shoulder with you in this movement that you've built one of the most powerful movements in political history. The Mightest mighty, the Midas voter. You did it. You can, we can do this for our country and I want to be here with you. It's gonna feel great when we get past that finish line together and I know we can do it. Let's just get to work. We still have time. Whatever you can do, volunteer, have people offer to drive, people, do all of those things. We can do this together. Alright, programming notes.


Reminder, we're going right now. We're gonna go start in about a few minutes. We'll be on the on Patreon, patreon.com/midas Touch sign up secret link there. We'll see you there Tomorrow, five 30 Eastern, two 30 Pacific. Our election coverage begins with split ticket. Again, it's a hundred percent original content. I know you will enjoy it. I hope it sets the gold standard and we're spending a lot of time preparing it. So we hope you will. We hope you will enjoy it. Thank you all so much. We've got this. You've got this. But let's get to work. We still have time to work. We still have time to do everything we can Jordy sign us out.


Shout out to the We sing our, Hey, Midas mighty love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch. Keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.