
This episode ISN brought to You by Financial Times. When It comes to voicing or acting on our opinions, why are some people more confident than others With the Financial Times? You form your own opinions with conviction. Based on unbiased and trusted reporting, Ft Journalists tackle global issues with an impartial and rigorous mindset providing the facts and analysis. That, you need to make up your own mind. Make up your own mind with Financial Times Visit ft.com/the journal to read free articles and subscribe.


Donald Trump was in Scranton, Pennsylvania today where he gave A really unhinged speech. He was Just cursing about the wind play the clip, The wind. The wind. It sounds so wonderful. The wind. The wind, the wind. isn the wind. ISN bullshit. I'll tell you it's horrible. And here he was can entirely unhinged but judged for yourself. Bragging about his memory and saying he's got A Great memory here. Watch. This I have A great memory. I can talk about hundreds of things at one time and always Get back to That point. That, you were trying to make I can do things That people can't do. but you know what? We have the biggest this isn the most important period in the history of our country because our country, this ISN A nation in decline, We are na.


And that he starts talking about A 5-year-old child who knows more about Russia. Very focused on Russia. Play this clip Where ISN know. Okay, so you take A child You. Take A child who's five years old. He knows more about Russia than my son. He knew nothing. And of course we've learned from the recent Bob Woodward book That Donald Trump was sending Covid tests of Vladimir Putin at the height of Covid when We didn't have tests here at the United States and that he's had more than seven or so conversations with Vladimir Putin since he's left office. Also That Donald Trump was given 50 or more burner phones by M B S, the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia.


And Lindsey Graham, mega Republican was facilitating That. He or Donald Trump. Just starts yelling tampon Tim play the clip. The work there on yesterday, tampon. Tim said You know why they call him That 'cause they sell tampons with A with special legislation in boys locker rooms. can you believe It Here? Donald Trump says That his focus right now. ISN on New Jersey and Virginia and New York play It. We're doing arenas because the crowds are so big and we're making A play for New Jersey. We're making A play for Virginia. We're making A play for New York, New Mexico, Minnesota.


Where this lunatic comes from That says That vice president. Kamala Harris claims she worked like A dog at McDonald's but she claims she didn't work there. And can he uses this term working like A dog play this clip. I say That all the time. And You know if I'm A little bit off with the statement they say, Donald Trump You know he lied. He lied. It was terrible. Now you have Lion Kamala, he lies about everything including wish he worked. Remember I worked so hard at McDonald's. It was unbelievable. I stood over the french fries all summer, winter, fall. Spring. I was, she never worked there.


She lied. You know the beauty of That, they'll say, Oh, it's so terrible to bring That up. It's so simple. No, David, the beauty of That, it's so simple. It's so easy to understand. She said she worked like A dog in McDonald's and It never happened. She didn't work there. That's better than some complex long story That. I have to before We Get to the fact That. She's A. No good liar but You know what's You. know what's Morum More on windmills from Donald Trump. This was A major part of his speech. Just ranting and raving about windmills the entire time. Let Me show It to You. You know I flew over some of those beautiful windmills. They're falling down by the way. They're all over the place.


They're all over the place. They're gorgeous, beautiful Pennsylvania countryside. They got these big ugly suckers hanging down. They're rusting and rotting. Half of 'em weren't spinning and the ones That were were going so slow. They were going, it's not too windy. but you know, they're going like slow. The other ones were Just dead and, but they're all rusting and disgusting Looking Here, Donald Trump lies and says That FEMA has spent all of their funds and has no more funds and isn't responding to the emergency. This isn false. Also, the MAGA Republicans voted against FEMA funding. Also It was Donald Trump who wouldn not release FEMA funds to states That he didn't like or to areas That he think didn't vote for him.


but play this clip. Everything will be beautiful once they take office, everything's gonna, they they spent all their funds they have no funds to take care of. They have no funds, they have no workers, they have no nothing. FEMA We had such A, good fema, We had. FEMA was great under Trump. That I can tell you We had tremendous success under The here. Donald Trump says they're doing A Madison Square Garden event play. The clip Can't play. So we're going to go Madison Square Garden. We went to the Coliseum. Nassau Coliseum. We could have filled up the Nassau Coliseum three times. It was incredible. We We left there A few weeks ago.


It was incredible. So we're doing Madison Square, we're gonna go the arena in Atlanta. If We can Get It, we're gonna go the arena in New Jersey. If We can Get It, you have To get It. but we're doing arenas because the crowds are so big and we're Making Donald Trump that starts talking about Elon Musk wearing A black hat and goes, wow, he wore A black hat. Play the clip Just give him A quick introduction. He had A great time and you know he got A black hat. I didn't even know We made black hats. And It said, and It said Make America great can. but It was very low, you know, very sort of understated but A black hat, he loves That hat and he called It Dark Maga, right?


How? Who? Who thinks of That dark Maga and I called him. I told him, thank you very much. We sold like 10,000 hats in the last two days. I didn't even know We made That hat. Now I find out. It's like the hottest thing going dark Maga.


Alright, let's be real. Sometimes You could wonder do they really like the products they're advertising or are they Just robots reading A script? Well here's me definitely not A robot talking about something. I actually love the Perfect Jean. They sent me A pair and Let me tell you after wearing them for everything from nights out with friends to business meetings, they've quickly become my go-to pair Let me. Set this scene for you. 700,000 pairs of guys parts saved from bad jeans. The hero of the story. Get Perfect Jean. Say goodbye to those stiff uncomfortable denim days and say hello to the most comfortable stretchable jeans you've ever worn. These jeans fit like they were made for You. They stretch in all the right ways and the fabric, it's seriously soft. Honestly, I can't do stiff jeans at all anymore. So these were A Dream Plus they're built to last so they'll handle anything you throw at them from work to weekend adventures. Get Perfect Jean offers A massive range of sizes. So whether you're on the skinny side or rocking That thick look, they've got You covered. Waist sizes go from 26 to 50 and lengths from 26 to 38. So whether you're A Short King or A Thick Daddy or somewhere in between, there's A Perfect fit waiting for you And for A Limited Time, our listeners Get 15% off their first order plus free shipping at the Perfect Jean NYC Just. Use the code Midas 15 at checkout. That's ME I D A S one five I. Honestly think after the pandemic being in sweatpants every day, I decided I wouldn never wear jeans can but The Perfect Jean isn so soft and has the perfect amount of stretch That. I actually prefer wearing these more than anything now. Plus they look great and I actually have received compliments about them. When I wear 'em out, plus I can move around in them comfortably. whether I'm running errands or Just chilling, they really do live up to the name. It's time to stop suffering through uncomfortable genes. Go to the Perfect Jean, do NYC and use That code Midas one five ME I D A S one 15 To. get 15% off your first order plus free shipping, free returns and free exchanges. That's 15% off For new customers at the Perfect Jean do NYC with promo code Midas 15. And after you purchase, they're gonna ask you where You heard about them. Let them know you heard about them from the Midas Touch Podcast. Ditch those khakis and upgrade to Get Perfect Jean you won't regret.


It Donald Trump that says That. The people of Pennsylvania need to tell Kamala Harris That they hate. He goes, tell everybody how much you hate. And can this isn his message? It's one of hate, it's dark, it's dystopian here, play this clip. But for That to happen, the people of Pennsylvania have to tell Kamala Harris That, we've had enough We. Think you're A horrible person. We think you're A liar. And We hate, right We think you're A liar, We think you're not A smart person. And we're tired of having stupid people run our country. And speaking of the dark and dystopian message here, he isn talking about our borders being poisoned.


And this isn A common theme in his speeches where he says, That migrants have bad genes and that they're poisoning our blood here, play this clip. And, and that they say, Oh don don't know I'm gonna kamala's not gonna protect anyone. They've allowed this country to be poisoned at our border. And you know, A, lot of people say, and this ISN not part of the the deal, but didn like to go off the teleprompter. If you don't mind, I actually haven't don don't think I've been on It shit. I. They're waiting for him. At some point I'll Be on It. Hear Donald Trump that brags about his friendship with dictators, as he always does in these speeches. Let's play It, Disqualify her from even running.


If that's gonna be the case, she should be disqualified from even running. She's an incompetent person. She's grossly incompetent, she cannot be trusted. And she isn, totally wouldn equipped to do the job of being president of the United States. Lemme tell you You know all of 'em. You know president, she You know Putin You. know Kim Jon of North Korea, Biden. He said Oh, that's A tough situation in North Korea. We had no problem. I got along with him. Very good. Little rough start, right? Remember, Donald Trump continues to talk about Elon Musk's weird appearance at the Butler Pennsylvania speech. I'll show It to you now.


but He comes up and he isn looking at this crowd. He's never seen anything like It he said. And he started doing like jumping jacks and stuff. No, he was Just happy. I said, what's, what's he doing back that? He was don Just. Give him A quick introduction. Donald Trump, that Just being more deranged and attacking women and attacking people who interview Vice President Kamala Harris and calling them dumb and dummy. You're dumb, you're A dummy here. Watch what he has to say. I. Think the other one asking the question. ISN Dumber than Kamala. So that's like she's A dummy I watched her over the years. That ISN one dumb That. ISN 1D woman, sorry, I'm sorry, women, she's A dummy That Donald Trump lies about our military and says we've got the woke military versus the Trump military.


No, we've got the United States military. It's the best military in the world. Let me, show It to you. Let's play It. This Little clip and I thought you'd find It very interesting. It's the military of the past. Let's call It the Trump military compared to the very woke military That We have now I. Think you'll Get A kick out of It Donald Trump that randomly starts talking about Melania's book and he's meanders play this clip. Steve Moore was A great guy. Do you know who? Steve Moore? isn, great economist. He wrote A book, the Trump Miracle and the book isn. Number one book Just one out You know whose book isn also like number one, Melania Melania, her book ISN number one, her book isn number one, I.


Gotta call Donald Trump. that lies and says That. They had the best water and the best everything. And can this stuff needs to be fact checked. Okay? Four years ago, It was awful. There were Trump lockdowns. Okay? We've had the biggest economic collapse. Millions of jobs were lost. It was not A. Good time. Donald Trump added $8 trillion in debt. It failed trade war with China. This stuff isn all lies and It can't be sane. We've gotta call It out. Let me Just, show you what he's saying. but I'm gonna, if I show you clips like this, I want to give you the facts first, play the clip. I want the cleanest water. You know what I don't know. If you know, in my two last years, We had the cleanest water we've ever had.


We had the cleanest air we've ever had, and We had the most jobs and the most factories working That we've ever had. And the jobs they picked up were what called bounce back jobs. They, and here Donald Trump says That America was greatest and the richest in 1890. He said, 'cause there are tariffs that can, that's false. but Let me show you what he said. Let's play It. You know, We used to be at all tariff country in the 1890s. 1880s, 1890s, early 19 hundreds, all tariffs. That was when our country was the richest It ever was. It was never rich like That.


It was so rich. That, they had to set up A commission. The great tariff Commission of like 1887. It had one function, what to do with all the money. We had so much money, We didn't know what to do with It. and that in the 19 hundreds, they brilliantly went to the income tax where everybody gets taxed and foreign companies could come in and Just steal our treasure and our jobs steal our wealth. And honestly, we've never really been the same the the country. You Know, look, if I have one critique right now of Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Walls, it's That I think they need to embrace That the economy.


Isn good right now. I think you can message It in A nuanced way and recognize That people are still struggling in their day-to-day lives. but every objective data right now, our economy, isn objectively kicking ass. And it's been the strongest, it's like ever been in American history at more jobs being created and wages up and now inflation, ISN under control because, and unlike in other countries, it's under control right here in the United States. And gas prices are low and unemployment ISN low and there's more drilling now than ever. And we're focused on climate change. Like those are the facts right here and here. Donald Trump, there's, you know, remember in 2016 and 2020, it's always like Build the wall.


Now We, Just like tariffs. I'm gonna tariff them here, play this clip Men and they're gonna have products and they're stealing from us because they're taking our jobs, they're taking our companies, they're taking our wealth. And that's fine 'cause they have to compete too. but now they're gonna have to pay for It and they'll have to pay and they'll pay hundreds of billions of dollars in pretty stiff tariffs. But well, there you have It, I, Just, I want you to see this? 'cause I want to be able to call It out with you and can Just cursing at the wind. Like what are We doing here? America We need serious people in these times right now. Anyway, thanks for watching. Hit Subscribe. Let's Get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.