DraftKings (0s):
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.

NortonLifeLock (1m 0s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.

FanDuel (1m 29s):
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck T what do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.

2 (1m 59s):
Donald Trump was rage posting at midnight last night. This is what he was posting literally at midnight. The polls from the fake news are like the news itself. Fake. He puts that in all caps. Exclamation point. We are doing great and that's in caps better than ever before than his next post. The USA lost billions of dollars a day in international trade under sleepy Joe Biden. I have now stemmed that tide and we'll be making a fortune very soon. Stay tuned as we make America great again. You just wait two more weeks, there'll be peace in Ukraine.

2 (2m 41s):
Two more weeks. He and Xi Jinping are gonna cut a deal. Two more weeks. There's gonna be 90 trade deals that are gonna be made two more weeks and everything's just gonna be better. That's why I call this the Ponzi scheme or rug pull presidency because literally everything he says is a lie and is a fraud. You know what's interesting too is that you know, Donald Trump was trying to get the support of the International Longshore and Warehouse Union and they were like kind of fairly supportive of him. You know, you saw the head of the International Longshore and Warehouse union, the dock workers, it's like acting like he was supportive of Donald Trump. They just put out a policy statement opposing tariffs and saying, you're costing us all our jobs.

2 (3m 26s):
You're destroying the economy. What the hell are you doing, Donald? You know, I'll tell you one of the things that he was doing is he wanted to stage that propaganda scene in front of the White House with the Eagles. You know, the White House. They invite the winner of the Super Bowl every year and the various sports championships every year. Shout out to most of the Eagles who did not show up that probably pissed Donald Trump off. I don't know how many players did you have here? Maybe less than half the team. And all their, a lot of their superstars didn't show up. Notably their quarterback. Jalen Hertz didn't show up. AJ Brown, Devonta Smith, Jalen Carter and others did not show up.

2 (4m 9s):
And they said there were scheduling conflicts, but they obviously did not want to be used as props and propaganda for an individual who's destroying the United States of America, sending migrants to concentration camps and someone who has a history of being racist and attacking black people. It's Donald Trump's background and past, let's talk about the Canadian election. Prime Minister Mark Carney's liberal party went on to win the election as of this recording and things are evolving quickly as of the time I recorded this, even though it was called that it would probably be a liberal minority government.

2 (4m 53s):
I don't think the official call has been made yet, but that's the status of where we're at. But it was unheard of that the liberal party would win this election. That's called the Trump Effect right there. So Prime Minister Carney will stay the Prime Minister at least for another period of time. I'm not sure when the next elections will be. We'll see what type of coalition, you know, is, is formed there depending on the results. But the Canadian voters seem though universally to hate Donald Trump. We heard a lot of things like this from Canadian voters here play this clip. I

5 (5m 23s):
Think he, who I voted for would be the best to take care of Trump because Trump is, I'm sorry to say and ask and he shouldn't, he shouldn't even be president of the United States. But because he is, we need a strong person so that we could stand strong.

2 (5m 41s):
Yeah. And look, Donald Trump is a wrecking ball to the world order you screwing over the United States. Worst of all, you see this from freight waves. You know, we've been geeking out on the freight and trucking volume data here on the Midas Touch Network now for what, ever since Trump declared Liberation Day, which is really liquidation day, great depression day, recession day, whatever you want to call it. We, we've been really focused on freight volumes. 'cause I wanted to see are the ships leaving the ports of Shanghai and coming to Long Beach? Are are they leaving from other ports in China and heading to the West Coast? And when I see that stopping, that means that products aren't gonna reach our shelves.

2 (6m 26s):
That means we're gonna be missing products and things that we need here in the United States. That means scarcity is coming. So Donald Trump can say things are great. But the big hit, the way I've described it is like in a tsunami where the, you know, the shoreline, it, it goes, pulls back and pulls back and pulls back. It recedes and then the tsunami hits. Like that's what's happening right now. And when Donald Trump says it's a miracle, things are great. Tariffs are both the greatest thing in the world. And they're gonna make us rich according to Donald Trump. But also he's working on all of these deals to get rid of the tariffs. And he's using it as leverage. None of it makes sense. 'cause it's all a big fraud the same way Trump's been a fraud, a felon sexual abuser his whole life.

2 (7m 7s):
Well, most of his life. That's, that's what he's doing right now. You know, the fraud and the fraud and abusive personality, fraud and, and, and just the lies here. This is from freight waves. No way we can make up for the 30 to 60% lost volumes from China via other countries due to tariffs. Said Miller. Unless the 145% China tariffs are dropped very soon. I don't see a scenario where this could take place. China and Trump aren't even talking as the least of this recording. He's no deals Donald. He hasn't been able to make a deal with even places where they were no tariffs.

2 (7m 48s):
Even places where there was trade surpluses. Even pla like he hasn't been able to make a deal with, like South Korea hasn't announced a deal with Japan yet. He hasn't been able to make a deal with Australia. You know, he, he hasn't been able to make a deal with Europe. He blew up actual trade deals that existed that were benefiting the us. Donald Trump can act like we were getting screwed. We were being taken advantage of. No we weren't. America was leading the world. Capital infusions from the world went into America. America was viewed as the, as the safest, most stable economy. We were winning. We were number one under former President Biden, objectively. And now we're losing objectively this from the Wall Street Journal.

2 (8m 31s):
So Donald Trump to soften the blow of automotive tariffs, companies paying Trump's car. Tariffs won't also be charged for other levies based on what Trump's gonna be announcing ahead of Donald Trump's to Michigan today. He's heading to Michigan for a rally outside Detroit where he is just gonna lie about everything He's announcing that he will be softening the automotive tariffs. But you claim that they're working and they're making us rich. So why would you soften something that's making us rich? Unless you're just a fraud, which is what he is. You see this moment where speaker of the house of Magna Mike Johnson was asked by CNN, why is the American public souring on Trump's policies?

2 (9m 12s):
Here play this clip. I'm

6 (9m 14s):
Not worried at all. I just had a, a great meeting with the president at the White House and he's in good spirits. And we talked about the upcoming races, the midterm elections, and we're very bullish on it here. Why is the American public saling on his policies? Listen, you know, these are presidential terms or rollercoaster. Sometimes there's been a little two molt in the markets with the tariff policy and all of that. But I think all this is settling out.

2 (9m 36s):
Oh yeah. Yes. That's why, because it's a rollercoaster mag and Mike. That's, that's the reason. It's a, it's a rollercoaster. No, it's because people hate him. 'cause he's destroying the American dream. He's destroying America's economy. He's destroying our alliances.

Allermi (9m 49s):
I know that you know that I had some pretty bad allergies. I'd read them in the comments and you said, Ben, you gotta do something about it. So I did. I got Allermi. This podcast is sponsored by Allermi. Are your allergies overwhelming you? Like they were overwhelming me? Allermi has the first and only custom nasal spray to treat your specific symptoms as they treat in mine. Standard meds don't work for everyone and specialists are hard to find accessible, affordable, and effective allergy care from allergy means you are free to do what you love to do all year long without allergies getting in the way. Don't spend another allergy season suffering. After completing a quick online consultation that's reviewed by Allie's medical team. They will formulate your unique spray. They'll send you a custom allergy kit with a moisturizing saline spray and your custom super spray for fast relief that's tailored to you. One of my favorite parts about being an Erie patient is their app on demand Expert care is very helpful when I need it. Erie's energy kit is so easy to use, just a few sprays and I'm done. Plus they deliver it directly to me. And again, one of the things I like about it too is it's prescription strength. It's FDA approved and it means you get medication that you can trust that really works. I want to just give you our discount code. If I can. You head to Allermi dot com and you use the code Midas, you get 60% OFF your order. Once again, that's Allermi. And then you use our code Midas for 60% off and you'll get the promo code Midas, so they know I sent you A-L-L-E-R mi.com. Use the code Midas for 60% OFF your order. One more time. Allermi dot com, A-L-L-E-R-M i.com and use the code. Midas,

2 (11m 42s):
did you see this? By the way, Donald Trump posted the following on April 27th. He goes, thank you to my wonderful friends in Michigan. It's gonna be great to be here today. We're doing great, blah blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That was in advance of him showing up to Michigan today for this rally that he's gonna do. Who the heck knows what this rally is is even gonna be about? It's gonna be, it's gonna be insane lie afterlife. Of course, we'll cover it here on the Midas Touch Network. Oh, and by the way, make sure you check out the virtual governor's town hall. I'm hosting tonight at eight Eastern five Pacific on our YouTube channel. I'll be hosting it live. We got four Democratic governors. We have, we talk about it in our community page.

2 (12m 21s):
Check it out. It's gonna be an incredible virtual town hall. While all of this is going on too, though, I, I want to mention this, the right wing influencers like Benny Johnson and others are saying that all of the polls that show that Donald Trump is underwater, they're all fake polls. They're saying they're all PSYOPs And that they're not real polls. The Fox poll, the Pew Research, the Reuters Ipsos poll, they're saying, you know, they claim all of them are PSYOPs. All of them are false. Every single one. They go, which is just utterly ridiculous. What were they doing at the White House yesterday? Well, they had new media show up and they were, this is like their priorities, what they were talking about.

2 (13m 3s):
And they were talking about getting rid of truckers who don't speak English and getting rid of Uber drivers in Florida who don't speak English. Like, here was a class right here. Here was a question right here that was asked, you know, well, it wasn't even a question. It was like a weird statement by the, by this right wing influencer person. They were like, well, I just wanna let you know that my Uber drivers in Florida don't, don't only speak English, thank you Trump. You did this here, play this claim

7 (13m 32s):
An accessible presidency in American history. So with that, let's kick it off and I'm happy to take your question first. Aaron,

8 (13m 39s):
Thanks so much, Caroline, both for having us and for granting me the first question here. Sure. And I kind attest to the deportations in Florida, my Uber driver finally speak English again. So thank you for that. But my, my question for you is, what are the administration's plans for those who continue to defy the executive orders? Most notably on my mind are the ones related to what some would call trans men. I would call men masque as trans women, which are men masquerading as girls in girls sports.

7 (14m 4s):
Sure, obey federal law or you will be prosecuted, obey federal law. And you could see your CU federal funding cut whether you are a college or university. We have seen the president, again, using the leverage of this administration and to negotiate deals with some of the biggest colleges and universities in this country. And if they don't wanna come to the negotiating table to apologize for the federal laws they have broken to apologize for allowing Jewish American students on our nation's campuses to be unlawfully bullied and harassed, then there's going to be consequences for that illegal behavior. I

2 (14m 38s):
Think what in the world are they even talking about? And this is Caroline Levitt bragging about making sure truckers only speak English here, play this club.

7 (14m 48s):
And then the third executive order, which actually speaks to the heart of your question earlier about the Uber drivers, will be a order directing the Department of Transportation to include English literacy tests for our truckers. This is a big problem in the trucking community that unless you're in that community, you might not know. But there's a lot of communication problems between truckers on the road with federal officials and local officials as well, which obviously is a public safety risk. So we're gonna ensure that our truckers, who are the backbone of our economy are all able to speak English. That's a very common sense policy in the United States of America. So the president will be signing that later this afternoon. Thank you. Yeah, you're welcome to the back in the yellow tie.

2 (15m 27s):
Thank you. There you have it folks. We'll keep you posted every step of the way with more news, but very bizarre behavior by Donald Trump. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The

9 (15m 37s):
Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store dot Midas touch.com All 100% USA Union made.