
Donald Trump is spiraling and his stooges in Congress are right there with him becoming more unhinged by the day. While Trump was completely MIA from the campaign trail, I mean, where was he on Friday? He was just spewing deranged conspiracy theories on a social media app. Vice President Harris was out front doing the work and landing devastating blows. On Friday. She took the fight straight to Trump, holding two powerhouse events, one in Atlanta and another in front of a packed arena in Madison, Wisconsin, and she unveiled a new ad that left Trump's campaign reeling. I'm gonna break it all down for you, but first, could you do this quickly for me? Make sure you subscribe to this channel, hit the like button and leave a comment. It all helps a whole lot. Thank you.


Okay, let's get into it. Let's check out what Donald Trump was posting while he was not on the campaign trail. Yesterday. Donald Trump wrote, how bad is it when a candidate running for office makes a major part of her campaign that she works at McDonald's? and it turns out not to be true, but the worst part is the media refuses to talk about it. Like what? This is how the guy's spending this key day, like 45 days out from the election making up lies that Kamala Harris didn't actually work at McDonald's. This is just so bizarre. It's honestly not even worth me giving any more time. So, let's see. Donald Trump's campaign message that he was delivering on a social media app. This is what Donald Trump, I guess, thinks is the most important issue to the American people.


He writes, I saved flavored vaping in 2019 and it greatly helped people get off smoking. I raised the age to 21, keeping it away from the kids. Kamala and Joe want everything banned, killing small businesses all over the country. I'll say vaping again. As Our editor in chief, Ron Kowski wrote, Trump's campaign right now is focused on crypto vaping, threatening Jews, McDonald's employment records and selling shoes. That's quite the campaign. Meanwhile Kamala Harris was in Madison in Wisconsin, delivering her actual message of, you know, actual policy to the people in an important swing state. In this crunch time of the election, I want you to take a look at this crowd.


No AI required here. This crowd was absolutely packed to the brim. I wanna show you my favorite moment from this rally in Madison, but first, let me show you what she was doing earlier in the day in Atlanta, earlier in the day, she said she was talking about her debate performance against Donald Trump, and she was like, yeah, I had a good time. That was fun. Check this out. And In our debate last week, Well, that was fun, But, and I know everyone here paid attention to the words, though.


The words, Right? I'm trying to get another debate. We'll see. Kamala Harris also discussed some really serious issues at this Atlanta event and spoke about the hypocrisy that shrouds these Republicans who pretend to be like they are in the best interest in women or children. Kamala Harris did not hold back here and called them out. This was so powerful. One in three women in America lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban. This includes Georgia and every state in the South except Virginia. Think about that when you also combine that with what we know has been longstanding neglect around an issue like maternal mortality.


Yes. Think about that. When you compound that with what has been longstanding neglect of women in communities with a lack of the adequate resources they need for healthcare, prenatal during their pregnancy, postpartum. Think about that. And these hypocrites wanna start talking about this is in the best interest of women and children. Well, where you been? Where you been when it comes to taking care of the women and children of America where you been?


How dare they? How dare they come On? Wow, that was, that was really powerful. So let's check in now at what the Republicans in Congress are doing. Let's check in on Donald Trump's favorite Congress. People like James Comer. Oh, look, James Comer was on Fox and James Comer was mocking Tim Wall's family on Fox saying that they're scary and look indoctrinated. It's just so weird. Watch this. Yeah, that's a scary family there. I mean, you know, the, it looks like the type of family that's been indoctrinated and they, they, they believe that there's a better way to do business. And you know, with some of the things that the WATS have said about China, their affection for China, that's very concerning to me because we don't want to set our business model like China's.


I mean, China's already got too big of a foothold here in the United States, still in a, Okay, James Comer, you want to talk indoctrinated? Well, let's pull up this picture of Lauren Bobert and her family. That's right. That's Lauren Bobert and her family and her kids all holding AR fifteens. This James Comer is called Indoctrination. Whatever it was you were doing is called projection, and it's quite frankly, pathetic. If that wasn't enough for James Comer, he then had to go on Newsmax because he was so bothered that Congressman Jared Moskowitz mocked him the other day on the house floor saying, Hey, so you ever gonna bring that impeachment resolution about President Biden? We're still waiting over here. Comer did not like that.


And so Comer went on Newsmax to call Moscowitz a clown and said, if this was a thousand years ago, he would be the little person that juggles for entertainment in front of the king. This guy's so weird. Play it. He's just a clown. He is not a serious legislator. I'm stunned that you two aren't close, so I figured you guys would be among the closest in Congress. No, my, my friends are tough guys. Yeah, from Kentucky, you know, I grew up in Appalachia, Moscowitz. I mean, I don't know, he's, he came around a thousand years too late. If this were a thousand years ago, he would be in the Kings Court. He'd be the little person that juggles for entertainment in front of the king, and that's what Moscowitz would've done. He is, he's came around a thousand years too late. Well, That is going to get clipped and picked up somewhere.


Congressman, he also Jar Moscowitz, responded to this on x Twitter, whatever you call it these days. He wrote some history. Jester's privilege was the ability and right of a jester to talk and mock freely without being punished. I mean, he makes a good point. It's all so stupid. Everything is so stupid here with this Republican party. It's completely unserious, and that's why I love this new ad that the Lincoln Project released yesterday. They call it the Village Idiot, and they said once every village had an idiot, it took MAGA to make one a leader. This is brutal watch. There's an old saying, it takes a village. Every great step this nation took in its history from civil rights to women's rights.


They required community partnership, the village, but in every village there's the same risk, the village idiot. And the one thing you never do is let the village idiot call the shots. We did it once. We can't do it again this November vote. Your village depends on it.


Let's be real. Wearing pants usually sucks, right? But public rec has changed the game with their day maker pants. These pants look sharp like tailored slacks, but they feel like you're lounging in sweatpants, super stretchy, breathable, and with an elastic waistband that makes them perfect for anything lounging a night out or even a first date. No one will even know you're this comfortable. Now, I've personally been wearing these pants on just about every occasion, and they've quickly become my favorite. I went to a concert recently and wore my public rec pants. I was able to move and dance and feel great. Then a few days later, I went out to a fancy dinner, wore the same pants, and I was getting compliments left and right. But the secret, I feel like I'm wearing sweats. The fit is perfect too, because you're not stuck with a small, medium or large public. Rec lets you pick the exact size you need, and they come in great colors, navy, stone, gray, dark olive, you name it. So stop the suffering in regular pants for a limited time. Our listeners get 20% off when you use Code Midas at checkout. That's 20% off with code Midas, M-E-I-D-A s@publicrec.com. After you purchased, they'll ask where you heard about them, please support our show and tell them that we sent you say goodbye to pants that put up a fight. Because when comfort meets style, you found public Wreck


Meanwhile. The Harris campaign launched a six figure ad by criticizing Donald Trump for his support of Mark Robinson. Of course, the story broke this week in CNN that Mark Robinson had used an account on a porn website in which He said he supported slavery, called himself a black Nazi, and it only got worse, and a weirder from there. Somehow Donald Trump still has not distanced himself from Mark Robinson. He's going to North Carolina. I don't, I'm not sure if he's going to appear with him or not. He did appear with him the last time he was there. What we do know is that Donald Trump is keeping his endorsement of Mark Robinson, as is the North Carolina GOP.


They say they stand fully behind their black Nazi slavery supporter. What a party workers, on the other hand are coming over to Kamala Harris. They're showing their full support. The Pennsylvania Teamsters endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris for president this week. They are bucking what their national chapter did. Along with all of these local chapters of the teamsters. They are speaking out and they are saying, vice President Harris is our person that we want in the Oval Office. There's been this rift in the Teamsters. If you remember, Sean O'Brien, the president of the Teamsters, had talked at the RNC. He gave a speech for Trump. One of those nights. He was criticized for it. And a lot of people have been wondering what the heck is going on with Sean O'Brien and the Teamsters, because now we're seeing all of these people speak out in the teamsters against him and against this decision to not endorse a candidate.


This cycle And, this one is particularly impactful because it is Teamsters vice president at large, John Palmer He said that in his personal experience approaching the workers in the union, that the union is probably 60 to 30 or so in favor of Kamala Harris. Watch A couple articles today that, that are bringing into question the methodology. My personal experience in approaching workers in our union is that that 60 30 probably belongs to the to to Mr. Harris Teamster's, VPL large. John Palmer also said that the facts are very clear. The eight rank and file members that were on these round tables all chose to endorse Kamala Harris.


Here it is on C-N-N-I-I. I think our members know the truth and and we have to. We've wasted six, eight months not talking to our members and not sharing the fact. The facts are very clear. The eight rank and file members that were on those round tables all chose to endorse Harris. The facts that were provided to those eight members and the rest of the GEB, were overwhelmingly in support of Ms. Harris. So we should have provided those to our members, and we need to do that as soon as possible. Well, John, let me ask, okay, and I told you that I was gonna share with you my favorite moment of Vice President Harris in Madison, Wisconsin.


This was so powerful. Vice President Harris did not hold back. Watch, Think about that. Just imagine Donald Trump with no guardrails. He who has vowed to be a dictator on day one, he who has called for quote, the termination of the Constitution of the United States of America. And let us be very clear, someone who suggests we should terminate the Constitution of the United States should never again stand behind the Seal of the President of the United States.


Never again. Never again. And as Vice President Harris's momentum continues to grow. As this campaign continues to soar, it feels like a good time to check in on Trump media, which tends to be an indicator of all things Trump, how things are going in Trump world. So let's check it out. Donald Trump's stock yesterday dropped another 7.82%. This thing, every single day keeps going lower and lower and lower. Let's now check in with Donald Trump's lawyers one more time. Let's see what Alina Habb is up to. Oh, Alina Hobba is with golfer, John Dailey, and the two of them are expressing their love and admiration for quote Daddy Trump. Watch this, The goat of golf.


Who loves Big Daddy Trump. I love Daddy Trump. Oh, hey, I just got a great future behind me. That's all I got. We just love our country. We do love our country. We love our country. Vote Trump. Vote Trump. Yeah, that's some weird stuff. Tim Walls was right when He said, these are some weird people. I think you see why you have Kamala Harris out there building this momentum speaking about policy, and you have Donald Trump and his associates doing whatever it is the hell that they are doing in this crunch time before the election with 45 or so days until we go, anyway, we gotta keep spreading these messages, right? So make sure that you are subscribed to this channel here on YouTube. Hit the subscribe button and hit that notification bell to make sure that you're always up to date.


Anytime we drop a video, make sure you subscribe to the Midas Touch Podcast. It's completely free. We put these takes on the podcast feed so you can listen to them anytime you want. You could get that anywhere you listen to podcasts. Just add it, give us a five star review. It really helps. And you could check out our store@store.midastouch.com for the best pro-democracy gear. A hundred percent Union made in the USA. Of course. Thank you so much for watching, and we'll see you next time. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.