
When she said that, well, your rallies, people leave. Honestly, nobody does. And if I saw them leaving, I'd say, and ladies and gentlemen, make America great again and I'd get the hell out. Okay? Is somebody at the top to say, you can't flood our, Because I don't want people leaving. Yeah. So I guess they're calling that a town hall in Flint. Michigan, Donald, Trump speaking there. One of the last visits he made to Michigan, of course, he hosted an event in a purported black church that he filled up with white MAGA supporters. Here he is now in Flint after himself, contributing to a lot of the problems there. And again, this went off the rails very, very quickly.


Watch this, Not once but twice. You've literally taken a bullet for our country, and yet you keep fighting. You never give up. The reason that you're gonna win in November is because America needs a fighter. And we've never needed a fighter more, and we've never had somebody more qualified to step in in our lead, our country than you. I'd love for you to tell us why do you want to be president and why do you continue fighting even after they keep attacking you every single day?


So we ran Thank, you everybody a a lot of love in this room. I love you, you love me. We love Sarah. Here he is again. play the clip. See, she said, I got said, I don't think I've ever said this before. So we do these rallies, they're massive rallies. Everybody loves everybody. Stay till the end. By the way, you know when she said that, well, your rallies, people leave. Honestly, nobody does. And if I saw them leaving, I'd say, and ladies and gentlemen, make America great again. And I get the hell out. Okay? Is somebody smarter at the top to say you can't flood our argue? Because I don't want people leaving, but I, I do have to say.


So I give these long, sometimes very complex sentences and paragraphs, but they all come together. I do it a lot. I do it with raisin cane. That story, I do it with the story on the catapults on the aircraft carries. I do it with a lot of different stories. When I mention Dr. Hannibal Lecter, I'm using that as an example of people that are coming in from silence of the lamps. I use it. They say it's terrible. So they say, so I'll give this long complex area, for instance, that I talked about a lot of different territory. The bottom line is, I said, the most important thing, we are gonna bring more plans into your state and this country to make automobiles. We're gonna be bigger than before.


But the fake news is, and there's a lot of them back there, if you know for a town hall, there's a lot of people. But the fake news likes to say, the fake news likes to say, oh, he was rambling. No, no, that's not rambling. That's genius. When you can connect the dots, you gotta, Now, now Sarah, if you couldn't connect And play this clip, We're energy independent. We were soon going to be energy dominant and we would've been now having so much money coming out of the energy. We just have the best, we have Bagram in Alaska. They say it might be as big, might be bigger than all of Saudi Arabia.


I got it approved. Ronald Reagan couldn't do it. Nobody could do it. I got it done in their first week. They terminated it As if you think that isn't bad enough, just doubling down, Play it, Eliminated it. Check that one out. Bagram check that one out on it. It's, it's, no, think about this, between Bagram, between you go to Anwar You. And again, a lot of this is just like the ramblings of, and ravings of, of like a madman. Give George Conway credit for the antis psychopath pack for calling it out. We've done a lot of videos here on the Midas Touch Network. But anyway, I'll keep showing you more clips like this.


I just, I don't want to sane wash what it is you're watching here. play the clip. My name is Isaiah. I'm a third generation UAW worker working hard to build trucks here in America. Yes. Yes. Get ready. You're gonna be doing plenty of it. Thank You sir. Thank you sir. I work for Ford and you actually came and visited the plant that I work at, right? That's right. You did. And my question to you, sir, is what do you see as the major threats to the future of Michigan manufacturing, auto working jobs, and what will you do to eliminate those threats, sir?


Okay, so I'll get into another little bit of a long answer because when you say major threat to me, we have one really major threat that's called nuclear weapons. We call, we have other countries that, And he continues on I mean. This is, I guess they say Trump being Trump play this clip, This nuclear power. And when I hear these people talking about global warming, that's the global warming you have to worry about. Not that the ocean's gonna rise in 400 years, an eighth of an inch and you'll have more seafront property, right? If that happens. I said, is that good or bad? I said, isn't that a good thing if I have a little property on the ocean, I have a little bit more property, I have a little bit more ocean.


But the, yeah, Keep, keep talking Donald, keep on talking. Then he goes and says this, Except for China, we have to call it Covid. What the hell does covid mean? The China virus. And a lot of people think they did that because they were not happy with me as president. I actually had a great relationship with President Xi.


So when we started the Midas Touch Network, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now we're able to bring you the best pro democracy merchandise and it's so easy. And it's all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million order stage, Shopify's there to help you grow the same way it helped us grow at the Midas Touch Network, whether you're selling scented soap sounds good, or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers with the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to the other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star, we use Shopify at store dot midas touch.com, and I know you know how seamless that is and it's completely revolutionized everything we do. It allows us to easily manage our shop view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products, you know, in love without Shopify. And we can't speak highly enough about Shopify. Shopify powers, 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs like maas, touch of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify. So Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Midas, all lowercase, go to Shopify, S-H-O-P-I-F-Y. So go to Shopify dot com slash midas now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in, Shopify dot com slash Midas


and here he is again in fled to Michigan. I'm not sure he's really winning anyone over with this Mom of three, a grandmother of seven and three, great Grands, a registered nurse, Retired, retired nurse, So I. know the cost that goes into raising children and running a household. Yeah, people just can't survive. Now how are you going to bring down the cost of food and groceries? Good Very. good Thank you. So we have to start always with energy.


Always. I don't wanna be boring about it, but there's no bigger subject. It covers everything. If you make donuts, if you make cars, whatever you make, energy is a big deal and we're gonna get that. It's my ambition. To, get your energy bill within 12 months, down 50% if I can do that. You've done a hell of a job. 5 0 5, not 15, 50 interest rates are going to follow. And actually they're gonna follow for another reason. The economy is now not good. And interest rates, you'll see, they'll do the rate cut and all the political stuff tomorrow, I think. And you know, will he do a half a point? Will he do a quarter of a point? But the reason is because the economy's not good, otherwise you wouldn't be able to do it.


But we're gonna get interest rates down and we gotta work with our farmers. Our farmers are being decimated right now. They're being absolutely, absolutely decimated. And you know, one of the reasons is we allow a lot of farm product into our country. We're gonna have to be a little bit like other countries. We're not gonna allow so much come, we're gonna let our farmers go to work. And don don't know if you remember, I love the farmers because you know, I had many meetings as president. I had this gorgeous room with this beautiful table that seats about 35 people and I was with the farmers. Usually everybody wants something, they all want subsidy. But I was with the farmers and I think you might've been there actually, Sarah, I said, look fellas, we're gonna get you such a beautiful subsidy, meaning I'm gonna do things.


And one of the people raised this in, sir, honestly, we don't want a subsidy. This is the first time this ever happened to me. Everyone wants, they want money. Why? They want build windmills. We want money with these windmills. Hey yy, yay. Anyway, but you know what, it was amazing. He said, almost tears in his eyes. We don't, they we're getting decimated. We don't want a subsidy, we just wanna, I, I'm only gonna show a few more clips, but I have to highlight how disqualifying this lit Michigan thing is here, Play it 2020, we did much better than 2016. People don't like to hear it, you know? Oh, he's a conspiracy theorist. You know, we got millions and millions more votes.


We did much better. It wasn't even a contest. I was telling one of the papers, they said, what was the difference? I said, well, the difference is we did much, much better the second time, but we had a lot of things happen. We know what those things are. So Here he is again. One more felt That disgusting result and they never put it up. You know what they did with it? They sold it for 5 cents and it was expensive oil. It was exactly what the border patrol wanted with the anti-climb plate on top, which I always hated because I didn't like the look of it. But you know, they demonstrated it. We had mountain climbers and a couple of drug climbers too. These guys are amazing. They can, they put a hundred pounds of drugs on the back and they go up the wall like it's nothing. But they couldn't get over the plate.


So all of a sudden I said, okay, I'll put the plate on. I didn't like it. I liked it better without the plate, but it didn't Seriously, seriously. I mean, how was this even a thing? Anyway, then he goes on, I'll show you a little bit more. play the clip. And Because they have the material, we don't. What we have is a thing called gasoline. We have gasoline, we have so much gasoline, we don't know what to do. They don't have gasoline. So why are we making a product that they dominate? They're gonna dominate. I got one. I got one more for you here. Play it. We need is somebody smart at the top to say you can't flood our Market? Well, there you have it. I don't even know what that was in Flint, Michigan. Hit subscribe.


Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.