
A, B C Thursdays Welcome back.


Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why Didn't you tell me you were Pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just Another Doctor My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna Sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are, unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C and Stream on Hulu


Election Day draws ever nearer Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris or touring the country focusing on swing states. Very different approaches though. On the one hand you have Donald Trump speaking in front of very small crowds with people leaving in the middle of his speeches. He's talking about how he hates overtime pay and thinks that people don't deserve it. He blames the small crowd sizes on Vice President Kamala Harris and President Biden not providing him with enough security. He also says that nobody, nobody is talking about the environment anymore. He says, and isn't that funny?


He says, on the other hand, vice President Kamala Harris is out there speaking in front of packed stadiums, packed crowds like the crowd she spoke in front of recently in Las Vegas, Nevada, where she's providing detailed policy positions. And you can feel the enthusiasm in the room. Earlier today, Donald Trump held a vay, very dangerous PR stunt in Valdosta, Georgia, diverting resources of the first responders necessary in the aftermath of the devastating hurricane. Helene Donald Trump quite literally used rubble from the hurricane to build a podium where he gave a speech where he was lying and saying that the federal government is not providing any support or enough support, which is completely false and be lied by the statements about the Republican and Democratic governors from the impacted areas.


We have that audio once again, a terribly dangerous PR stunt designed by Donald Trump to divide we the people on something where we should be coming together and fixing problems and being there for our fellow Americans. Finally, vice President Kamala Harris got a key endorsement from the former Arizona very conservative Republican Senator Jeff Flake. We'll talk about that and also how Vice President Kamala Harris is expanding the map. States like Texas and Florida may be in play. Earlier today, I spoke with the Democratic Congress member and senatorial candidate, democratic Congress member Colin Allred.


We'll talk about that as well. Brett Jordy, welcome to the show, everybody. It's good for me to be back. Thank you everybody for all of your support. While I was gone, Brett did an incredible job filling in for all of the hot takes. I hope to see much more of that as well. And I know you all do as well. Thank you to our entire team here at the network for making that transition. Easy for me. And thank you everybody for your wishes. Brett, Jordy, how are you doing guys? Doing great, Ben. It's great having you back. I know everybody here is so excited to have you back. It's been awesome. You know, the, just the reaction that I've received, like the warm welcome that I received by stepping into your shoes to do some of these hits.


And for those wondering, I will certainly be doing more. Don't you worry. I see a lot of people asking, was it a one-off thing? Is he coming back? I'm, I'm gonna be doing it. I did, I did some over the weekend and I'll be, I'll be doing more this week. Don't you worry. But I know we have a lot to talk about. I want to first send, you know, all, all my thoughts to those affected by this hurricane. You know, our hearts are with you. And, you know, please look into any sort of resources that could be helpful to you online and, and, and we're here for you. You know, I think in, in these moments, I, I think one of the most important things is to try to bring people together and unify folks and, and try to look for, you know, what's best in everybody and, and how we could all help one another.


Unfortunately, we see far too often, you know, the forces that be in our nation trying to divide us and further rip us apart. And we'll get into that in this episode. But I wanted to, to start off by, by sending my well wishes to everybody. Jordy, how are you doing? Well said B Couldn't have said it better myself. Ben, fantastic to have you back. I'm not trying To get anybody in trouble, Ben. But last episode, I don't know if you heard Poppo swore on, on, on, on the episode, and so I just, I thought I should let you know, just in case he gave us a, gave us a whole explicit tag on that. Which curse word did he use? You can just say, I, I don't wanna say and I feel bad ratting him out, but like, I know it was brought to your attention most likely by, by people who leave the review. So I just, I just wanted to come clean 'cause I know Brett wasn't gonna say anything.


And yeah, pe people like Unfiltered Pop POC on the show. I mean, people were no be, it's so, it's so great to have you back, man. It's so great. But Brett did an excellent job with those hot takes. I'm stoked that he's gonna keep doing them, honestly. Like they've been amazing. I I just, it just, it's just great. I just love this network. I, I love, I love this community so much, man and Ben, congratulations with everything man. Let's get into it. So Donald Trump has his MAGA followers. Granted it was a small crowd as a speech over the weekend in Erie, Pennsylvania, critical swing state. He now has them clapping over no overtime pay. Yes folks, it is a cult. This is his message. He hates overtime. Play the clip. A Lot of people don't give. I know a lot about overtime.


I'd hated to give overtime. I hated it. I'd get other people, I shouldn't say this, but I'd get other people in. I wouldn't pay. I hated this is gonna lead to Here. When he said I got other people to, I hated to pay it, I wouldn't pay it. He said, Trump's project 2025 plan calls for allowing employers to stop paying workers for overtime. Also, you know how Donald Trump would say no tax on tips when Donald Trump actually was in office. He had no tips on tips. His plan was that employers owned the tips of the service workers. Service workers. You would have to give your tips to your employers. The Democrats stop that in an omnibus Bill. I'm seeing a bit of a theme here. Ben. So no tax on tips because tips don't exist anymore because the boss gets to keep your tips.


That's the, that's the fine print on the, on the Trump policy. And also no tax on overtime. Once again, read the fine print on the Trump overtime because you ain't getting overtime because Donald Trump wants to eliminate to overtime pay. It's one of the main functions of Project 2025. One of like their main initiatives. And Donald Trump is now in the final days of this election, working it into his stump speech, working it into his stump speech that he wants to take away people's overtime. And he has his supporters clapping for it. Just think about this current state of the race. I'd say this though, in that clip alone, the folks who were behind him initially, because I think it was the first time he's really started to roll this no overtime pay out in his speech, in his thumb speech. They were a little taken aback at first.


Like you see people's eyes start darting like, should we clap? Should we clap? And it's such a cult, right? And they feel so like that they have to clap for everything. The man does that eventually they do give in and start to do it. But when their initial reaction was like, wait, did he just, did he just say what I, I think he just said. I mean that clip is really revealing. You know, one of the weird like alluring things I think to Trump's followers is that they like that he hurts people, but they like that he hurts those other people, right? And they're not hearing me. He hurts those people. And I like that he's making those people upset. And so nobody thinks it's going to happen to them. And so they're like, oh yeah, take away that overtime. We don't need those, you know, loser workers. We need that overtime, but we don't need, it's the same thing.


Anytime I speak to anybody who has done contracting work for Donald Trump over the years, they never thought that it would happen to them. They never thought that he's not gonna stiff me. He stiffed all those other people because, oh, they did bad work or they were bad workers. No, they're, they're not, he's not gonna stiff my company. Next thing you know, they're out millions of dollars because Donald Trump refuses to pay them and then sues them and then does all these legalese in order to just crush these small businesses. It's a, it's a tale as old as time with Donald Trump. And it just keeps going in one stupid circle because then the lawyers all buy in with that same principle. Oh, he won't stiff me. He's not gonna stiff he'll treat me, right? I know I'm gonna be the one who he thinks and and pays. No, it's like an endless circle of stupid and grift.


And then the natural evolution is the Democrats did it. Biden did it. Kamala did it, it's their fault. And then you have a corporate media and a propaganda media that spreads that message over again. They did that to you. They were the ones who took your overtime pay away. Yeah, but you were the one who ah, they made me do it. It was their fault. Anyway, at the same speech where Donald Trump was talking about how he hates overtime pay, as we are learning more about the devastating effects and impact of Hurricane Helene yesterday and Donald Trump's speech. He said that no one's talking about the environment anymore. Climate change is the biggest scam of all time.


That's what he was talking about yesterday. While all of this was going on play this clip And now we call it, do you ever notice this was such a big deal, the environmental stuff. I haven't heard the environmental stuff mentioned in six months. I was saying the other night, what the hell happened to the environment? David, will you figure this out? David McCormick? Everybody vote for it. David, will you figure this out? You know. No, but think about this. I haven't heard Mike, I haven't heard, they don't ever talk about the environment anymore.


You know why Mike is saying don't talk about it now. No, it's one of the great scams of all time. You know why they don't talk about it? Because people aren't buying it anymore. It's, I don't wanna use bad language. My wife said, please don't use bad language. They are talking about it every day. They're talking about it now in the wake, especially of the devastation of these increasingly lethal and devastating hurricanes and Donald Trump there making this a major part of his campaign saying that climate change isn't real. And in fact he says rising water levels are better 'cause you'll get more beachfront property even though that literally makes no sense.


If the water rises, you have less beachfront property. Perhaps Donald Trump's talking about one of his properties where perhaps if it rises temporarily, he'll have more beachfront. I don't even know what he's talking about. This is part of his speech. So he gives these sit down interviews like this where he says that, Hey, more beachfront property, this is good play this clip. The single biggest threat, not global warming. When they say that the seas will rise over the next 400 years, one eighth of an inch. You know, which means basically you have a little more beachfront property. Okay? Think of it, the seas are gonna rise, who knows? But this is the big threat. I watched Biden the other night. It's the greatest existential, he loves that word 'cause it's a big word.


And he thinks, you know, he thinks he knows. He doesn't even know what the hell the word means. He goes, it's the greatest existential threat to our country. Global warming. Tell the people in North Carolina, tell the people in Georgia, tell the people in Florida, tell the people in Alabama right now that tell him that. No, but we'll show you in a little bit what Donald Trump said when he held this PR stunt in Valdasta, Georgia, where he said, nobody expected this. Nobody said it was coming. Well, we did. We did. People are saying that. Scientists are saying that people who care about facts are saying that every single day. And just because you lead a death cult and not a political party doesn't mean reality doesn't exist.


It does exist in the real world. And when you listen to him say that, just even the things existential, that's a big word. Existential. Ooh, that's smart word. But that's why he says that word. Nobody talks about it. The biggest gift, by the way, just to prove to you that he says this over and over again here he was in Michigan in the last week or so, speaking to Sarah Huckabee Sanders. So now what they do is like, if you're a Republican governor, you have so little self-respect for yourself. If you're Sarah Huckabee Sanders that you now become a moderator for a bizarre town hall that Donald Trump holds in Flint, Michigan. Like what? You're a governor of a state like go, go be in Arkansas. What are you doing? Play the clip. This nuclear power.


And when I hear these people talking about global warming, that's the global warming you have to worry about. Not that the ocean's gonna rise in 400 years, an eighth of an inch and you'll have more seafront property, right? If that happens. I said, is that good or bad? I said, isn't that a good thing if I have a little property on the ocean, I have a little bit more property, I have a little bit more ocean. But What are you even talking about? You want more seafront property over your land and you'll have less land, you'll have less beachfront property, you'll have more water and you can be dead. Like what are you talking about here? And we saw the devastating impact of this with Covid, right? Where a leader starting in 2019, if Hillary Clinton was in office, do you think Hillary Clinton would say like a miracle it's all gonna go away.


Or the moment she was aware of covid in Wuhan China, do you think that she would immediately tell the people right away that she would rally the entire world as America should as a leader to try to do everything, to stop this, to communicate on a daily basis for years leading up to, that's why it's called COVID-19. 'cause it happened in 2019, but Donald Trump in 2020 was saying really what, through April, like a miracle, it was all going to go away. Then you had the Trump shutdowns because he mishandled the thing and then he would brag about his ratings every day. And now the corporate media wants us to like wave one of those men in black wands and act like that didn't happen.


That it was the most ridiculous and dangerous abdication of duties in the history, responsible for the deaths of millions of people where there were food lines, mobile morgues in the United States. You didn't have toilet paper every day. I mean, this was a devastating period. And we're supposed to pretend what? That he wasn't in that, that that was just a thing like, oh, well give, if it wasn't for Covid, the economy, would it be great? What are you first off, no, there was a recession before Covid that was starting Donald Trump's trade war against China was an absolute disaster. He was already increasing our debt more than any other president. Those are just objective facts.


And then he mishandled it. You don't get what other presidency are. You're just like, you know what? Forget that whole entire year. Not his fault, even though he was the one in charge and said things like this, play the clip, It's going to disappear one day. It's like a miracle. It will disappear. And from our shores, we've, you know, it could get worse before it gets better, could maybe go away. We'll see what happens. Nobody really knows. People do know. People did know. They were trying to give the advice and he was doing freaking wavy things with the stupid hands versus giving people the facts. And lemme just show you some other clips from this speech that Donald Trump gave. Can I just make one, I make one observation for one second before we get to these other clips.


Anytime you hear Donald Trump say, and nobody knows, nobody knew this, nobody knew this could have happened. It's he's talking about himself. Nobody knows what existential means. You don't know what it means, Donald. Like you don't know what that word means. And like that's, this is your way of admitting it. That this, you, you'll notice that's a common theme in all the things that he does. But you know, this, this is why we've kind of been trying to bring these climate issues to the forefront because they really do affect people's lives. And one of the, I think, enraging things for me personally is when I look at a state like Florida and I see Republicans in charge there, and I see somebody like Iran DeSantis and I see what they are trying To get their citizens angry about there in Florida.


What is Rhon Des Sandis trying to rile his people up about, he's trying to rile people up about trans people. That's, that's what he's making them all mad about. He is trying to rile them up about books that have L-G-B-T-Q content than them. Gotta make them real mad about the books. Meanwhile, they're getting crushed by these storms. These states are getting crushed by these school shootings. All this horrific stuff is actually happening that is endangering the lives of their kids, the lives of their families. And the Republicans are doing this like waving of the keys, like in the movie up, look over here, squirrel at, at these trans issues and all these other things while people suffer. And that's why I think it's so important for us here to continue to highlight these sorts of issues and why, you know, it's important that you all highlight these issues and it's just so infuriating to see the same playbook over and over with Donald Trump, whether it's Covid, which was like a, a fast moving disaster.


I I I will say to now, climate change and, and global warming that's over a longer period of time and seeing him do the same thing, it's not gonna happen. It's, it's gonna go away. Look, it's actually not that serious. Look, it's actually cooling in a lot of places. Oh look, do it is, it's snowing outside. What is that global warm like the, the unseriousness of which he's taking it is exactly how he handled Covid. And we saw the devastation that that wrought in the country. The same thing is going to happen if we elect people like Donald Trump. The same thing will happen. People will suffer, people will die. People are already dying. More people will die if Donald Trump is elected. This is just, these are just the facts. It's why, it's just, it's so, it's all so infuriating to me. Sorry, Ben, I in, oh, I interviewed Democratic Congress member Colin Allred, who's running for the Senate seat against Ted Cruz, right?


And Ted Cruz is of the maga elk of Trumpian nonsense and they can't even get their electric grid to work in Texas. But what these magos try to make their people feel like is so disenchanted to have no agency over themselves to make them think that there is no better path forward. And Brett, to your point, just distract with this idiocracy over and over and over again. And it's exhausting. And I understand why people want to turn away from it, but your life is on the line. Like, just take a look. I'll take a bit of a divergence from these Trump clips, but Ted Cruz is just another version of this.


Ted Cruz doesn't care that Donald Trump called his wife ugly and said that his dad killed JFK. And Ted Cruz is a power hungry monster out there who freaking hates the people in Texas. He hates his constituents. And he runs around right now of doing a version of Trump, right? Doing a version of this weirdo standup creepy routine. Like take a look at here, like let's talk, take a look at Ted Cruz and who he's running against with Colin Reg. Just so you see the difference. Ted Cruz been given these speeches like this one, a turning point in USA where he talks about, look, liberal women are unhappy because they got their men's weenies aren't good weenies here. Like, like this. What are you even talking about here? Play this clip Left is so bad.


They're so unhappy, they're so pissed off. And by the way, if you were a liberal woman and you had to sleep with those weenies With, You'd be pissed too If you had to sleep with those weenies. Dude, you went to Harvard Law. What is this shtick? What what, who be Abe. Like you had to deal with these weenies. Here he is mocking the fact that he abandoned his state when they suffered from freezing weather and devastation. And he went to Cancun and he was caught in the airport.


And then he joked about it and said, I love you Orlando. He's giving a speech in Orlando. Not quite as good as Cancun here play this clip. I gotta say Orlando is awesome. It's not as nice as Cancun, but it's nice. And you wonder why their keynote speaker at the Republican National Convention who gave the big speech, the biggest speech of the night before Donald Trump's speech was Hulk Hogan who ripped off his shirt and said, the Hoaxster wants to make sure that you vote for Trump or else the Hoaxster is gonna give you a Beatdown.


What are we doing here? What in the world is that? And by the way, here is Ted Cruz talking about how Mickey Mouse is always having sex with Pluto. And why are, why, why do our kids see all this cartoon sex here play this clip? I, I, I think there are people who are misguided trying to drive, you know, Disney stepping in, saying, you know, in every episode now they're gonna have, you know, you know, Mickey and Pluto going at it like, really thank you for that image senator. You know, but it's just like, come on guys. Like, like these are kids and, and you know, you could always shift to cinemas if you want that.


Like, like why do you have it used to be, look, I'm a dad. Like you used to be able to put your kids on the Disney Channel and be like, all right, something innocuous will happen. Okay, first off, Disney was never doing that. That doesn't exist. I don't know what he watches on Cinemaxx or elsewhere because that's simply not happening. So I don't know. I mean, although he does have that issue of reposting things in the past, but that's just what the Republican party has become. That's what MAGA has become. On the other hand, I interviewed Colin Allred, democratic Congress member. Let me just tell you a little bit about him. He was the president of his high school then he was a football star at Baylor University.


He was a linebacker superstar, five seasons in the NFL. He played for the Titans. He then quit the NFL to go to law school at Berkeley, became a civil rights lawyer, worked in the Obama administration, became a congressman from Texas's 32nd congressional district. So when I had the opportunity to ask a Democratic Congress member Colin Allred about like, people like Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, like pretending to be like alphas and like tough guys. I'm like, you were in the NFL, you are actually in like locker rooms and you know, according to like what masculine like or alpha like, you've been around some tough dudes. What do you think about Ted Cruz and Donald Trump here play this clip of McCall?


Ted Cruz would not last a second in the locker room. He would not last second in an NFL locker room or my college locker room because we could spot guys like him a mile away. We called 'em me guys. The me guys were the ones who were always looking out for themselves first, who didn't care about the team, who thought that they were just, that they're, you know, that they were hot stuff. And they were also the ones who we would always find a way to kind of get them, chew them up and spit them out because we couldn't have 'em on our teams. And when I was captain the football team at Baylor, and if I ever saw somebody like that, I'd go right at 'em. I'd go right at them until I broke down whatever was causing them to think they were so special. And make them To, get, get on board with the rest of us because we're trying to do something together.


It's not about you. And we all have to remember that we're, we are part of a cohesive community. As John Lewis used to tell us, we might have come here on different ships, but we're all in the same boat now. We're all Americans. And when you have leaders who think that they're more important than this entire project, a 250 year project that all of us, you know, over 300 million of us are a part of, then you have to make sure that they are no longer in positions of leadership. And so we got less than 40 days here and I want everyone to know that here in Texas, We can make sure we get rid of Tech Cruz. So get involved with us. Go to colin ra.com. If you're in Texas, make a plan to vote. Check your voter registration status, make sure you get out to vote. We can do this.


You know, one of the projects for me that I take very personally as well is when I see a lot of these young boys who are becoming men have the becoming part stunted by some of this right wing crap that I see out there. The treatment of women horrifically the punching down, the mocking of marginalized communities. And I always say that's just not how men act. It's not how anybody should act, but the idea that MAGA has tried to take that narrative and spin it that way, it's an important part as well as, as something that I, you know, wanna make sure is clear. Because I want to make sure that we are just raising good people in our country as well.


We'll be right back after our first quick break of the show.


You know, if there's anything I've learned in my career, it's that if someone is given an opportunity, their hard work can pay off. But as with anything in business, some companies do things the right way and some well don't. That's why I'm excited to partner with a brand that is doing things the right way and is living up to the true American spirit. And they're called American Giant. While many companies send jobs overseas, American Giant is pushing back. They make high quality clothing and active wear right here in the USA. I'm talking about everything from sweatshirts and jeans to jackets and dresses. It's all made with care right here at home. I've been wearing American Giant for a bit now and the quality is unbeatable, the fabric feels amazing and the durability, well, I'm still wearing the same sweatshirt I got months ago and it's just getting softer with time. They really do obsess over every detail and you could tell that it's made to last. And my favorite part, it's more than just clothes. It's about supporting local communities and American workers. Now if you're looking for something incredibly comfortable and durable, check out their French Terry collection from joggers to sweatshirts. It's perfect for that cozy yet put together. Look, I personally love their classic full zip hoodie. It's the piece that put them on the map with custom, heavyweight fleece and side panels for mobility. This hoodie is built to last. I reach for it, whether or out for a casual day or just lounging at home. When you buy American Giant, you're not just getting high quality clothes, you're creating jobs in towns that rely on them. And right now you could get 20% off your first daughter at American Giant dot com when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's 20% off your first order at American Giant with Code Midas, M-E-I-D-I-S. Support local jobs, get yourself some incredible clothes and feel great about what you're wearing. Thanks to American Giant for sponsoring this show.


A question that I am frequently asked is, Ben, how do you stay so calm when you're doing your reporting with all that's going on in the world? And I say one of the tricks that I use is actually, I use an app that's called calm and the app called Calm has these grounding exercises and expert talks and meditations that I listen to in the morning and sometimes before I go to sleep. And it's been really helpful for me. Calm, it's the number one app for sleep and meditation, giving you the power to calm your mind and change your life. And it's really helped me. It's got meditations to work through anxiety and stress and boost your focus and build healthier habits and take better care of your physical wellbeing and look stress less, sleep more, and live better with calm. Try it out. I think you'll really like it. For listeners of our show, calm is now offering an exclusive offer of 40% off a calm premium subscription@calm.com slash midas CA lm.com/midas. Go to cm.com/midas for 40% off unlimited access to comms entire library. That's com.com/midas.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in the description of both the YouTube and the audio. And then here's the thing, folks come new to the network, relatively new. Stay calm. I know everyone's levels of anxiety. We're all a little bit stressed right now. Stay calm, get the app. It's amazing. American Giant, phenomenal company as well. Use our codes. Let them know we sent you Ben. Where to next? Like when I had that one shot on me, I was trying to do your voice. Did you see what I was doing there? So I wouldn. Yeah, I saw, I saw. Look at, it was cool. It was cool. You did something. I definitely did something. By the way, the launch of midas plus.com is doing pretty good. That's our new sub stack right there.


And so a lot of people were saying, guys, we love Midas news.com, we love what Ron Philip Kowski is building and what, you know, your team's breaking all of these stories, but there's a bunch of people who said, Hey, midas news.com, you have a lot of ads all over it. And we're like, I know, 'cause we're trying to make it free. So I still have to like, you know, I know Donald Trump says that he hates overtime, but like we have to like pay people to do the work and everything and make sure that we have staff and, and keep growing it. So we have to have some kind of source. So that's why you, there were all those ads on midas news.com. But what we figured is let's do midas plus.com, have it be an ad free experience where Ron Philip Kowski can kind of do that incredible editorial work there.


So check that out, midas plus.com. I also heard from Ron that he is going to be posting about the VP debate tomorrow on the midas plus.com. Ron, it's gonna be like a live chat, like a live, live. Well, he's gonna be like live, what do they call it? Not live to live, live sub stacking, live stacking, live stacking, live stacking. Look at Ron Kowski and the editorial team there have built something so special. And that's because of all of you watching this at home who have contributed, who have built this from the ground up. We don't have outside investors. So that's the way we've built this thing. All right, let's talk more about Donald Trump's speeches for a moment.


I I, I did a little weave right there. I wanted to talk about, I did a little weave with, with Ted Cruz because Brett, you were mentioning this is how unserious mega is behaving. And I just wanted to show, look, at the end of the day you have someone like Colin Allred, and then you have somebody like Donald Trump and you have somebody like Ted Cruz and i I I don't even think it's Democrat, Republican. Like let me show you this clip too. I'll do another weave within a weave right here, which is, let me show you former Republican senator Jeff Flake who just endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris. And this is why to me, I've always said it's not like a Democrat Republican things.


It's just like a pron normalcy, pro-democracy thing with people like Jeff Flake, the former conservative Republican senator of Arizona, who by the way has been the ambassador to Turkey until recently. His tenure there is kind of finishing up and he came out with a very powerful endorsement. And then he went on this week on A B C and here's what he said. And you're joining the ranks of several Republicans endorsing Harris Re recently notably Liz Cheney. Dick Cheney. Do you think it really makes a difference? Can you appeal to Republicans who may be on the fence? Well, I think Republicans believe in the rule of law in particular.


And it, it's difficult to support a candidate who having lost an election, tries to use the powers of the presidency to overturn that election. That is anything but respect for the rule of law. So I know that a lot of conservative Republicans feel the way I do that you just can't support a candidate like that. And, and with regard to tariffs as well, there are reasons to impose tariffs, but to pretend that we're going to get a windfall of money from some foreign government because we're imposing tariffs, just doesn't jive with what, where conservatives have been on free trade. I, I I, Right? I mean, Colin Allred, Jeff Flake, Liz Cheney, right?


The commonality there too is these are people who still support our democracy and they're just very serious and thoughtful people who are taking their jobs to be public servants in that way to actually deliver results. On the other hand, you've got, you know, the Ted Cruzs and the, and the Donald Trumps and like Trump's in Erie, Pennsylvania this weekend and he's like, she's a stupid person and if she wins, it's not gonna be pleasant for me. Remember what Colin Allred said, A me guy, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me for Donald, Trump and Ted Cruz and all of these mags, it's me, me, me, me, me play this clip of Trump. No, this is, this is a radical left lunatic we're dealing with.


By the way, if she wins, it's not gonna be so pleasant for me, but I don't care. I really don't care. We have, And then whining about crowd sizes throughout that speech as well, saying that it's Biden's fault for the crowd size. And that's why it's so small. He played this Clip con yesterday. And except for the fact that the administration would not let us have the pe we had 50,000 maybe more people and we were gonna do an outdoor rally and we ended up having to do it inside in front of about a thousand people. But we had 50,000 people that showed up. But they didn't want me to be outside. They said they couldn't get us enough people because they were guarding the United Nations and Iran, the president of Iran is here.


But Quite literally nothing that he's saying is true. They didn't deny him anything. He has the most secret service ever. In fact, I think he probably has too much if you wanna know the truth. I mean, if you ever see him roll in, it's like he's got more secret service than the actual president does. He like shuts places down with like massive amounts that's never existed before for any past president. The level of protection that he has, he's gotten everything that he's asked for and and more and he's just lying there. And there's not 50,000 people outside. When he was in Potterville, Michigan, for example, the local media did a fact check 'cause he says the same thing in every speech.


It turned out there was not 40,000 people outside. Brett, Jordy, Midas, mighty. You know how many people were actually outside waiting Four. There were four people outside. One was one of the children of the parents and then just some other person. There was nobody outside of that event. And he's doing these small events 'cause people are getting tired and exhausted of this act. Even here in Erie, Pennsylvania. You'll see the guys behind Trump have clearly had enough play it And then bad things started to happen. We will open Anwar again. I got it done. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it done. Nobody could get it done. I got it. It's probably the largest site in the world could be bigger than Saudi Arabia.


Okay? Right now there is more oil production and drilling and distribution than in Saudi Arabia. Right now. United States leads the world in drilling in the oil that we're producing here, not under Trump, under right now. That's just the reality of it. And Vice President Kamala Harris and President Biden are focused on climate change. But what's Donald Trump talking about in speeches like this? Then I'll show you Vice president Kamala Harris in just a moment. Donald Trump is saying that migrants, you couldn't even have someone in Hollywood. Someone in Hollywood, even the best actors couldn't, couldn't do it, couldn't be as good as the migrants.


And then because they're so dangerous. That's his speech that he's giving here. Play this clip. You Should have it, you should be able to have it. The new thing is hydrogen. They have hydrogen cars, they have one problem. On occasion it will blow up. And when it blows up, you are not recognizable. No, you're not even recognizable. This is like a massive bombing drop. When it blows up, you are no longer, your wife cannot identify you. Let me put it that way. Is this your husband? Does it show you blood? Is this your husband? I really can't, I really can't tell. No. So that's a problem They're gonna have to work out. I, Yeah, that wasn't the clip. But you get the, there's a real, there's a really, at that point, it's just a bunch of nonsense.


Yeah, no doubt about it. You know, one, one of the things that's really been just bothering me also is the media's inability to adapt to the current moment. Like, let's stop accepting this idea that Donald Trump could just go along and like pretend to be president and, and try to act like he's president, going to these various cities while he is diverting resources away from people who actually need help so that he could get extra protection while he goes to Georgia or while he does all these other things. Let's stop pretending like Donald Trump's these lies are like anything legitimate whatsoever. When he goes out there and he says, oh, there are 50,000 people waiting outside of, they like, they accept his framing for stuff. And when I was like tuned in for like a few seconds today to see how people on the, like cable news channels and stuff were covering Donald Trump in Georgia today, it was appalling.


They, they, they just totally buy into his stunts. It's like the, the most insane thing. Everything you hear from the press, it's just as if this is like normal. And he is like, oh, look at this good guy going into these areas. Like what the heck are you doing? Honestly, right. When I was in the hospital, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but when I was in the hospital with my wife when she was delivering last week, I was there for five days, right? So she just had the news on and trust me, I was not going to tell her, Hey, you should be watching Midas Touch right now. Okay? So just let her watch whatever she was watching her loss. I'm not gonna comment on what was on tv. So I was sitting there and watching it out the day and we'd be watching like A, B C or NB, whatever it was, right?


And you'd go through the morning news through the night, and if you were watching it, you would not know anything that's happening. You, you. And not only would you be not educated, you would be stupider and you would be like programmed on a whole thing that's like not happening. And I'm just like, why can't you just show people like what's happening? Like, like Donald Trump making this post where he goes, Saint Michael, the arch angell, defend us in battle. Be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the devil. May God rebuke him. We humbly pray and do thou o prince of the heavenly host by the power of God cast into hell, Satan and all the evil spirits who prowl about the world seeking to rule the souls of men.


Amen. And right after that, following it up with


I promise to make America great again. This time with crypto hashtag world Liberty Fi is planning to help make America great again with the crypto capital become the crypto capital of the world. This white list for eligible purses is officially open. This is your chance to be part of the historic moment. Join world liberty financial.com.


So after selling a $100,000 watch, which was Midas Touch network, the only one who like goes into the frequently asked question sections of these things and the disclaimers and shows, you realize that they're not even selling a watch, that they're actually selling a concept of a watch. You know, the a hundred thousand dollars watch is just an illustration of what the watch may look like. Also, there's a disclaimer that there's no liability if we don't actually send you the watch ever. You're responsible for that. You can buy the watch with Bitcoin as well, and you could buy the watch from foreign countries. And then when you dig a little bit deeper right there as well, what is it that you find in addition to that? Well, one of the things that you find is that it's located in a location in, well, what is it in Wyoming?


Where in that special location they have what sec, it's a sec shop as well. It's like, it's what it is, is it's, there are like thousands of businesses that use like whatever they didn't, they, they use some like janky law firm in Wyoming because of their like tax laws there or whatever it is. And because I think they play in ice with also like foreign money. And they were able to establish an LLC that has a virtual address in this building. A building that is mysteriously like blurred out from most angles on Google Maps. Like it's the only location that's actually like blurred out on Google Maps when you try to look at it. And it houses a, a company that does sell sex honey for erectile dysfunction and like a hundreds and hundreds if not thousands of other companies.


They all use this like it's not a real address. They all use this virtual location as the address. And it's just curious for a company selling a $100,000, I I'm just gonna say you don't see Rolex using a virtual address for their, for their HQ that also shares a location with these thousands of other businesses. This is a bit different. Oh, by the way, wanna refund for your a hundred thousand dollars despite the fact that the, the watch doesn't exist. They're not responsible for if you never get it, it says like, it could be delayed, could come in a year, could come in 20 years. Who knows. Want, want that refund after you pay too bad. All sales final is another thing with these watches.


Want, want to pay an untraceable cryptocurrency? Go, go, go ahead. Where are you from? Are you from Russia? It doesn't matter. Go, go, go ahead. Pay Donald Trump a hundred thousand dollars in Bitcoin because that that that'll work out great for our democracy and everything. And nobody wants to like even inspect it. No, nobody even wants to go. This is a little shady. It's like, it's like only Midas. Like really it's us. Like I, it's, I, I I, I, I'm, I i's it's, it's baffling. But like I said before, like the media loves to just take Donald Trump's framing and run with it. And, and we saw this, you know, I I think this was kind of most apparent during that interview. Kamala Harris and Tim Walls did like their first sit down interview. Who was, who was was, well, C Dana Bash was Dana Bash, where every question she asked was like, Donald Trump says you do this, your response, Donald Trump says that you actually dah, dah, dah, dah dah.


What do you say to that? Da da da. It's like, you don't like your interview. I I get you. Like, don't wanna act like, oh, I'm like sucking up to them or anything. But an interview doesn't have to be like you parroting Donald Trump's bullshit and, and, and Republican garbage and, and like projecting it at them and having them respond to flat out lies. Like, that's not how this has to work. And today, president Biden did exactly that. And see, I got my weave thing you could weave. That's good. Weave, weave, weave. We, I said p President Biden did exactly that because they started to ask him about Donald Trump's framing on the storm where Donald Trump bel blatantly lied that President Biden wasn't involved in anything with this recovery efforts, hadn't contacted the governor, governor Kemp once again.


A hundred percent bullshit. A hundred percent lies. But the media has to confront President Biden using Donald Trump's made up story. And thankfully President Biden clapped back at them when they're asking the question. I'll play it. Mr. President, president and Governor Cooper Donald Trump has, has accused both of you of ignoring the disaster. He is lying. Let me get this straight. He's lying. And the governor told him he was lying. The governor told me he was lying. I've spoken to the governor, spent time with him, and he told me he's lying. I don't know why he does this. And the reason I get so angry about it, I don't care about what he says about me, but I care what he, what he communicates to the people that are in need. He implies that we're not doing everything possible.


We are, we are. And you and you, you spoke to the gov. I assume you heard the Republican governor of Georgia talk about that. He was on the phone with me more than once. So that's simply not true. And it's irresponsible. Just lie after lie after lie. And this is what they do. And you see this, by the way, with, and no matter what happens every single day, there are like five to 10 lies that they just run with and you know that they all have, they're probably group chats and they're, what do they use? The Telemarket Telegram and their signal and whatever. They use all their various chats and they, they, they put together like, okay, this is gonna be what we're pushing today. Okay? The storm's coming before the storm's even like done.


Let's start blaming it on Biden, okay? And okay, all all full court press. Let's blame Biden. This is Biden's fault. This is Kala's fault. Let's start saying, I'm hearing report. This is like the new thing that always goes viral, like on on sites like Twitter. Now, because they're just exact reports say that President Biden declined to help because he wants to help Kamala Harris win the election. Breaking, breaking, breaking all bullshit. A hundred percent lies Donald Trump, you know, repeats the same lies. All these people repeat the same lies. It's the same that happens in that Russian funded operation that got indicted by the DOJ. When, when I listen to comments from our audience abroad, by the way, I genuinely feel, I feel for them because I actually, I don't know how to respond to them sometimes. 'cause they're like, Hey Jordy, you know, I'm from New Zealand, I saw this comment today.


I'm from New Zealand, you know, I don't understand why is a storm political? And like, quite frankly, I don't even know how to respond back to them because just the timeline that we're living in is so utterly absurd. Yeah. That it doesn't like, it can't even warrant a response that I could actually give them that I'd feel validated that I gave them a good response to a storm. Shouldn't be political. Yeah, it's not. It's bonkers that this is the direction that corporate media that an entire political party has decided to take. Let's blame Biden for the storm. He's doing everything he can be doing right now. It's an awful storm, don't get me wrong. But it's not like the guy's just sitting on his hands. Let's take our last quick break of the show.


We will be right back after this quick break.


Fall can be a stressful season and stress leads to feeling drained. So to maintain your energy levels in a heart healthy routine, it's best to avoid relying on stimulants super beats. Heart Chew offers a convenient, delicious plant-based way to support healthy blood pressure and circulation. Enjoy a heart healthy boost without the jitters paired with a healthy lifestyle. The unique antioxidant compound in SuperBeets is clinically shown to be nearly two times more effective at promoting normal blood pressure than a healthy lifestyle alone. SuperBeets Heart are incredibly delicious and so much better than any alternative supplements out there. I take my SuperBeets heart shoes each morning and it's really kickstarted my morning routine. So after taking my super beet heart shoes, I feel like I have more energy and I'm ready to take on the day. Here's something more doctors, more pharmacists, and more cardiologists recommend SuperBeets for Heart held support than any other beat brand. SuperBeets Hard Shoes also offers a convenient way to support healthy blood pressure since they're individually wrapped. So you can take them on the go, double your potential with SuperBeets Hard Chew, get a free 30 day supply of SuperBeets Hard Choose on all bundles and 15% off your first order by going to GETSUPERBEETS dot com and using the code Midas. That's GETSUPERBEETS dot com. And use the code Midas one more time. Get super BEET s.com and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S.


As many of you may know, I just got married and I plan on expanding my family with more responsibility stacking up. I want to make sure my family will have the protection that fits our needs. Now I'm grateful that I have Policygenius by my side. Policygenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. It's why I love it. Policygenius helps you easily compare your options from America's top insurers in just a few clicks. Their award-winning agents can even walk you through the process step by step. With Policygenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. Policygenius has no incentive to recommend one insurer over another so you can trust their guidance. Your work life insurance policy may not offer enough protection that your family needs. Even worse, it may not come with you if you leave your job. So please get the peace of mind that you need by finding the right life insurance with Policygenius. Head to Policygenius dot com slash midas or click the link in the description, To, get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's Policygenius dot com slash midas. One more time. Go to Policygenius dot com slash midas and I think you'll see why I trust Policygenius Policygenius dot com slash Midas.


Let's go. Welcome. Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both the YouTube and the audio. Use our codes, let them know we sent you, let's get into it folks. Donald Trump in 2012 said the following. And to me this informs a lot of what went down today. Donald Trump wrote polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win. Isn't that ridiculous? So for Donald Trump, he believes in his own mind, where as former President Barack Obama was just being a leader and doing what leaders should do, Donald Trump viewed that as well. I should basically use the hurricane, in this case, hurricane Helene as a pr stunt, as a way to divide and fracture Americans.


And for Trump, he viewed it as an added benefit that it was in an important state in Georgia. What for the election, they're all states are important, but an important state when it comes to the election. So Donald Trump held this event in Valdosta, Georgia, and he used some of the rubble from the area right here. And, and, and you can see it. And he assembled this right here. Take a look at the podium that he built out of the bricks from a furniture store that was destroyed by the hurricane. As you look at some of these other images, the first responders were put next to him there, but then also forming a crowd to his side right there instead of actually helping the people.


There's a lot of missing people there still. And you have the first responders out there kind of watching this press conference as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski said, shouldn't these first respond, shouldn't, shouldn't these first responders be out helping people who desperately need it instead of being used as human props for Trump's latest exploitation of a strategy. And let me just show you some of these things too. Brett, you showed before the clip what President Biden was saying when he was asked the question by the reporter using kind of Donald Trump's framing, where Donald Trump, where, where, where President Biden was like, look, I spoke to all the governors. We've given them all of the resources.


This should not be, he's like, don't, this isn't about Biden. Okay? The issue is, is that Donald Trump's conduct is hurting clear lines of communication that's needed to help people right now during a crisis. Don't make this a Biden v Trump or Kamala. We need to save people's lives. And this freaking idiot, you know, is, is basically what Biden saying is out there using secret service resources and bring people and distracting from what first responders need to do. There's a reason why a President Biden or former presidents don't go out in the middle of a hurricane when bodies are being identified and people are being located and first responders need to do their work because it's a distraction and people freaking die.


That's why that happens. But here's the Republican governor right here, Henry McMaster. He or he's saying, look, we, we've got the resources. This is a great team effort, including from the federal level here, play this clip. So this is a great, a great team effort and I assure you, it, it is going to be done. But this is one that is going to take a lot of patience. We, we got the team, we have the equipment, the federal government is helping us. Well, they're, they're in, they're in embedded with us. And there's no asset out there that we have not already accessed, No asset out there that we haven't already accessed. Governor Brian Kemp of Georgia said the same thing. But let me show you here.


This is Donald Trump claiming that governor Kemp is having a tar, a hard time reaching President Biden. And then we'll show you the clip. It's in the same video of Governor Governor Kemp saying that President Biden called him yesterday. Play this clip Ideally with the governor that governor needs to, he's been trying To get them and I'm sure they're gonna come through, but he's been calling the president hasn't been able To get him. But I just spoke. The president just called me yesterday afternoon. I missed him and called him right back and he just said, Hey, what do you need? And I told him, you know, we, we got what we need. We'll work through the federal process. He, he offered that if there's other things we need just to call him directly, which I appreciate that.


And remember the clip I showed you earlier where Donald Trump said that no one talks about the environment. He said that climate change is a hoax, that none of these issues are even real. So no one even cares about them anymore. Well, here today, Donald Trump said that yesterday. Okay? He says that in mostly all of his speeches, but he said that yesterday. So here today at this PR stunt that he did in Valdosta, here's what he said, that he goes, no one thought this would happen. Nobody thought this play, this club route, Georgia as well as North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Virginia, Alabama, and Tennessee, that's our big one. And the devastation wrought by the storm is incredible.


It's so extensive. Nobody thought this would be happening. Especially now. It's so late in the season for the hurricanes. This is hurricane season. It's not so late in this season. Hurricane season extends to the period of time and we know that these storms are getting more lethal and dangerous because of climate change, which you are claiming is a hoax 24 hours ago. And now you are using your resources to distract first responders from doing their job. Let me show you, this was moments ago from that same press con or that same President Biden briefing that he was given where again, I think President Biden is just completely fed up by the broken brains of the media right now.


Here play this clip. In retrospect, do you wish that you would put more resources in North Carolina knowing what you know now? And do you wish that you said the weekend here in Washington rather than Delaware? Come on. It's not that game. We we in Delaware, it's 90 miles from here. Okay? I was on the phone the whole time working on that, sir. And the resources, the question is not whether we get more re, this is a list of every resource we're getting in there. But the question is, How, to get it in it's hard. To get it from point A to point B. It's hard. To get, if some of these roads are wiped out, communities are wiped out. There's no ability to land, there's no ability. To get trucks through. There's no ability. To get a whole range of things through.


So I mean, anyway, Mr. PE, I sound frustrated. I am. Okay. It is a ridiculous question that's being asked. On the other hand, you had Donald Trump in Walker, Michigan when we knew about the devastation of Hurricane Helene Donald Trump was telling the victims, it's okay, you're gonna be fine, you'll be okay. You'll play this clip Alabama and all of the other states who have been really hit hard by that very large hurricane. That was that big one, a very large hurricane this week. We're with you all the way and if we were there, we'd be helping you and you'll be okay. You'll be okay.


You'll be okay, is what he says. Like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. You'll be okay. All I'm gonna do is blame deaths on Democrats. I'll divide us. I won't actually try to provide the resources as the storm surge. Wind damage and inland flooding from Hurricane Helene have been catastrophic. At least 120 people have died as a result of the storm. We know that there's about 600 people in in North Carolina, one county alone that remain unaccounted for according to officials. And Donald Trump's out there doing PR stunts right now. Let's compare that to what vice president Kamala Harris had to say yesterday evening in front of APAC crowd in Las Vegas, Nevada.


Here are a few words that she had to say about the devastating hurricane play the clip. In all seriousness, everyone, before I begin, I wanna say a few words about Hurricane Helene. And please have a seat if you're able. I wanna talk about Hurricane Helene for a moment. And I know that everyone here sends their thoughts and prayers for the folks who have been so devastated by that hurricane and the ensuing events in Florida, in Georgia, the Carolinas and other impacted states. And we know that so many have been impacted, some have died.


But I wanna thank everyone for doing everything you can to think about them, send them your thoughts, send them your prayers. I wanna thank the first responders who have done so much, and we'll stand with these communities for as long as It takes to make sure that they are able to recover and rebuild. Earlier today, I received an operational briefing from FEMA director Chris. Well, more than 3,300 federal personnel have been mobilized. We are deploying food, water, and generators and working to restore water and power.


And the president and I have told state and local leaders, we will provide whatever help they need in the days and weeks ahead. And so I thank you all for sending your best wishes to everyone there. Thank you. And you know, the thing is, disinformation in crises like that kills people. And that's what Donald Trump is doing by spreading these lies right now and making this a political thing. Going back to this Las Vegas Nevada speech, just wanna show you what a large crowd it was as well. What a, what a speech, right as Donald Trump has these teeny tiny speeches, vice President Kamala Harris in front of a pat crab, was it 10,000 people or so at this Las Vegas speech?


All chanting, we're not going back. Lemme show that to you. Wow. And then, yeah, it's a real, really big, really big crowd. Then over here she talks about, look, Trump's ready to fold, but I'm all in or play this one. And in two days, I know we will cheer on Coach walls when he debates JD V. Yeah, But listen, also, their debate should not be the last word I'm trying to debate.


Donald Trump again. And I think he should debate again. The American people have a right to hear us discuss the issues. And as you say, here in Las Vegas, I'm all in. I'm all in. Even if my opponent is ready to fold. So there you go. And here, vice President Kamala Harris says, we just need someone in the presidency who's focused on fixing problems versus playing political games all the time. Play this clip. We Need a president who cares more about solving problems than playing political games and demeaning people full time.


We're tired of that. We're done with that. We are done with that. And when I hear over and over again from people, and one of, I think the most powerful messages, honestly, and I see this showing up in the polls, it's basically like, are you exhausted of Donald Trump? Are you just sick and tired of the drama and the whining and the crying and the baby-ish behavior? Heck, my baby's far more mature than Donald Trump. Are you sick and tired of all of that? And I just think people are, you know, and for the last, you know, what, 9, 12, 15 years of Trump being involved in politics, it's really been a cancer on our body politic and our ability as Americans to, I don't know, just, just thrive and, and coexist with our fellow Americans in peace and just have normalcy.


Again, look, I know the powers of propaganda. There's a reason why authoritarianism strong men propped up by propaganda has been the historical norm since the beginning of humankind democracy that we've had here in the United States is a small blip in the historical experience of mankind. And it is our duties to protect, defend, and preserve that together. And that's what we're gonna keep on building here at this network. So I want to tell you very briefly about the Governor Wall's JD Vance's debate coming up so you can prepare yourself across all Midas platforms.


So on Patreon, we're gonna be having a watch party. So if you really loved watching along with us the way we did it last time during the debate where Vice President Kamala Harris just completely trounced Donald Trump. And he is still whining about it right now, and she mocked his crowd size, I loved watching that with you. Remember, we only have 10,000 spaces available on that Streamy yard link. So you gotta make sure you join right now. patreon.com/ Midas Touch, the corporate media doesn't allow us to live stream it on our YouTube channel that's bigger than theirs. And so whatever we do, our watch party patreon.com/ Midas Touch, and I loved watching it with all of you so we can experience it together.


So that's where Brett Jordy and I will be. patreon.com/ Midas Touch. Now we also launched Midas Plus as well, and midas plus.com is where Ron Philip Kowski will be live posting or live sub stacking about the debate as well. And he'll have updates there. So you can make sure you're LinkedIn across the Midas universe as well. And again, Midas Plus is an ad-free experience, but you can always also go to midas news.com. But we're just trying to, you know, one, we wanna grow this platform, but two, we're trying to listen to your suggestions and a lot of people suggested we do a Midas plus.com style thing.


So we launched it based on your suggestions, store dot Midas Touch dot com, get that pro democracy gear. And I wanna thank everybody for watching this. I'm excited about the debate tomorrow. I'm excited to watch it with all of you on Patreon. Thank you to our sponsors. The discount codes are in the description below. Jordy spends a long time vetting those sponsors and we're honored to have them as our sponsors. It helps grow this show as well. Thank you everybody, so, so much. And we'll see you next time on the Midas Touch podcast. Have a good out to the,


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to Against All Enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch Against All Enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.