
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


And a farm worker children who've been ripped apart from their families and deported to another country, You see those crowds, Donald. They're not here to cheer you. They're here to fight you. They're here to fight your authoritarian regime. 36,000 people, Donald, who gathered in Los Angeles as part of Senator Bernie Sanders fight the oligarchy tour that he did with A OC and others. We did a whole video covering it last night and we streamed it live here on the minus Touch network people are ready to fight your oligarchical kleptocracy regime. This is what Donald Trump was doing yesterday, not making this up.


He was posing for photos in front of a new gold statute of himself at his golf course while he was vacationing at the taxpayer dime. Here he is with a new golden statute at his golf course, shaking hands with donors and other people and billionaires and rich folk laughing at the people laughing as they disappear migrants in the United States to concentration camps in El Salvador and then violate court orders. Here's Donald Trump golfing. Oh, by the way, last night then Donald Trump went to a UFC fight.


Here he is walking into the UFC fight, by the way, just totally ignoring the wife of RFK Junior Cheryl Hines right there, good for her. But earlier in the day, while Donald Trump, I know he was very busy posing in front of gold statutes of himself. Like what in the Kim Jong-Un is that? What in the Saddam Hussein is that? What are we talking about here? While they crash the economy, while people's pensions are destroyed and gutted, life savings are being erased while Donald Trump and his oligarchs manipulate the market and say, now's a good time to buy. And we see rampant insider trading. He goes back to Florida on our money, on taxpayer money and takes freaking photos in front of gold statues of himself while he grs off of us.


Are you kidding me? How could you possibly be okay with that? Unless you are just an absolute death cult member who would just go live in North Korea, if you like that crap, that's not what our constitution is about here in the United States. And we're gonna fight like hell every day in the Midas Touch network to make sure that that is something that our future generations don't have to ever deal with. We'll work every day for that. Yeah. So while Donald Trump was doing all of that, by the way, he violated the Supreme Court's order and a district court's order after the Supreme Court in the nine to zero decision ordered Abrego Garcia to be returned. Remember nine to zero?


They said Trump regime facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia forthwith, to which the district judge of Maryland, judge Zenni held a hearing and said, okay, when are you returning Abrego Garcia file papers by 5:00 PM on Saturday and let me know what the heck is going on. The Trump regime blew the deadline. 'cause of course, Donald Trump was too busy posing for photos in front of gold statues. And then when they finally submitted a declaration yesterday, they wrote, they had someone from the State Department write the following. It is my understanding based on official reporting from our embassy in San Salvador, that Abrego Garcia is currently being held in the terrorism confinement center in El Salvador.


He is alive and secure in that facility. He is detained pursuant to the Sovereign domestic authority of El Salvador. Well, you filed that late too. This is hearsay because you clearly don't have personal knowledge. You're saying based on official reporting from the embassy, then someone from the embassy should write this declaration. If you don't have firsthand knowledge, that's called hearsay, by the way. And also what Judge Zenni put in her order was here was what was supposed to be filed. One, the current physical location and custodial status of Abrego Garcia. Two, what steps, if any defendants have taken to facilitate his immediate return to the United States. And three, what additional steps defendants will take and when to facilitate his return.


A follow-up person in hearing a follow-up hearing will take place on Tuesday. And you see what the Trump regime didn't respond to. What are you doing to return him and what steps need to be taken to return him? 'cause the Supreme Court ruled nine to zero, facilitate his return. So when I read that filing by the Trump Regime Secretary State Department person, Michael Kozak, I said, oh, I see what they're doing right here. They're gonna say Sovereign authority of El Salvador. Nothing we can do to facilitate it anymore. Then sure enough, what does Donald Trump post the following, looking forward to seeing President Bbu Kelly ye Belli the authoritarian leader of El Salvador. On Monday, our nations are working closely together to eradicate terrorist organizations and build a future of prosperity.


Bou Kelly has graciously accepted into his nation's custody. Some of the most violent alien enemies of the world, and in particular the United States. These barbarians are now in the sole custody of El Salvador, a proud and sovereign nation. And their future is up to President b Kelly and his government. They will never threaten or menace our citizens. Again, exclamation point. Let's be very clear, 75% of the individuals who you disappeared to this concentration camp in El Salvador did not have any criminal records in the United States or in their home countries. Some of them weren't even from El Salvador in the first place.


Lots of these people were in the United States lawfully. They were asylum seekers. They submitted applications. The Trump judge, for example, in 2019, a Trump immigration judge as relates to Abrego Garcia, the Trump judge gave Abrego Garcia in 2019 protected status. There's no criminal record that this individual has. There's no, there's no any allegations that this guy is, or proven allegations that this guy is a gang member. And this is an individual who showed up to ice, checked in, and then was sent to a concentration camp in El Salvador. By the way, b Kelly is in Washington DC or he's in flaw wherever he landed right now.


We have photos of him landing that he posted on his social media. And there Donald Trump is saying, you can see Trump saying there barbarian, we didn't give them due process and I'm not going to return him. So there Donald Trump openly defying the Supreme Court. There's Abrego Garcia, by the way, and also Donald Trump's White House propaganda account posted the following. Very exciting. This is what they posted yesterday. Very exciting for America and the world. We are doing really well on our tariff policy. Very exciting for America and the world. It is moving along quickly. DJT I mean, this is some of the most heinous propaganda that would make North Korea blush.


And I Think what's happening is Donald Trump sees the opposition and resistance growing. That we, the people are pissed and fighting back. They see the hands off protests growing. Donald Trump sees the fight, the oligarchy protests growing. He sees where people are. So I Think Donald Trump's now accelerating the authoritarian machinations. And now he's saying to the Supreme Court, nine to zero. I'm not listening to you. I'm not facilitating the return. The the migrants are with Belli in El Salvador. He can do what he wants. That's me facilitating go pound sand. So in the same wreak do in the same week that Donald Trump wreaks of fascism, Donald Trump's imploded, the economic markets imploded.


The bond markets mortgages are above 7%. The 10 and 30 year treasury bond yields are going way, way too high right now showing instability in the United States markets. And Donald Trump has created a constitutional crisis, the biggest constitutional crisis in the United States history, by the way, yesterday as well. Donald Trump caved once more and his regime announced exemptions as it relates to his tariffs to a certain electronics like laptops and iPhones. In other words, helping people like Apple, Tim Cook, helping Nvidia helping semiconductors and the semiconductor industry, but screwing everybody else.


So the billionaires, they'll, they'll get exemptions and the rest of the people, including Trump voters are going to get screwed. But Trump didn't even have the guts to himself admit these exemptions. 'cause remember, he's been going around saying No exemption, no exemptions, no exemptions. As this intraday commentary from Vital Knowledge explains, notably the exemption announcement by Trump was not made by Trump himself, but was instead posted on the US Customs and Border Protection website suggesting that Donald Trump isn't keen to advertise what amounts to his major, to his second major tariff retreat in just a few days.


It also speaks to a trade policy that's increasingly mercurial incompetent. And to quote China from Friday, an absolute joke, the fact Trump didn't herald the exemption, suggest even he was somewhat embarrassed about it, Trump abandoned a significant amount of negotiating leverage. Remember, didn't Donald Trump say no exemptions? Here's what I'm gonna do. Then quietly, he just has the US customs announced that actually there's gonna be exemptions to iPhones and to electronics and to laptops. When he said that was not going to happen. That's what a coward, pathetic person he is, and China and the rest of the world realizes how pathetic he is.


By the way, I'm gonna do a video shortly on Canada's secret meetings. You gotta watch this video with other world leaders where Prime Minister Kearney the banker versus Donald Trump, the er, right? Canada has the top banker, America has the top bankrupt. Prime Minister Kearney met with world leaders and showed him how you engineer a bond implosion in the United States market. Watch that video after this one. Let's go though right now to Bernie Sanders fight the oligarchy rally. We did a longer video on it, but let's see, Bernie Sanders trolling Donald Trump at the crowd size that Bernie gets, that Trump doesn't get. Play this clip. When Donald Trump looks out at this crowd and they pay attention to this stuff, and Elon Musk does.


You are scaring the hell out of them Because They know what you know. And what I know is that they are the 1%, we are the 99%. And here's a OC talking about oligarchy versus democracy. Let's Play this clip Oligarchy or democracy. But we cannot have both. Los Angeles, I've made my choice.


We must fight the oligarchy that has created this nightmare. And that is why I have never taken money from lobbyists or corporations. And it's why I never will. And here's Democratic Congress Member Gomez from Los Angeles talking about we're in the F around and find out stage here. Play this clip. And here's the thing, it doesn't matter if you're young, old, or Gen X, gen Z, I don't give a shit. But I come, we're, we're now a new generation. We are the fuck around. And find out generation, fuck around fuck, fuck around, fuck around.


That's the energy we need. Thank you so much. And that There you have. But folks, let me know what you think. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. I'm Ben Mycells. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store, midas touch com.