
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This is nightmare news for Donald Trump. The American people are waking up and the American people view Donald Trump's age as a major factor for his inability to even think straight right now. Finally, we're seeing polls that reflect the reality like this. U gov poll. Is Trump's age affecting his presidency? 57% of respondents say yes. Only 31% of respondents say no. Donald Trump's cognitive abilities. Donald Trump's just deranged behavior like making posts saying that former President Biden was executed in 2020 and a robotic manifestation of him is currently in existence.


And that's the Biden that we see right now. American people are taking notice, which tells me our message is breaking through. And also so much so that the New York Times is actually covering this stuff. It's why it's important that we here and independent media take control of narratives. 'cause we can push legacy and corporate news to focus on the issues that actually matter to Americans. This was on page one of the New York Times. Trump amplifies outlandish robot Biden conspiracy theory. Trump reposted a user's false claim that the former president had been executed in 2020 and replaced by a robotic clone.


And when we call out Donald Trump's deranged and demented behavior, we have to close the loop, not just call out the behavior and then move on to the next topic, but we have to connect it. How is this impacting the American people? And we see with Donald Trump's reckless behavior and malicious behavior as it relates to taring the world and how that has backfired as it relates to Donald Trump and Elon Musk ripping apart and destroying our federal government in a hostile takeover as it relates to how Donald Trump has handled foreign policy in such a pathetic and weak manner that's made us far less safe.


As we look at Donald Trump taking away Medicaid and attacking Medicare and Social Security and food stamps and all these other essential services and programs that Americans rely on, we have to connect it to the fact that this is a demented individual. Under former President Biden, we had a very stable, predictable, values-based orderly system. Now, you may disagree with certain policies of former President Biden, but you never feared that you were gonna wake up and he was gonna make a social media post that would apply tariffs against countries that would then have a massive economic impact without going through Congress.


You never had to wake up with former President Biden and wonder, oh, is he going to extort Ukraine today? Or is he gonna say that he wants to turn Gaza into Trump? Gaza? You, you never had to do that with former President Biden. You knew where he stood. And the data speaks for itself, right? We were the fastest growing GDP in the world. 16.2 million jobs were created record low unemployment, 40,000 infrastructure projects lowering the cost of prescription drug prices. And with all of the flooding the zone of what Trump and maggot does, I just want you to think about something, right? Wasn't it three weeks ago or so where Donald Trump said that he was reducing prescription drug prices by 80 to 90% via an executive order?


Well, that hasn't happened. Has it? Remember when Donald Trump said he was gonna end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours? That hasn't happened. But what we are seeing happening across the world as it relates to the international safeguards, we're seeing countries standing up to Donald Trump taking the power for themselves and isolating Trump. I mean, we covered it yesterday, but it bears repeating again that President Zelinsky of Ukraine had a incredibly successful operation in Russia, deep in Russia, where he destroyed 30 to 40% of the strategic air force of the Russian military.


About 41 airplanes belonging to the Russians were destroyed billions of damages for the Russians. This was a coordinated drone strike by Ukraine where they brought these drones deep into Russian territory and they were able to kind of automatically let the drones go up. They got their Ukraine assets out, and this caused severe devastation within the Russian military creating a safety for we the people throughout the free world. I'm talking about other polls though, as it relates to Donald Trump. If you take a look at the Atlas Intel poll on favorability, this tells a big picture right here.


Former President Obama is plus 10 net favorability, a OC plus four net favorability Donald Trump, negative 11 favorability JD Vance, negative 14 favorability. So for all the media tries to do to attack a OC and Bernie Sanders, or former President Obama and others who are speaking to the people, remember they are, the data does not reflect that. That's where the people stand. The people stand with a OC and Bernie Sanders and former President Obama, and not with Taco, not with Donald Trump taco.


You know, you also hear all of these media narratives trying to attack the Democratic Party over and over again. The Democratic party lost, they've lost their way. What do they stand for? Well, if you've been watching the special elections taking place across the country at the congressional level, at the state level, state Senate seats and State House seats, mayor seats judgeships, Democrats have been winning and winning big and overperforming significant amounts of what Trump did in those very same districts. If you look at Atlas Intel, their latest polling data, and they were the most accurate pollsters in the 2024 election in a generic House of Representatives poll, Democrats are at 51% and Republicans are at 42%.


I think that Democrats can increase that number even more as the Republicans push through the disastrous budget bill. And I think if Democrats can do what a OC and Bernie Sanders and some others are doing, speaking directly to the people about the values and principles of the Democratic Party and how they're gonna fight and actually deliver, I think that that's gonna go a long way. You know, it's so interesting right now to watch Elon Musk try to distance himself from the devastation that he caused our great nation, how he caused hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people to die based on what he's done with U-S-A-I-D and his destruction of the federal government.


And so I was glad to see this CBS reporter and it, it would've been journalistic malpractice if the CBS reporter didn't ask. Must this question. Talk to us about what you've been doing with respect to, you know, the, the, the devastation that you've caused in the government and talk to us about tariffs. And you'll see Elon Musk is like, I don't want to talk about this. I don't want to, well, you need to talk about it. You, you, you need to talk about it. You coward and you should talk about it frankly, at a hearing before the House of Representatives and the Senate, although the Republicans are too cowardly to subpoena you, but you gotta answer these questions here, play this glimpse.


But the Interview didn't get off to a smooth start. I noticed that all of your businesses involve a lot of components, a lot of parts. Do the tariffs and the trade wars affect any of this? You know, tariffs always affect things a little bit. Wondering what your thought is on the ban on foreign students, the proposal. I mean, you were one of those kids, right? Yeah, I I mean, I think we wanna stick to, you know, the, the subject of the day, which is like spaceships as opposed to, you know, presidential policy. Oh, okay. I was told anything's good, but No, well, no.


And then you see Elon Musk trying to distance himself from the Trump regime here as well, where he, and he wants us, and this is typical sociopath behavior where he plays the victim. He wants us to feel bad for him, where he goes, you know, I'm really stuck in a bind because there are lots of things with the administration, the regime, the Trump regime that I disagree with, but I don't wanna be associated with all of those things. Well, you're the number one cheerleader. You paid $300 million for this. Own it. Own it. You cowered play this clip. And, you know, it's, it's not like I agree with everything the administration does. So it's like there's, I mean, I agree with much of what the administration does, but we have differences of opinion.


You know, i I, the things that I, I don't entirely agree with, but I I, it's difficult for me to bring that up in an interview because then it creates a bone of contention. So then I'm, I'm, I'm a little stuck in a bind where I'm like, well, I don't want to, you know, speak up against the administration, but I don't want to, because I also don't wanna take responsibility for everything the administration's doing. I just think about the image yesterday of Donald Trump golfing with these pro golfers and talking about who drives the ball longer. And I just, you know, what do they say? As, as Rome Burns, Nero was playing the fiddle as Donald Trump destroyed the United States of America in our, in our international alliances.


He was talking about who can drive golf balls longer. So utterly pathetic. But the rest of the world's standing up, they're stepping up again, Ukraine with the support of the coalition of the willing European Union countries like Germany, France, the uk, Spain and others, Canada, Australia as well. We're seeing countries across the world. It's just, you know, viewing the United States as a non-factor. And the fact that President Zelensky, you know, I think said, I don't need to go through the United States anymore. I I'm gonna defend my territory. While Donald Trump was out there talking about golfing to me, says it all, and Zelensky did what he had to do.


Probably one of the most successful military operations in combat history went down when he, when the Ukrainians destroyed those 40 plus Russian airplanes. Powerful, powerful stuff. And again, all Donald Trump's doing is posting images of himself and talking about UFC. It's, it's, it's really utterly pathetic. Oh, by the way, you have MAGA republican congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene, getting very angry that Moderna announced that the FDA approved a new vaccine against COVID-19 for use in all adults, 65 and older, as well as individuals age 12 through 64 with at least one underlying condition that puts them in high risk for severe outcomes.


She goes, not Maha at all. Not Maha. Unreal. What, what are you talking about? I'll do a whole other video on this. So keep checking back at the Midas Touch YouTube channel this morning. But European Union not backing down to Donald Trump, they're threatening countermeasures over Trump's steel tariff hike where Donald Trump said that he's gonna be raising the steel tariffs, 25% to 50%. When, remember Trump at the end of last week, he was at the US Steel Factory, and he's been lying and claiming that Neon steel is investing in US Steel and not acquiring it when it is an acquisition.


And Trump's like, you're all gonna get bonuses and be so rich, which is false. But now the European union's like, we're gonna have to impose countermeasures against you because now you are screwing with our steel exporters and that's not okay. And we're trying to do it, you know, you see this over and over again. You know, you have countries who wanna do deals, you know, I mean, they'd like, they'd like to do deals with the United States, not because of Trump, but because there were deals that existed before. So like India wants to do a deal with the United, it shouldn't shock you that countries want to do deals with the United States. The United States should want to do deals with countries. It's just Trump is blowing up all of these negotiations.


Like in India, you have Donald Trump basically wanting to take, take, take, take and not give anything. And the people in India were like, you have to give some concessions. You can't just attack us and, and try to humiliate us. And you can't keep lying and claiming that it's because of your trade that there's a ceasefire between India and Pakistan. You just gotta, you gotta cut it out. And then here in Europe, it's like, yeah, the European negotiators want to try to strike a deal with Trump because it's good for everybody if there's free trade. And then Donald Trump goes from a 25% tariff to a 50% tariff, you know, and, and then he is taco about it. Trump always chickens out and it's just, dude, just act like an adult.


Have some semblance of stability right here. Behave, behave normally. Anyway, we'll keep you posted every step of the way. I wanted to give you all of those updates today. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.