
This first ad hits Donald Trump, where it hurts. Perhaps the most Lincoln Project calling Donald Trump out for soiling himself. Play the ad. Has this ever happened to you? You are sitting in court again under pressure and stress, and then a warm feeling comes over you. Uncomfortably warm uhoh. It's pressure. All right down there. That's when you need Trump diapers. Trump diapers. The elite adults incontinence product for owning libs on the go while you go. Trump diapers contain a comforting patent pending fiber. That's the ultimate in pulling fluids from your delicate orange skin. I Always look orange With Trump diapers.


You can sit all day in luxurious comfort, whether you're busy ending democracy or just rage posting on social media without consequence. Trump diapers let you spread Russian propaganda all day in dry comfort and trump diapers. Make insurrection easy. You'll never need to poop in the capitol again. Trump diapers for when you're losing your shit in more ways than one. Next up a great little short from our friend Dave Batista on what it really means to be an alpha and spoiler alert, Donald Trump is an it. Let's play it. First Thing that Donald Trump has ever done is divided this country. America will only be great if you vote for me and it's bullshit.


It's not making America great. It's making Donald Trump great. Vote for me so I can pardon myself, do anything I want. Get away with it. Just a regular guy. But when I look up the definition of narcissist, this is who people want running our country. Everything he lose is rigged. When he won in 2016, 'cause he lost the popular vote. Popular vote was rigged. What a whiny little bitch. The fact that he was convicted 34 felonies today, it was rigged you fraud because it was rigged. I know why he's so proud turning over over. And the reason is is 'cause he's a massive piece of shit. This dude got laughed outta the United Nations. I mean there's that says a lot. Gotta be the system's Rigg.


I hate Taylor Swift and all capital letters. What's more American than Taylor Swift? Nobody talking about Governor Whitner from who's asking for federal help. He wouldn't return her phone call 'cause she hurt his feelings. Can you think of anything more un-American shit all over Obamacare promising that any week release his healthcare plan. Next week we're gonna have something very shortly. It's like nothing you've ever seen except it never fucking came. We love our country so much. Not fucking shitting on it like Ali right now. Thank you America. Great. Let's stop all this hate love America again. Next up an ad from the Lincoln Project, Donald Trump has Putin on speed dial. Let's play it. A man in possession of stolen classified documents makes a call.


The call is to a high ranked Russian official and former KGB agent. The official has received secrets from this man before and is eager to hear more. The man makes a second call to the official, a third, a fourth, another call, and another and another seven calls that we are aware of. Calls to Russian dictator Vladimir Putin. Most people would call the man making these calls a spy. We call him Donald Trump.


Do you have A relationship with Vladimir Putin? A conversational relationship. I Do have a relationship. Next up, here we go, a new ad from Vice President Kamala Harris. This one features Hadley Duval. Let's play it. When I was five, I began getting sexually abused by my stepfather and he got me pregnant when I was 12. 64,000 pregnancies from rape have occurred in states with total abortion bans and Trump did this. Women and girls need to have choices with Kamala Harris. We do. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message.


Next up another ad from the Lincoln Project and here talking about what a sore loser Donald Trump is. Let's play it. We know Trump's history with women, how he sees them, how he treats them, how he insults and abuses them. We know his record. We know from his own bragging you can Do anything, whatever. You grab him by the, And we know from a court ruling that Trump is a sexual abuser who had to pay almost $100 million for defaming his victim. I'm here because Donald Trump raped me. Now we're seeing his hatred for one woman, vice President, Kamala Harris. Thank you All.


Thank you very Much. The attacks ugly. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black. She became a black person. Just the smears and lies. Pure Trump. She's sort of incompetent. She's not very smart, but she's very radical. We know Donald. Trump is desperate. We know he'll do anything to win. We know he'll do anything to beat a woman.


Okay, what's better than a clean kitchen kitchen that doesn't smell with Lomi, that gross trash smell. It's gone. My kitchen smells fresh all of the time. Lomi lets me turn my food scraps into dirt with the push of a button. It's a countertop electric composter that takes my waist and transforms it into nutrient rich dirt In less than four hours, I run it while I sleep, just like my dishwasher. No more smelly trash bins and it's so quiet. You barely notice it is running. And since I got my Lomi, guess what I'm taking out? Way less garbage. So if you're ready to start making a positive environmental impact and make cleanup a breeze, Lomi is exactly what you need. I want you to do this. Head over to Lomi dot com slash midas and use the promo code Midas To. get $50 off your Lomi. That's $50 off when you go to l om i.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Use our promo code Midas at checkout. Say goodbye food waste and hello to a cleaner, greener kitchen with Lomi and with the holidays coming up, Lomi makes the perfect gift for someone on your shopping list. So turn your food waste into dirt with the press of a button with Lomi. Use the code Midas and save $50 at Lomi dot com slash midas.


Next up a new Harris campaign ad. Yep, it goes there folks. Here's what they say about Donald Trump. Let's play it. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Donald Trump makes a lot of promises, but we can be sure of one thing. If he wins, he'll ignore all checks that reign in a president's power. It's all in Trump's project. 2025 agenda. What does that mean for you? Higher cost on groceries, cuts to social security and Medicare. More tax breaks for billionaires and a national abortion ban. Putting women's health at risk. A second Trump term, more unhinged, unstable, and unchecked. Here we go. A former Trump voter right here on why she's voting for Kamala Harris.


This is from the Republican voters against Trump. Let's play it. Lot of money. I know 20 of you and you're rich as hell. We're gonna give you tax cuts. We're Gonna pay. I am not rich as hell. I work hard. I scraped To, get by Donald. Trump wants to give tax breaks to billionaires, but Kamala Harris has plans to help us. She's gonna crack down on price gouging and cut taxes for working people like me. I voted for Donald Trump before, but this time I'm voting for Kamala, Our friends at the Evangelicals for Harris. They've been putting out some great ads. Great work you all, and I think it's important that you're setting the tone within the evangelical community as well.


That Donald Trump does not have the character and Donald Trump does everything that evangelicals should be against and frankly, anybody with moral characters should be against. Here's their new ad from the Evangelicals for Harris. This one's called Love thy neighbor. Let's play It. Thou shall love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy strength, and with all thy mind and thy neighbor as thyself, and who is my neighbor? Who is your neighbor? Today we must take a wider look. Because of modern communication and modern technology, the whole world has become our neighborhood and everyone is our neighbor that lives on this little planet.


The Democrats say, please don't call them animals. They're humans. I said, no, they're not humans. They're not humans. They're animals. They're destroying the blood of our country. That's what they're doing. It's poisoning the blood of our country. They're poisoning the blood of our country. That's what they've done. They poison. It's In their genes, and we got bad. A lot of bad gene in our country right Now. They came in from the Congo. They come in from South America. They come in from Asia. They come in from all over the world in Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. They're eating. They're eating the pets. Another ad right here from the Lincoln project, they write, the storm didn't end with Hurricane Helene or Milton.


Trump continues to devastate our country and it won't ever end if he's reelected. Let's play it. There's a hurricane making landfall in America and Donald Trump is at its center destroying everything in his path with a storm of lies and misinformation. They Stole the FEMA money just like they stole it from a Bank. The catastrophic cost of Donald Trump's propaganda and conspiracy theories are tearing our nation apart. Already formed in Hurricane Ravage, North Carolina and Florida. Truckloads of armed militias are reportedly hunting down FEMA agents, preventing them from providing desperately needed aid to storm victims. Federal agents had to be evacuated for their own safety. Leaving Americans stuck in the devastation that was once their hometowns.


FEMA has advised all federal responders in Rutherford County, North Carolina to stand down and evacuate the county immediately. Americans are suffering because of these lies. The storm of misinformation is as destructive as any hurricane. A hurricane that is 100% manmade. This is what Donald Trump and his project 2025 allies want for America. A nation that has no effective way to respond to emergencies. A nation built on lies and mistrust. This is their vision, their plan, their storm. They tell their followers that we control the weather this November. We'll, Here's another great one from Evangelicals for Harris. Here it is. Let's play it. I'm Eric Young and I'm a business owner.


I've been here this barbershop for nine years. Mainly the conservatives around this selection cycle to me is the economy. So we have all these problems, but we have to understand the model of this country is united, that we stand and divided that we fall. We're all in this thing together and together is how we will succeed this election. I think that faith plays a major part in the choices that we make between the two candidates. One is, is looking out for themselves and one is looking out for the community. Donald Trump, he doesn't exemplify a Christian and what a Christian should be and what a Christian does. It just doesn't align with the type of person that I am.


I think Kamala Harris cares about everyone in this country, rich or poor, black or white. I believe that she has the qualities to become a great President. Kamala Harris to me is a winner And love this little short by Mark Anthony. Let's play it. This Is Mark Anthony, even though some have forgotten, I remember what it was like when Trump was president. I remember what he did and he said about Puerto Rico, about our people. Rico I. Remember, after hurricane Maria devastated our island, Trump blocked billions in relief while thousands died. I remember when our families lacked clean water and electricity. Trump threw paper towels in cold Puerto Rico, dirty and poor.


I was not surprised because I also remember that he launched his campaign by calling Latinos criminals and rapists. He told us what he'll do, he'll separate children from their families and threaten to use the army to do it. This election goes way beyond political parties. Let's remember what the United States represents and stands for United regardless of where we're from. I'm Mark Anthony and I remember that's why I support Kamala Harris for President. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Here's another one from Evangelicals for Harris. Let's play it. My Name is Yvette Williams. I think we're giving politicians a pass on being moral and living up to the promises that they made when they ran for office.


We can have policy issue discussions, but let's start with the moral character First is that character Godlike. It's almost as though the Republican candidate wants to live in a world where he makes all the decision for us. I'm not willing to give up any of my liberty. Are you? The platform that Vice President Harris is running on is inclusive of all people. I'd much rather have someone who's going to help small businesses, which is a backbone of our country because the corporations are doing just fine. Young people are concerned about graduating from high school. They certainly can't afford an apartment on minimum wage.


Our young people wanna have hope. I, I think Hope is on the ballot And Vice President. Kamala Harris came out with this great ad featuring the family of Amber Thurman and the Harris campaign dropped that ad right after Donald. Trump mocked the family of Amber Thurman saying that he was gonna get better ratings than Amber Thurman's family. Of course, Amber Thurman died after not receiving urgent care needed for an infection under Georgia's abortion ban. This is what Trump said, play it. Amber Thurman's family have come out on a press call and they're doing what's called a prebuttal to our town hall right now. Oh, that's nice. Yeah, and I wanna To get, get better ratings, I promise.


Here's the new ad from Vice President Kamala Harris's team. Let's play it. My daughter Amber made me so proud she was having complications and Tonight we are learning more about the death of Amber Thurman. The death of Amber Thurman was likely preventable if she'd had access to abortion care in her home state of Georgia. What happened to her was preventable. My daughter is gone because of what Donald Trump did for 54 years. They were trying To get Roe v. Wade terminated and I did it and I'm proud to have done it. It is nothing good enough to bring her back. Her life is over. I've never been a political person, never.


I'm voting for Kamala Harris because she showed me she really cared. I felt her sincerity and I felt her strength. We will speak her name Amber Nicole Thur. I felt her compassion. We will never get Amber back, but we can make sure this never happens again. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Whoop, those ads are so powerful. Let me know what you think in the comments below, in the comments. Give me your ratings of which ones you think are the best ads thus far. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.