
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com cancel anytime terms apply.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


This episode is brought to you by me Undies underwear. Drawers are like the wild west. You never know what you're gonna pull out or what shape it's in. So upgrade your collection with the buttery soft comfort of me undies me. Undies signature fabric is as soft as a warm hug from your favorite sweater. Plus it's breathable and oh so comfy, making it ideal for all day wear. Get 20% off your first order plus free shipping at MeUndies dot com slash spotify with code Spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. Code Spotify.


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switched their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Donald Trump has been firing thousands of federal workers. Every day. Tens of thousands of workers have been fired, and now these workers are speaking out in public. A lot of them are disabled veterans. Veterans make up about 30 to 40% of our federal workforce after sacrificing on the battlefield and across the country. For our military. Oftentimes our veterans get work within the federal government to serve for their lifetime. Donald Trump is tearing their lives apart, firing them, and treating them like absolute trash.


They're now speaking out about it. Let me share some of these stories with you. And as you'll see at the end of the video, some individuals were even Trump supporters and didn't think this was going to happen. But let's just show you at first some disabled veterans who have lost their jobs. For example, here's a disabled veteran who lost his job with the Salt Lake Veteran Affairs Department. This is from Fox 13 News in Utah. Play this clip. Some federal workers may tell you a job with the government takes on a higher meaning. We Joined it because we want to serve our nation's veterans to serve our schools, our park goers, you know, everywhere that the federal government touches for Navy veteran Greg House, he wanted to continue helping others who have spent time in the military.


I get almost all of my care at the VA hospital. That is a huge part of my identity and I want to serve them. So he jumped at the chance to join the Veterans Affairs team in Salt Lake City last year, and all indicators told him he was thriving in the role Because I had only received top marks on my most recent performance evaluation. But on February 13th house discovered that the VA cut 1000 probationary employees. The next day he saw an email. My employment with the VA had been terminated due to my performance, which didn't make much sense to me.


House says it feels like a betrayal because from his time served in the Navy to his years here at the va, his entire adult life has been dedicated to this country. And It, it hurts to see that, you know, my story is not unique and that all of these thousands and thousands of probationary employees are having something that they've worked so hard for be just taken away. This 80% disabled veteran now joins many others around the country who are left searching for their next step and who are left hoping that others don't have to meet this same fate. The Next clip I want to share with you is just so sad, and, and it's a Chelsea Milburn.


She's a disabled veteran sharing her emotional story about being fired from her federal job that she worked so hard at by Donald Trump. Here Play this clip. I've already said I I've served my country for 11 years, nine of them on active duty. I deployed twice. I spent so much time away from my family. Oh no, I was gone when my mom passed away, and I missed that to serve my country. And I was excited to continue serving in this capacity. And they not only tore that out from under my feet, but couldn't even just grant me a layoff and instead placed the blame on me.


But it was my performance and I've gotten nothing but positive reviews on that. So I feel very much like the message is that my service isn't valued. They don't care about how this impacts me or people like me. And to me it it's inhumane. It, it feels like they're ignoring our personhood and not respecting us as human beings or as American Citizens. Yeah, that one brought a, a tear to my eye. Here is another veteran fired by the Trump administration. Here's what she had to say about what happened to her Play this clip. Yes, I was the program support assistant at the Cedar Rapids Vet Center.


We were mental health or they are a mental, mental health and behavioral health center. They, we have a director and counselors, and then I support the, the system there. I did up until Friday, February 14th, I was met at the door by my director. She let me know that I was done. I had no idea it hit me outta the blue. I didn't even know I was on a list that would possibly be considered, but it appears that any one of us could be on that list. I was allowed online the entire day to be able to sort my, my business. And I still haven't been able to offload or off board completely. So, because we are in limbo, I don't know Logan's experience, but mine is that I'm, I still am somewhere kind of in between.


And since I work for the Veterans Health Administration, there is no one now to meet our clients at the door. There's no one to confirm schedules. There's no one to help and assist with our counselors. And anytime you take the support away may seem minor. I was a GS six, I was on the lowest levels of, of the GS. Scale may seem minor, but the next time you walk into a doctor's office and there's no one to meet you at the front desk, you have no idea what's going on in the background. You have no idea If you have a schedule or an appointment still. And no one's there to balance the budget, to order things, to make sure the doctors and nurses or counselors have the support that they need. And in turn, clients that come in to assure their anonymity, to ensure that, that they get their needs met.


And when we talk about veterans, we're talking about 1% of the population of the United States. I'm one of them. So when Doug Collins, the secretary of the VA, said he would watch out for me, he would watch out for veterans and protect us if he was nominated as a secretary. Well, of the 220,000 of us that lost our positions, but the government, many of us, many of us are veterans, and I'm one of them that's proof. And folks, there are tens of thousands of stories just like this. I'll just share a few more with you. And I've went through them all and, and if I kept on showing these over and over again, I, I think you, you get the point. I just, I want to give these individuals a voice on this platform as well.


And I want you to see how cruel and unusual the, the treatment is by the Trump administration, by Elon Musk against people who have sacrificed their lives for the United States of America. It's so horrific. Here is a veteran by the name of Andrew Lennox. He's speaking out after his job at Veterans Affairs was terminated in the Doge Purge. Let's play it. I want to understand something because the grounds for termination in your case and so many others is basically a question of whether your continued employment was in the public interest. What is your reaction to that?


So, yeah, that, that's the exact language that was on the termination notification. It's my, my reaction at first it was surprise, you know, disbelief. And I mean, this morning as I packed up my office, it, it's anger, you know, because it's a, you know, my, I was terminated for my performance. I haven't even had a performance review. Nobody consulted any, you know, any supervisors or even the director of our hospital before making these terminations. So tell me about your job and why you wanted to work at the va. Yeah, so I spent 10 years in the Marine Corps. I, I loved it. Greatest job I ever had. And I made the decision transitioned into the civilian world.


And for a little bit, I, I worked in civilian jobs. I was at a pharmaceutical company for a little bit, and they sent me to a military friendly employers conference. And I ended up sharing a table with some veterans affairs social workers. There's a, a Marine Corps vet. And he was telling me about the work he does and like, looking at that group of people and the organizations that get back to, you know, veterans. I, I made the decision that is what I wanna do. I wanna continue serving my country. And I thought there'd be no better way than helping, you know, veterans, you know, my family, the people you know, that, you know, gave me so much I'd like to get back. And my role there as administrative officer for our primary care department of the hospital.


So it's a lot of behind the scenes stuff. It's kind of eliminating the red tape and friction that just comes into healthcare as far as like scheduling doctors, the patients, making sure wait times are short, you know, scheduling, vacation pay, ordering equipment, all these things that we try and take the administrative burden off of the doctors and the nurses and the care providers to get veterans treated, you know, as quickly and effectively as possible. Here is another fired army veterans speaking out about the federal layoffs. Let's play it. Well, Joining us tonight is Nelson Felice Sr. A 30 year army veteran who served as a first sergeant and spent more than a decade working for the Department of Veteran Affairs until he got a notice that he was being let go just a week ago.


Nelson, thanks for joining us on that. I'm sorry about the, the difficult situation that you're in right now. Tell us what type of work did you do for the va? So I started back in Florida doing MSA work. Now I work was working in a hospital doing background investigation for the va, VHA and fingerprinting folks that were newly hired. I gotcha. Yeah. Important work. I'm, I'm sure you enjoyed doing it, doing it for 10 years. I know you wrote a letter appealing your termination. Tell us about, how did you find out you were being let go and what reason were you given?


Well, I didn't find out because my normal work hours were that during the week, so Friday I was off, so they were calling me, but I had my phone on vibrate was Valentine's Day and, you know, little family time. And then I, I got a, a phone call from one of my coworkers and told me, Hey, you need to look at your email and see what's happen. So then I found out that at 7:00 PM they sent me a letter saying that I was terminated and that just, Hmm, Yeah, shocking. I'm sure to see that. Did they say it was for performance or did they give you any type of reason or did they just say you're out?


They just took it random and everybody that they send this letter to said it was performance, but there's a form called 0 7 5 0 that will show that that was incorrect. Plus I had tenure. Yeah. You know, and a lot of veterans they end up working at it shouldn't surprise you at the Veterans Department and Veterans Affairs, which is just getting absolutely gutted. There could be about 50, 60, 70,000 veterans who are going to be losing their job based on what the Trump administration is doing. Each with a story like the one I just shared With you, as you know, I'm a dad and well, I've just been having the greatest time ever.


Here's the thing, I never knew just how important it was, what we give our children. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals, and other gummy junk that growing kids should never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved superpower chewable vitamin. Now, while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, HIA is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and is perfect for picky eaters. HIA fills in the most important common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated. With the help of nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones, and more. It's non GMO, vegan, dairy free, allergy free, gelatin free, nut free and everything else you can imagine. HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad and I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins. And that's why I'm so happy to have come across high health. The ingredients are amazing and I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because high health is made without that stuff and it's able to keep the great taste. Now we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order now to claim this deal, you must go to HIA health.com/midas. Now this deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E-A LT h.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


As I said at the beginning, I wanted to share with you a video of a Trump supporter. And here's what this Trump supporter, I don't know how the other people voted in the beginning of this video, but this is a Trump supporter. Right here is a FEMA civil servant and disabled military veteran voted for Trump. Now he's out of a job. American veteran fired from fema told WTOP quote, I voted for Donald Trump, but this is not what I was expecting. We didn't think they were going to take a chainsaw to a silk rug. The man said he was a Trump voter. He was fired by a White House official and said in TV interviews that contradicts what White House officials have said, that these are like far left people.


He was dismissed as part of a widespread purge. Yet the form email reads, quote, the agency finds, based on your performance that you have not demonstrated that your further employment at the agency would be in the public interest. The government blames his firing on him. WTOP says it reviewed his positive evaluations as a leader. The man and his wife accepted that the US needs to save money, but assumed that as a veteran of long service, he would have been safe. They're calling their reps in Congress. They thought it wasn't going to happen to them. This nastiness, this devastation would just happen to others.


We tried to warn you that it was going to happen to you and it's going to happen to others If you don't stand up. Look, Americans are pissed right now. US consumer sentiment is plunging Trump's approval ratings are plunging. The University of Michigan's latest consumer survey shows American sentiment decline in February for the second consecutive month. And it was a double digit decline from the month before Inflation already surging. And to that comment from the Trump supporter who said he didn't think that they would take a chainsaw to a silk rug, may I show you this video of Elon Musk at CPAC here Play this clip.


This is the chainsaw for Bureaucracy Church saw. That's, Or how about Stephen Miller blaming you, blaming our hardworking veterans and federal workers as well. Just federal workers in general who work every day for our government. You know, they're not seeking attention on social media. They're not out there, you know, seeking the limelight like Trump and these mangas. They're out there working hard, chopping wood every day to make sure that you and I and others in this country are safe and secure.


And then you have Stephen Miller saying things like that. Horrible. And here is Donald Trump's National Economic Council Director, Kevin Hassett, and he said he basically blames that these federal workers were bad workers, is what he says. And he mocks them. And he basically says, oh, I guess people who get fired never say they perform bad right here, Play this clip. We're Being told by a lot of people who have been let go at other agencies that they were told they were being dismissed because of poor performance when in some cases they haven't even had a performance review yet because they've only been on the job a couple of months. Yeah, I've never seen a person who was laid off for poor performance say that they were performing poorly.


Okay, Carolyn, Good Point. Sure. Caitlyn, Just so you see as well, I'll leave you with this. There are other programs that they're cutting. They're, they're cutting jobs that the Veterans Affairs crisis hotline that deals with suicidal veterans who are calling and need help or in or in crisis. They're making cuts there. They're making cuts to nine 11 first responders here Play this clip, the Nine 11 Health program, taking a heavy hit from the Department of Government Efficiency. You Know, the fund provides healthcare for thousands of first responders and civilians, while new staff reductions could put lives at risk. John Mueller has a closer look.


More than 137,000 people are enrolled in the nine 11 Health program, first responders. And everyday New Yorkers exposed to the toxic dust battling health ailments and cancers. The program created to keep them alive is now the latest target of budget cuts under Elon Musk and Doge. It's Repulsive. It's, it's it's reckless. You know, no wonder that we're seeing Republican voters as well show up at town halls being held by Republican members of Congress, Democrats, republicans, independents are pissed at what Trump and Musk are doing to our veterans, to our hard working government workers who have worked every day to keep us safe as well.


They're trying to take away your Medicaid and Medicare and they're going after your Social Security. And what about just privacy? Privacy, right? We all value our privacy. Why are they trying to tell us that Elon Musk and billionaires get to go into our bank accounts, get to have our tax records, get to look at our medical records, get access to our social security information, get access to all of the private data about our families. Why? Why are we, why do they get that? And then Trump and Elon Musk and JD Vance and these right wing media networks, they want to tell us, oh, because These people Are so rich, they would never do anything bad with it.


Come on. What are we talking about here? That's not America. We should not be okay with that, regardless of political party. So stand up and make your voice heard. Okay? We we're in this together and my heart goes out to all of those veterans, disabled veterans who I showed you in this video who lost their jobs, but also whose dignity was attacked as well. And that's an attack on the dignity I think, of all veterans and all hardworking government workers. All government workers. Thanks for watching. Hit Subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers. Thank you. The Truth is more important than ever.


Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made


Life can be chaotic if you're running a retail business. Don't let disorganized order fulfillment add to the chaos. Use ShipStation instead. With ShipStation, you never have to worry about shipping and fulfillment again. Whether you're running a business out of your garage or you have multiple warehouses, ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your business's growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating repetitive tasks. Plus, you'll save money with the best shipping rates from global carriers. Ships station's, industry leading features help you deliver a better customer experience. They'll get accurate and faster shipments along with automated tracking updates with your branding and with up to 88% off UPS and USPS rates and up to 90% off FedEx rates. ShipStation is the fastest and most affordable way to ship. Calm the chaos. Switch to ShipStation today. Start a free trial at ShipStation dot com slash audio. That's ShipStation dot com slash audio.