
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, Guaranteed Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


Oh, Trump voters. You thought you were voting for lower prices, more affordable housing and better jobs? No, you're voting for someone who's out there embarrassing the United States. He looks like he has dementia like symptoms, in my opinion, and he's out there talking about making Canada the 51st state. He's making posts, oh, Canada and painting the map of North America and the American flag. He's talking about conquering Greenland and going after our nato ally, Denmark. He's talking about using military force, not just against Greenland, but also Panama and President Xi. Jing Ping is loving this. It justifies his desire to take over Taiwan.


Vladimir Putin's loving this. It justifies his imperial ambitions and MAGA voters, Trump voters. You didn't realize that this is what you were voting for, to watch this guy talk about this stuff every single day. Here, take a look at this if you can. This is what a Trump supporter saying. Nobody asks for Greenland. Nobody asked for Canada. Nobody asked for Panama. We just asked for a wall. We asked to deport them all. We asked for America First. Hello Bueller. You asked to deport them. All the leopards are eating your face, Mr. David J. Riley.


It's the Associated Press puts it Trump, the America First candidate has a new preoccupation, imperialism, and Donald Trump's propaganda outlets owned by Australian born Rupert Murdoch sure loves it. Take a look at his rag, the New York Post, they're calling it the Don Row doctrine. Trump's vision for the hemisphere when he conquers all of these places, Greenland will now be known as our land. Canada will be known as the 51st state. The Gulf of Mexico will be known as the Gulf of America and Panama.


It will now be known as Panama, according to Trump propaganda media. Oh, and by the way, Trump's buddies in the House of Representatives, the MAGA Republicans on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. This is what they posted. They deleted it after they were criticized, but this was their original post. They go, our country was built by warriors and explorers. We tamed the West, won two world wars, and were the first to plant our flag on the moon. President Trump has the biggest dreams for America, and it's un-American to be afraid of big dreams.


Oh, David J. Riley, you didn't know that. According to Ganau, it's un-American. If you don't want America to conquer your NATO allies and go on this imperial quest where he sends our troops, our soldiers, to attack our NATO allies, you didn't. You didn't know that. By the way, Donald Trump gave a press conference on Thursday where he continued to talk about taking over Greenland. He goes, the people of Greenwood would love to become a state of the United States of America now Denmark, because Greenland's part of the kingdom of Denmark. Now, Denmark maybe doesn't like it, but then we can't be too happy with Denmark, and maybe things have to happen with respect to Denmark having to do with tariffs.


I'm sorry, world dis guy's. Just an idiot. I'm sorry I, when I report on this stuff too, I do wanna reflect on my concept of WMDA weapon of mass distraction, and it ties into this video because Donald Trump's talking about all of these things and they should be taken very seriously. But he's talking about all of these things to distract from the fact that he never had an America First agenda. He had a billionaire first agenda. The billionaire at Mar-a-Lago who were all there dining on their caviar, or, well, they have burnt steak at Mar-a-Lago. It seems like a pretty crap. I don't like caviar either, but seems like a pretty crappy kind of cheap place to go, and a very dealious place to go, even though all these billionaires go there and do the kind of walk of shame to Mar-a-Lago, if you will.


But it's a billionaire agenda that that's what they're pursuing more. Donald Trump whining about Canada becoming the 51st state. Take a look at what David Riley was saying to this other MAGA guy in the chat. The other guy's like, yeah, but Trump wants to call the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of America, so that's America First. And David Riley's like, I don't give a shit what the map says. We need to fix the country immediately. We are facing several existential crises than this other count goes. He's deporting them or departing them 'cause they can't spell day one with Tom Holman. Then in other accounts like, sure, Jan, he stated that, sure, Karen, he's a liar.


He won't do it. Seriously, Dave, we asked to make America great again. Controlling international shipping, 100% applies. This is America. First. America is more than a wall. Then David responds, no, this is globalism rebranded as maga. Remember, the North American Union Bush proposed in 2005. This is the same thing. If Trump put half as much bluster into his talk about deporting all illegal aliens as he is into this Greenland crap, people would self deport. Who knows? And then some other MAGA are like, thank you. Then another account goes, I'm glad I am not the only one who finds this all ridiculous. Another account goes, this is what we were promising.


When do we get it gas under $2? Trump promised lower grocery prices. Trump promised a 50% decrease in car assurance. Landlords will reduce their rent. Home prices will go down, sub 3% interest rates, no tax on Social Security, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime. He'll end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. He'll end the conflict in Israel in 24 hours, lower taxes for families making under $200,000. He has no excuses not to keep every promise. The Republican Party has the House, senate and Supreme Court, so he can't blame Democrats for not keeping his promises. Its promise is broken all the time. I did a whole nother video on this, but Trump's envoy to Ukraine and Russia canceled his meeting with Ukraine.


Vladimir Putin's basically said that he's not interested in doing any deal with Donald Trump as it relates to Ukraine. Unless there's total capitulation by Ukraine,


your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Mades. Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infuse fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Mightest Mighty saying how great Miracle made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why. It uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. Now, these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets, so no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands, and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer, than the sheets used by some five star hotel. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas. That's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C e.com/m EI ds to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40% and if you use our promo code Midas Set Checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you. Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


How about this one right here? Remember when Elon Musk was promising that Doge, by the way, he's, I haven't heard a lot from Musk and Vik Ramis Swami recently. Where? Where did those guys go? Elon Musk now says that Doge might not be able to cut $2 trillion actually. Like do you remember when all of these MAGA Republican congress members like, oh, we'll be able to do 2 trillion, we'll be able to do 2 trillion, absolutely. We'll be able to do 2 trillion. Okay, you're not doing 2 trillion in this article by Politico. Musk is quoted as saying that he probably wouldn't be able to even do half as much as 2 trillion, so less than 1 trillion, or maybe Doge isn't gonna do anything at all.


Maybe Doge is just going to be an extension, an agent of the billionaires, so that they can get what they want in and out of bills from their mago Republican friends for their global agenda. Maybe that's what this actually is all about. For people like Elon Musk, for example, when it came to the continuing resolution, remember what was removed from that bill from the continuing resolution. Ultimately, what was removed after Elon Musk through his temper tantrum was some additional cancer research funding, tens of millions of dollars more that would've went to pediatric cancer research, and then also it removed restrictions on billionaires and big corporations in America from doing certain types of business with China.


So it was pro cancer and pro China, huh, that's an interesting one. Also, we're seeing that some of these PhRMA groups and the trade groups that represent farmers, many who were very supportive of Donald Trump, they're now running ads like this. Some in Congress want to cut conserv, cut conservation funding farmers need. Dude, you voted for, this is what you voted for. Leopards eating your face are the leopards eating your face. Okay, this is from the Globe and Mail from Canada. Beijing says it's willing to deepen economic ties with Canada as Trump brings trade chaos. What? What did I tell you? What have I been telling you for weeks?


Donald Trump's threats against China and Mexico, and everybody just plays into President Xi Jinping's hand for President Xi's Silk Road to his belt and road strategy where he's like, okay, you don't need the United States. We'll, we'll be the new us. We'll help you. We're not going to threaten you. We'll respect you, and it's CCP propaganda, but it's effective when American propaganda and when it's coming from Donald Trump is the Don Row doctrine. What would, what would you rather do if you were a nation? Would you rather be conquered under the Don Row doctrine or would you rather go with someone who's gonna promise to invest billions, even if it's bs?


Huh? I wonder, I wonder which one you go with. So this is an article that talks about how China says it wants to, it's willing to deepen economic relations with Canada as this country's trading relationship with the United States hits a rough patch. The People's Republic of China's Canada's second largest trading partner after the us and in 2017, Ottawa came close to starting talks with Beijing on a trade agreement. In 2019, China restricted imports of several Canadian products and including canola seed and apparent retaliation for Ottawa arresting a Chinese tech executive. The value of the economic fallout, billions in lost sales pales in comparison to the threat US president-elect Donald Trump has made to Canada vowing 25% tariffs in all Canadian goods when he takes office.


Canadian exports to the United States in 2023 exceeded $592 billion. China's embassy in Ottawa said in a recent statement to the Globe and Mail that it's willing to talk about increasing trade and ties. It was responding to a question about whether China would be interested in resuming talks on a trade agreement with Canada. Given the trade threats from the us, China is willing to work with Canada to create a good environment for China, Canada economic and trade cooperation based on the principles of correct understanding, mutual respect, seeking common ground while reserving differences and mutual benefit and win-win results. The diplomatic mission set, I mean, did they literally craft that sentence to be the exact opposite of Donald Trump?


Mutual respect, correct. Understanding economic and trade co cooperation seeking common ground mutual benefits, win-win results, right? Literally they're, they're, they're somewhat trolling us as well, and they're doing the exact opposite of what Donald Trump is saying. Quote, this is in line with the fundamental interests of the two countries and their people. China has always advocated trade liberalization and facilitation and actively participated in Asia Pacific regional cooperation and economic integration. By the way, did you see when we reported on what was going on in the Copenhagen News recently in the Copenhagen Copenhagen paper where the Danish news outlet, Dr.


Reported, that sources told them that Trump's people bribed homeless and socially disadvantaged people with hotel dinners to play Trump supporters during Don Junior's visit to Greenland, and I like this by Adam Kinzinger right here. It's always something that I wanna remind our viewers of. Remember Donald Trump saying, I'm gonna rename the Gulf of Mexico, Gulf of America, as Adam Kininger says, this is the gulf of cheaper eggs. You didn't promise that you were gonna do all this stupid crap. By the way, we warned, we warned you that the leopard was going to eat your face to all the Trump voters, but this isn't what Trump promised. But now he's talking about all this stupid stuff and Kininger is bringing it back to, I think, the fundamental point.


You said you were gonna have lower prices. You said you were gonna make housing more affordable. You said you were gonna have no tax on all of these things, tips over time, et cetera. You made all these promises to union workers. You made all these promises better wages, you made all of these promises, and now you are not gonna be fulfilling that. You're already walking back all of those promises. So I think that's what we gotta do. We gotta call 'em out. Remember, weapon of mass distraction, WMD, bring it back always. When people start talking about all this stuff, I think it's important that we talk about what Trump's doing. We should take his threat seriously, but bring it back to, okay, but how is that gonna lower prices? Okay, well, how is that going to lower the price of eggs?


Okay, how is that gonna make housing more affordable? Okay. How is that gonna lower interest rates? Okay, how is that gonna lower mortgage rates? Okay. How is that gonna help people's health? Okay. How is that going to help our veterans? Okay. How is any of this gonna help Americans bring it back to that over and over again? Oh, we're this gonna help your billionaire buds over in Mar-a-Lago, right? Right. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.