
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, Guaranteed, Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


What have I said about Donald Trump, WMD weapon of mass distraction? Let me give you exhibit A, just take a look at what he's posted over the past 48 hours. And just a reminder, I don't show Trump video or audio anymore on this channel, but I will tell you what he's doing and saying, because corporate media wants to normalize his behavior, not here on the Midas Touch Network. And I fact check this stuff as well. So I was looking at Donald Trump's posts, and here's one of the things that he posted. Trump rings opening bell at New York Stock Exchange. I saw that. I was puzzled. I was like, why is he posting this now? Did he go back to the stock exchange and I just missed it?


No, he's randomly reposting. Now, January 9th and 10th posts about when he rang the bell on December 12th, 2024, basically 30 days ago or so. Why is he reposting this? Now, by the way, the stock market was down that day and the stock market's been pretty volatile. And if you want to take a look at the, the bond market right now, very volatile as well. But why does he keep on posting? This is what he posted as well. He keeps on posting about this December 12th visit. By the way, Trump rings opening bell at New York Stock Exchange in front of time person of the year cover.


He's gonna keep posting this just every, every day, just randomly post this. Oh, by the way, as you're scrolling through his posts, his social media platform has ads like this. Get new permanent teeth in just 24 hours. So anyway, I, I'll reserve what I'm about to say. Focus Ben, focus, okay? Then Donald Trump just posts this map of Canada, US Greenland, you see Mexico there as well. He wants you to know that the capital of the United States is Washington DC, and the capital of Greenland is nuke, although he probably doesn't know that. So he's posting, he's posting that map.


Why? Oh, because he wants to conquer it. Total normal behavior to annex our allies in Canada to annex Greenland, which he says he's not gonna rule out using military force to take over Greenland and make it part of the United States, even though Denmark is a member of nato. And then NATO would have to declare what, oh, war on the United States for trying to invade Greenland. This is what Donald Trump's posting. I mean, by the way, could you imagine if President Biden made any posts like this? Here's what Donald Trump posts as well.


He posts this chart and he from Mark Andreessen, and it says, this is a really remarkable chart of tariffs as a percentage of total federal revenue. The second industrial revolution, perhaps the most fertile era for technology development and deployment in US history was 1870 to 1914. And you take a look at this, you know, a lot of nations that use tariffs are developing nations, not developed wealthy nations that need to engage in trade with the world.


And so what this chart is purporting to suggest or say, is somehow that tariffs as a percentage towards overall revenue is an indicator of what economic prosperity. So you are saying that post World War II America, where America became the wealthiest nation in the world, was a worse economic time than what you say the best economic time was, was sometime around our Civil War, where if you even look earlier, the late 17 hundreds, you want our economy to look like the American economy of the late 17 hundreds.


What in the world are we even talking about here? More posts of Donald Trump talking about conquering Canada. And then this right wing propagandist, Paul Ingrassia says, Donald Trump's reemergence on the world stage brings statesmen like order. Donald Trump showed the world that peace is achievable, decline is not inevitable. And a continent embattled by so many maladies can be revived so long as it reclaimed faith. Okay, were we, are we observing the factual world, or are you living in the kind of MAGA fan fiction right now? So do you wanna say that peace is achievable?


Let's address that first. Didn't Donald Trump say that within 24 hours of the election, he would bring pre he would bring peace into Ukraine? Well, that didn't happen. Well, what if I give him the benefit of the doubt? I shouldn't. But let's just say I did for assume Ardo for the sake of argument that I did that. So 24 hours after Trump's inauguration, he promised that there would be peace in Ukraine. What Donald Trump says is he would go to Putin and say, Putin, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta do the peace. Hey, Ukraine, you gotta do the peace. I'm gonna negotiate this. Peace. Peace. We good with peace. Peace. All right, I did it. I did it. Well, what we do know is that Donald Trump's envoy to Ukraine just canceled his meeting with Zelinsky and Zelinsky foreign minister, Donald Trump said that there'll be some meeting to take place with Vladimir Putin.


Putin said that he won't agree to any terms unless Donald Trump comes begging to Putin. And then Donald Trump somehow agrees that Putin and Russia should force a total capitulation on Ukraine. And Ukraine needs to basically become Russia. That's what Russia said their one term is, and that Trump needs to accept a new world order. So I'm just trying to get this straight because there's no peace in Ukraine. Okay? What about Israel Palestine? Well, Donald Trump recently said that if the hostages are not released immediately before he takes office, he will unleash hell on Gaza.


Hasn't hell kind of already been unleashed on Gaza so far? And aren't you gonna hand, didn't you say you would handle this right away? Now you're saying it needs to be done before you take office. Why? Because you wouldn't know what you were doing there, and you're gonna unleash extra hell, extra hell, apparently. Okay, well, you're not, you're not bringing peace there. So what, what, what are we doing? Oh, you're threatening to invade Greenland and Panama and Annex Canada, sending our young soldiers to fight our allies who fought beside us, whether it was Canada in World War ii, and of course, before and after, whether it was Denmark, who put their soldiers side by side, risking their lives with Americans after nine 11.


That's who you wanna invade. That's who you wanna attack. You're gonna attack Panama and bring China into this warp. Hmm. Because it seems all you're doing by talking about territorial expansion is now creating a more unstable world. Wouldn't that make sense? Isn't the logical thing by you threatening territorial expansion and annexing your neighbors, wouldn't that seem to give credence to Vladimir Putin's desire to annex his neighbors? That seems to be a logical way of thinking about things. Aren't you empowering President Xi Jinping of China to take over Taiwan and justify its one China policy?


If you want to conquer Greenland and Panama and Mexico and Canada, don't these other countries go, well, America's gonna do that. So how are we gonna be held accountable? I want you to think about that. This is some magical statesmanship. All I saw Donald Trump was go to the Notre Dame Cathedral in France, do some weird handshake with Macron, and then I saw President Macron and the prime Minister of Poland mocking Trump's handshake. And ever since then, all I see is all these world leaders from France and from Germany, chancellor of Germany, the foreign minister of France now saying that they're prepared to invoke the military alliance from the European Union against the United States.


If you threaten their sovereignty, how, how, how is that beneficial?


When your car breaks down, you take it to a mechanic with no hesitation, you need it. And it's not something that most guys can fix themselves, and men should think the exact same way about Ed. But the reality is you might be hesitant to seek help. Thankfully through Hims, you can get access to personalized ed treatments without stepping outside your door. Hims is changing men's healthcare by providing you with access to affordable sexual health treatments from the comfort of your couch. HIMSS provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments like Chewable Hardman and Viagra and Cialis, and their generics for up to 95% cheaper. The process is 100% online, so there's no need for uncomfortable doctor's visits. Just answer a series of questions on their site. And a medical provider will determine the right treatment option if prescribed your medication ships directly to you for free. No insurance is needed, and one low price covers everything from treatments to ongoing care with hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. Hims can help you find the ED option that works for you. Start your free online visit today at Hims dot com slash midas. That's h ims.com/midas for your personalized ed treatment options, Hims dot com slash midas. The products mentioned are chewable compounded products, which are not covered by or verified for safety or effectiveness by the FDA prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider who will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information. Subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


Donald Trump calling Governor Gavin Newsom, new scum during a fire. Donald Trump posting random videos of people from Greenland wearing MAGA hats, the reporting from Denmark's, Dr. Their very respectable paper there out of Copenhagen saying that Trump handed out these hats. Don Jr handed out these hats to people there, and a lot of them were like impoverished people, and they promised him free meals. A bunch of other posts of Donald Trump whining about losing court cases over and over again. Whining, whining, whining. Another post here of Donald Trump attacking former President Barack Obama for commanding the CIA to overthrow the Syrian government and American media covered for him.


And it's in account Wall Street apes. What's your point, Donald? I mean, what, what, what's your point about Syria? You're just gonna attack Obama? Like, do you want to articulate what you foreign policy is? Because I distinctly remember what you promised people is you scared 'em and said that we're on the brink of World War iii, which we're not. But you scared people and said that you said you alone would fix this situation and stop a World War iii. And you said you would do it by bringing peace to Ukraine in 24 hours and bringing peace in Gaza in basically a very short period of time. But all you've done now is threaten to annex, to conquer, to take over America's allies.


You've tried to destroy NATO already. You've strengthened Russia and China, their positions already. You've created a much more unstable world. So I, I'm just trying to think here rationally folks, about what, what's, what's the game plan? What's, what's the end game here? Total disaster. And again, just contrast this with President Biden's, post President Biden's posting. I've strengthened my alliances photos with him in NATO photo with him and some of our competitors, you know, whether it's India, other countries, photos with him at the G 20 summit, photos of him with our EU allies, photos of him building alliances.


What, what? I mean, what, what is this crap right here? But anyway, ju judge, for yourself, I wanna show it to you because again, you may be on the fence. Maybe you don't know. You know, to me, this really shouldn't be political, right? Like, I, I'm not going, oh, I'm a democrat, so it's this, I'm an independent, I'm a conserv. I mean, I, I just look at this stuff and I'm like, why are you posting things from December 12th? It's mid-January almost already. Why are you talking about conquering Greenland all the time? That's fricking weird and dangerous. Why during the heart of a fire are you calling Newsom new scum? Have some heart maybe be productive rather than be an internet troll?


Why are, why are you whining like a freaking baby who whines like this? I mean, seriously. I mean, if, if, I mean, I can't even see it. I'm even, I could have my editor just post it up. I'm not even sure why. I'm sure if you have posts like that with all caps all over, like, who talks like this? Could you imagine if your boss or someone you worked with just behaved like this, you'd be like, yo person. Weird. It's a big problem. There you have it, folks. Judge it for yourself. I'm just giving you the facts. Judge it for yourself. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.