
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Donald Trump is having a disastrous Friday. He had to run back to his safe space to play some more golf on the tax player dime at Bedminster New Jersey after threatening war in Iran and saying, evacuate toran, now we're gonna kill you. Ayatollah and posts like that. And then he said, I need two weeks I the GOP and play golf. The whole world thinks Donald Trump is utterly weak, empathetic, and he proves them right once again while golfing. Here are the types of things that he is posting right now. On Friday, he's posting memes, Q Anon slogans.


Here's what he posted, a photo of himself that says, trust the plan. What is the plan? Nothing can stop what's coming. Okay, that sounds like a Q Anon slogan. What's coming? I was the hunted and now I am the hunter. Dude, you couldn't even last more than five hours at the G seven before you so embarrassed to be there with actual world leaders who knew what they were doing that you had to leave and head back to Washington, DC right away. Then Donald Trump posts the following, the golden Age.


It's a photo of himself. Another meme. Donald J. Trump. 45, 47, 48. We need this winning to continue. Oh, Donald 48, oh, you're gonna be a dictator for life. What a funny meme to be posting on Friday that makes you really strong, Donald, to post memes saying that you're going to be the 48th president and be a dictator. Ha ha ha ha ha. Really funny. And by the way, all of the MAGA supporters were echoing that today. So after Donald Trump said that he was gonna be the 48th president by posting this, the MAGA reacted all the MAGA influencers who are having a huge say over American foreign policy like the rapper, Gio Blow, and someone named wo something is, is their name.


These people have major influence over American foreign policy here they are reacting to Donald Trump saying that he's gonna be the 48th president in a post play. This clip Trump 2028. Whoa, wow. 48 President Trump, show your hat. Show him your new hat. Show him your new hat. And while Americans are not clear whether or not American troops are going to be sent to Iran, what's the plan? Is the Trump regime planning regime change in Iran? Is that gonna lead to a broader regional conflagration? What's happening? Donald Trump is making posts like this. Congratulations to Maya Lessner on the win from Colorado State.


Great genetics. And I guess they show the photo next to her dad, who is like in the WE or something, great genetics, Donald Trump says. Then he posts a photo of a, of a random woman blowing bubbles. And this says, thank you so much, but the Republicans have a great party. They are working hard to make America great again. Exclamation point. And the photo that Donald Trump is posting and then commenting on the photo he's posting says, is anyone going to tell the GOP that Trump is the only reason that they have any voters left? Then Donald Trump makes this post a former president Barack Obama kneeling next to a bunch of money and it says, we know who is responsible for Iran's nuclear program.


You're blaming former President Obama for Iran's nuclear program. Like, do we all realize what a pathetic, vile piece of shit Donald Trump is? And excuse my language, but when I, I show you, I, I don't know the right word to capture what an actual piece of shit he is like as a human being, just as a basic human being. You know, he can't even stay more than a few hours with the G seven leaders. 'cause he's utterly pathetic. He threatens war against Iran with American troops. I'm gonna kill you Aya. Everybody evacuate Tehran now. Then he says he needs two weeks to go and play golf. Meanwhile, he's federalizing. National Guard troops doesn't even have the resources to pay them or give them proper healthcare care or give them pillows or, or beds.


By the way, I'm not sure if you saw this, but the recent Reuters Ipsos poll came out this morning and I'm gonna show this clip because this guy, Harry Entin on CNN, he's been spending the past two weeks saying, oh, Donald Trump knows immigration's his best issue. This is why he's doing it. This is a winning issue for him. Well, Harry Entin had to eat his words this morning. Here's what Harry Entin had to say. Play this clip. I think we can say that Donald Trump has lost the political battle when it comes to what has happened out in Los Angeles. Donald Trump's net approval rating on the Los Angeles process. Look at this overall way, way, way underwater. Minus 15 points. How about among independents or those who don't have identify with either major party way, even lower?


Look at that minus 24 points on the net approval rating. And of course, this is happening on what should be one of Donald Trump's, in fact the best issue for Donald Trump immigration. And yet when it comes to these Los Angeles protests, 15 points underwater overall and 24 points underwater among independents. No? Yeah, As we've been saying on the Midas Touch Network, it is not popular. Federalizing the National Guard and, and sending them against peaceful protestors and escalating of the situations. You know, nor is it popular to send a mask. Gestapo, Allah, the KK, K, let's just call it out.


What it is, A MAs Gestapo, who's walking around our cities, going to Home Depots, raiding street vendors who are selling food to people going into factories and restaurants. Let, let me share this with you as well. This was from our, our local news channel in Los Angeles, KTLA. And you'll see how these masks for the international audience. I mean, you gotta be watching this. And I mean for Americans, how this is happening in the United States, we have masked ice Gestapo who run around and chase people, throw 'em on the ground, migrants and disappear them.


Pregnant women thrown to the ground, just shipped out. I mean, imagine the stress that's being caused here. Play this clip at the Home Depot on sunset where you have a lot of people, migrants who are there to work and contribute to our economy. And then there was also a lot of food vendors who would sell food to the people who would wait to work and help build homes and things like that. Here, play this clip. Several People were running upwards. Wiltons, please. I informed him that ice agents were around the area. They were aware of that. And then that's when A SUV pulled up came out.


Two agents tackled down a individual with no questions. They placed his face into the dirt, physically apprehended him, And we reached out to officials for more details on today's raid. They said, while they can't comment on every single operation, these raids continue on a daily basis. And that today's raid was routine, routine federal immigration, law enforcement operation. You're out here. We've been seeing the gentleman who's been very emotional. His wife was detained. He has no idea where she was taken. But you said some of the people detained today were also your neighbors. That's right. My neighbors unfortunately got taken. They are not bad people. They are not criminals.


They are hard workers. They came here for a better life because that's what the United States is about, right? You have freedom. You come here for a better life because unfortunately you run from countries your own home. That's not the best, right? You come here looking for a better life. You come here for a sanctuary. You come here to think that you're gonna make it out here. But unfortunately, with these people coming and taking our own people, the people that constructed California, the people that work for California, the people who do a lot for us, right? They're taking 'em. What are you gonna do when we're not here? What are you gonna do when you have nobody left to work with for You? And the, the woman you mentioned who was taken, she's pregnant. She's Actually pregnant. That's the saddest part. She's pregnant. She must have been scared. You don't know if this is gonna cost you stress to her baby.


You don't know if she might lose the baby from what A sick regime we have here in the United States.


You're smart enough to know when something's not working, like when you can't focus at work or when you're dragging by 2:00 PM or when your stomach feels like it's fighting you after every meal. Well, here's the thing, these aren't random symptoms. Your gut impacts everything from your digestion to your brain function to your energy levels. That's why we love JustThrive Probiotic. Unlike other brands that make big promises but fall apart in your stomach. JustThrive is the only probiotic clinically proven to arrive in your gut, 100% alive. For you, that means real results, like better digestion, healthy immunity, and more energy to tackle your day. But don't just take our word for it. Try JustThrive probiotic for 90 days and see how much better you feel if you don't notice a difference. They'll refund every penny, even if the bottle's empty. Start your 90 day risk-free trial today at JustThrive health.com and use promo code Midas to save 20% on your first bottle. That's JustThrive health.com. Promo code Midas,


oh, these are the ads that are running by Donald Trump's post photos of him kicking the screen that says Trump's bold plan to abolish the IRS 50 year governor, government. Governor Insider, government insider reveals all, then they just start lying about the economy. Lowest inflation in four years says Kevin Hassett. Donald Trump's national economic advisor, inflation is rising. Inflation is not, the inflation is going up right now. We heard from the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell, by the way, most Americans expect inflation will now hit 7.3% over the next 12 months.


The highest reading in 44 years. Like if we're talking about real data, but the regime says, your prices are down, your gas is 1 98. According to the regime, department of Treasury just announced the largest blue collar wage growth in over 60 years. Wow. Made up entirely false. Not happening. There was a manufacturing boom under former President Biden, not under Donald Trump. The Philly Fed employment data is the worst since April, 2024, but nearly the worst since the third quarter of 2019. Right now, negative 9.8, all of the leading labor market indicators have worsened more concerns. Now also about the quality of the US economic data that are we even actually getting accurate economic data at all from the Trump regime?


And the economic data is bad, but as Apollo, you know, like the private equity firm, Apollo says almost a third of prices going in to the consumer price index. The CPI at the moment are guesses based on other data collections in the CPI. So the way we're even determining inflation right now is guesswork. And when it comes from the Trump regime, I'm willing to, I'm willing to guess that they are putting incorrect data into the inflation data that we're getting on a month to month, quarter to quarter basis. And one of the things they went after were the data collectors right away.


When you go into the supermarket, when you go into a store, are you seeing lower prices or are you seeing higher prices? Because I'm seeing higher, it's pretty clear to me what I am observing. Also, you have outside of one month in COVID, we now see the 20, this 29 point drop in business conditions is the largest in 10 years. And meanwhile, you have China. China trying to assert itself as the world leader saying Israel should cease fire in Iran conflict as soon as possible to prevent the situation from escalating. Xi Jinping and Putin spoke on Thursday, and they're presenting a united front in the world in messaging the Israel Iran crisis.


They're the ones now out there calling for a ceasefire and saying that that, that the US needs to tone down its rhetoric. Just think about that. Y what's happened in the past 48 hours? You have the European Union meeting with Iranian officials in Switzerland. No us, right? And then you have Putin and Xi Jinping meeting, and they're the ones talking about there should be a ceasefire in the region. And Donald Trump is making Q Anon post. The Hunter has become the hunted photos of former President Obama. This is as utterly as pathetic as you get. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million.


The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.