
Attention taxpayers, the IRS's intensifying collections in 2025. If you owe $10,000 or more, or have unfiled tax returns, it's time to take action. Tax network. USA's, experienced lawyers have saved clients over a billion dollars. They're ready to negotiate with the IRS on your behalf. Don't risk wage garnishment, property seizure, or losing your home. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 today. Get the help you need at 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com.


Donald Trump's advisors are now publicly admitting there will not be a P steal in Ukraine anytime soon. Another broken promise by Donald Trump. Donald Trump said that he would ensure a peace deal in Ukraine within 24 hours after the election. That did not happen. If you want to try to say that Donald Trump meant 24 hours after the inauguration, that is not going to happen. If you've been watching our coverage here on the Midas Touch Network, we've been following this. We've talked about how Vladimir Putin said that the only deal he would agree to in Ukraine would be a total surrender and capitulation by Ukraine.


And Putin would want Donald Trump to come begging for a deal as well. And it would have to be total capitulation and surrender. We reported last week how a meeting between Donald Trump's special envoy to Ukraine and Ukraine's foreign Minister was abruptly canceled. And I was explaining the reason was because there were not the conditions for a deal and it would've been embarrassing and humiliating. So now over the weekend, we've heard from both Donald Trump's special envoy to Ukraine. Keith Kellogg, who by the way, is a serious guy as well as Donald Trump, soon to be National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz.


And both of them say no deal anytime soon. So first I want you to hear this in in their own words so you can hear it for yourself. That Donald Trump broke the promise. Remember what Trump said, Trump said when he was asked, well, how are you gonna do this peace deal in 24 hours? Trump said, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go to Putin and I'm gonna say, you gotta do this and I'm gonna go to Zelinsky and say, you gotta do this. And then I know how to do deals. So a deal's gonna happen. That's not going to happen. So Keith Kellogg, a former Lieutenant General, he's in the United States Army. He fought in the Vietnam War. He also fought in the Gulf War. Again, serious guy right here.


Also served as an acting national security advisor when Mike Flynn resigned. So here is Keith Kellogg on his interview with Fox saying, maybe a hundred days we can have the conditions for a deal. So let me get this straight. It went from 24 hours to 2,400 hours for there to be conditions to maybe start conversation here, let me show you this clip of Keith Kellogg. Let's play it. What we're do, we'll set the conditions for the president and then he'll eventually get to a position where we'll be talking to President Putin and also a Prime Minister, Zel, president Zelensky as well.


And I think they're gonna come to a, a, a, a solvable solution in the near term. And when I say by the near term, you know, I would like to set a goal on a personal level and professional level. I would say let's edit it at a hundred days and move our way back and figure a way we can do this in the, in the near term to make sure that this solution is solid, it's sustainable, and that this war ends to, to, and so that we stop the carnage. And I think that's gonna be very important to do. It's gonna be important for our national security. It's a part of our vital natural interest. And it's also good for Europe as well, and the globe as well as to as well. Alright, General, now let me show you National Security Advisor or soon to be National Security Advisor to Trump.


Mike Waltz here. He also says, ah, you know, we, we need to formulate the conditions and we'll be able to figure this all out and, you know, uses a bunch of word salad. In other words, they are nowhere near any type of deal in Ukraine here. Watch this Like Trump and of course had said that he could have the war ended even before he took office. I assume that's not gonna happen. We're just eight days away from him being sworn in. What is the realistic timeframe for at least a ceasefire in Ukraine? What do you think? What, what's the goal? Well, we would like to see a ceasefire in any minute, any day. I think that would be a pos an incredibly positive first step on both sides.


And that would then allow us to enter into the framework of some type of negotiated solution here. Everybody knows that this has to end somehow diplomatically. I just don't think it's realistic to say we're going to expel every Russian from every inch of Ukrainian soil. Even Crimea, president Trump has acknowledged that reality. And I think it's been a huge step forward that the entire world is acknowledging that reality. But now I wanna show you the tactic that they both use as well. Remember what I've been saying? WMD weapon of mass distraction. Here's the fake because it's an obvious lie, a lie that Donald Trump promised to voters as one of the reasons they should vote for him, right?


You know what we call that in, in common English. We call that fraud. We call it fraud. But now here's the, here's their maneuver and here's what they're depending on us to do that we're gonna be distracted by O'Donnell. Trump's gonna invade Greenland and Canada and Panama. We should take that seriously. We should take it seriously, but we should also not focus so much on the fact, well, we should not get distracted from the fact about Trump's lies. So let me show you what then they do. Just so you see the, the scheme here, this is what Trump's future NSA head of NSA Mike Waltz does as well. I think Greenland puts us in an interesting position if we take over Greenland and we'll have to see, they may want to be independent here.


Watch this Out of the box. He's trying to engage and he is putting the United States in a position of global leadership. So when you look at it historically, there's a lot of things he is saying is very, very accurate historically, and it makes a lot of sense internationally, what it looks like for the future. You know, when it comes to Panama, I was an assault brigade commander during, just cause the invasion of Panama. We actually did take the Panama Canal back in the late eighties during operation just cause, and three weeks later we gave it back to him. So we've taken it before. It's happened before. And, and I think his point about the Chinese running the canal is a good point because over 70% of the commerce that goes through the Panama, Panama Canal is in fact American.


So it is in our vital interest, in our vital natural interest that that canal stays sovereign.


Are you ready to jumpstart your health in 2025? Well, let me tell you about a game changing tool that's been helping me understand and improve my body. It's called Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach designed to give you insights into your metabolism like never before with just a breath. It measures whether your body is burning fats or carbs. And the app provides tailored guidance to optimize your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and even stress management. Here's how it works. Every morning you breathe into lumen and it tells you what's happening with your metabolism. From there, it gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day so you can fuel your body the right way. You could even use it before and after workouts or meals to get real time insights into how your body is responding and adjust your habits accordingly. It's super cool. Your metabolism is the engine that powers your body. It's how you turn the food you eat into the energy you need. That's why optimizing your metabolic health can have such wide reaching benefits, easier weight management, more energy, better fitness results, improve sleep and more. And for those navigating hormonal changes, lumen even adjusts its recommendations to help you maintain a healthy metabolism through life's natural shifts. I've been using Lumen to better understand my body and the results have been eye-opening. Knowing whether I'm burning fat or carbs has helped me to make smarter choices about what I eat. And when I exercise, it's not about the quick fixes, it's about making informed decisions that align with my goals and lifestyle. Take the next step in improving your health. Go to lumen.me/midas to get 20% off your Lumen. That's LUME n.me/me IDAs for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode and helping us all take control of our health in 2025.


And I wanna show you this other clip too from Keith Kellogg. I found this odd in the interview. And here Keith Kellogg is asked about, you know, Donald Trump gave a press conference recently where Trump said how Vladimir Putin wants to meet with him and that Trump was getting gonna gonna meet with Putin. Hey Kellogg, what do you think about that? I want you to watch what Keith Kellogg says here. Let's play. You know, I don't want to divulge anything that the president says or doesn't say because he speaks for himself. I do not speak for him. We've had an opportunity to talk about it. And we'll have more after the 20th of January when he is officially the president, not president-elect.


Interesting thing for the special envoy whose job is to speak on behalf of the administration regarding a discreet area, that area here being Ukraine and Russia's unlawful invasion. And you hear what Kellogg said, he goes, I I don't speak for Trump. Trump speaks for him. So I I I was just hearing that. Also, I want you to watch some of the rifts that I think will develop early between Kellogg and Trump. 'cause what we've seen before are people who are like Kellogg, who don't make it very long in Trump administrations when Trump pulls crap like this.


'cause what Trump will do is he'll undermine the negotiations by Kellogg. Kellogg knows you're not in a position of power. If you brag about Vladimir Putin inviting you to meet, and you go there with your hands out begging Vladimir Putin for a deal, that doesn't put you in a strong negotiating posture. It doesn't put you in a strong negotiation posture. In fact, as I teach my law students and my undergrad students, when I teach negotiation, the worst thing you can do as a negotiator is impose arbitrary timelines and deadlines on yourself in a negotiation. And allow your adversary to know that because you give up a major part of the negotiation power, which is time and your utilization of time.


But that's precisely what Donald Trump does over and over again. And I'll leave you with this clip right here. This was a man at a Trump rally. He's asked by one of these right-wing propaganda networks, if he believes Donald Trump will end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours, watch this And that. President Trump often says that he can solve this problem in a matter of time instead of just throwing money at it. Absolutely. Yeah. He has a plan. He's, he knows those people. He's dealt with them when he was president. Okay? But then they move on to Greenland Canada. Oh, who, who are we mad at?


New Scum. Who are we mad at? Who, what, what, what's he tweeting today? What's he posting today? That's you keep the base in a, a constant rage. That's what Trump and these Magnus do. They go, oh, you should get mad at the transgender volleyball player. We mad there. Oh, wait a minute. You thought we were actually gonna lower prices? You thought we were actually gonna make housing more affordable? You thought that we were gonna do the things that we said, no. But aren't you mad about the transgender athletes in the NCAA? There's about 10 of 'em out of 510,000. Should we bully the transgender folk who are playing, should, we, should, should, should that what we do? Should that be what we do?


And let's bully some new marginalized community today, which is just absolutely horrific. It's all part of their WMD, their weapon of mass distraction. Folks. Focus, focus on what's going on here. Okay, well hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.