
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, M resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker Dot com.


When I say that Donald Trump is a felon, a fraud, and a sexual abuser, it's because he's those things. He's also a er, he's a destroyer, not a builder. And so when you see Donald Trump make a post like he did last night saying that great progress was made in the trade talks with China, we're gonna do a total reset in our economic relations with China. This is going to be great. Trump is a con artist. Now look, I hope that our economy can do great, but Trump, you wrecked it. You declared a trade war against the world. You have been saying that tariffs are the greatest thing ever.


Then why are you negotiating to remove the tariffs? If you're saying the tariffs are the greatest thing ever, you have your treasury secretary saying, this is all part of the, this is a direct quote, crazy Ivan strategy where Donald Trump injects strategic uncertainty into the markets. And then we try to make deals in periods of strategic uncertainty, which is no, it's just Donald Trump waking up, posting deranged and demented things and screwing over main street and then manipulating the markets and helping his billionaire and oligarch friends while we, the people don't even know if our small businesses and medium-sized businesses are going to be able to survive because we don't get the special exemptions that, you know, apple and all of Donald and Bezos and all of these people get.


So here's what Donald Trump posted last night after the first day of discussions between China and the United States over Donald Trump's trade war against China and the world. America has 145% tariffs against China. China has similar tariffs against the United States. There's an effective trade embargo. Shipments are not coming into our ports anymore. We're about to run out of goods and products that are not gonna be on these shelves. And so here's what Donald Trump posts. He goes a very good meeting today with China in Switzerland. Many things discussed, much agreed to, a total reset negotiated in a friendly but constructive matter.


We want to see for the good of both China and the US an opening up of China to American business, great progress made exclamation point. You know, it's almost like the arsonist showing up at the scene of the fire and basically saying, look, I'm going to try to put this all out. Let me be the hero. A total reset of the fire that was created. You made the mess. And then when Donald Trump uses language, like a total reset negotiated, and again, Donald, aren't you saying that tariffs are the greatest things? So if tariffs are the greatest thing in the world, and we're getting super rich with 145% tariffs on China, and as you said in press conference after press conference, you think it's a great thing that ships aren't coming into our ports, then why are you trying to negotiate deals that are gonna remove the tariffs and reset that?


Shouldn't you be celebrating how rich we are? No, because it's all a scam. It's all a fraud. It's to help Donald Trump's rich, billionaire, oligarch friends, and all we should be talking about, whether you're a Democrat or whatever, as human beings, what we should be talking about is allowing people who work hard to live in a freaking home, to allow people who work hard to just have one job and get wages where they are paid, where dignity, and they're not living paycheck to paycheck where they can have healthcare, where they can have a good education, where they're not gonna be disrespected and defamed by oligarchs like Elon Musk who says that I'm firing you because you're not doing a good job for performance reasons when you are working your ass off.


I wanna make sure we're protecting our veterans who sacrifice for our country not firing them and treating them like crap. And I don't wanna ever see people punch down at marginalized communities and gut essential services that help and keep people alive. I can tell a myriad of stories of what the Trump regime is doing. I could give you one example where they're eliminating research in a Cornell that is aimed to help babies who have heart disease, you know, right out the womb. And this could save their lives. They're like destroying programs like that. I can tell you how the Trump regime is getting rid of $2 billion in mental health programs at schools when the MAGA Republicans blame all these school shootings in the United States on mental health issues.


I could tell you about how the Trump regime wants to eliminate all section eight housing. They're getting rid of what, $25 billion from HUD and, and what's gonna make the homeless problem here worse? And, and you know, and, and you're just great progress. Total reset. You created the problem. You freaking fraud, you felon, you sexual abuser, you created the problem. You know? And his words are so cheap other than to manipulate the markets for his oligarch friend. Remember earlier in the day yesterday when he said, after a long night of talks mediated by the United States, I'm pleased to announce that India and Pakistan have agreed to a full and immediate ceasefire.


And then like moments later, they started attacking each other again. And then people said the United States had nothing to do with this. And, and now you have Pakistan like, you know, again, you know, looking into like their nuclear committees meeting you have, you know, things are escalating and, and so, you know, the talk is cheap. The talk is usually fraud from this guy. And, and they, but they move the markets, they make things volatile. And even if you remove the tariffs, what now corporate media is supposed to praise you and say, oh, this is such a brilliant deal. He did. You caused the problem. What are we even talking about here, folks, I want you to take a look at this here as well, just so you see how cheap his words are.


He posts this 99% approval, is what he's saying his approval rating is. And what he's citing is a cpac, one of these right wing convention balls right here. And then you take a look at the Y axi where it says that he has a 99% approval, the y axis goes up to 120%. So I don't know, I think someone said this, I don't know what's more comical here. Him saying his approval rating is greater than Kim Jong-un's in North Korea, or that the Y axis goes to 120%. And just to see the other things that Donald Trump is posting, he's posting attacks on New York Attorney General Letitia James, like from hashtag me too crusader to cover up Letitia James silence, I mean attacking her.


Let, let's go into what the actual facts are to see who actually has the cards in these negotiations between China and the us. China saw the US tariffs coming as Robin Brooks rights. China's trade surplus with the US collapsed in April, 2025. But its surplus with other countries began rising in January, 2025, which more than up, which more than offsets the fall, US tariffs trapped a wall of goods in China that need to get out. Those goods are definitely getting out to other places, just not getting out to the United States of America. And we were seeing how close we came to having no goods on the shelves. So we'll keep you posted on what's going on with these negotiations, but that's where we're at right now.


I mean, you also have Donald Trump posting things like this. Today, I signed an executive order to launch the first ever self deportation program. Illegal aliens who stay in America face punishments, including sudden deportation in a place and manner solely of our discretion. And he puts this in caps to all illegal aliens. Book your free flight right now. Let me be very clear. This statement is unlawful for a variety of reasons. When he says, including sudden deportation in a place in manner, solely in our discretion. That's Donald Trump saying basically that he wants to suspend habeas corpus. That there's no due process.


If they wanna send you to Libya, they'll send you to Libya. If they wanna send you to concentration camps in El Salvador, they'll send you to concentration camps in El Salvador. And by the way, to all the Venezuelans for Trump and Cubans for Trump and Latinos, for Trump, I thought you said that he was just going to be going after the criminals because it seems here, what he's saying is once he revokes your temporary protected status, which he's trying to do, he'll send you wherever the hell he wants to send you. And unless you self deport yourself. Now, I also want to talk about the incongruity of news that like the right wing's, getting the left wing's getting, 'cause I think this goes to a key point right here. So right now there's something called the Canadian Snowbird Act, which has been proposed in the US Congress.


It's actually one of the few things that are being proposed on a bipartisan basis. And it's congress, both Congress members and senators trying to reach out to Canadians in order to get Canadians to stay in the United States longer. We know Canadians have gone elbows up. They're not traveling to the United States anymore, and they're not buying by and large lots of American products. But on a bipartisan basis, people realize that Donald Trump's attack on Canada is not a good thing. But of course they don't want you to know this on right wing media. So there's not a single right wing media that's reported on that, which I think is an interesting data point as well.


I'll show you what right wing media is reporting on in a second, but


it's essential for me to get my research right. And one of the tools that I use is something called Ground News. It's essential nowadays to see through any double standards in the current media ecosphere. Here's what I want you to do. Go to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code. We're giving our viewers 40% off ground News's top tier vantage plan, which I use to do the research I'm doing right now, and it'll get you unlimited access to everything I use. And more Ground News is subscriber funded, so they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias. Subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep the media transparent. So go to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code and get that 40% off ground News's top tier vantage plan. And this, and what I use there is a feature called Blind spot where I find, what are they not talking about in the right wing ecosphere.


Now let's talk about what these MAGA Republicans are actually talking about on their right wing echo chambers. They have all these like MAGA Republican media people and members of Congress who keep on going to the concentration camps in El Salvador, which by the way, it's a violation of the Geneva Convention to parade yourself in front of a group of like, you know, prisoners like that in order to use them as props. But here you have Matt Gates and MAGA Republican Congress member Andy Ogles right there as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski calls it is this like MAGA porn hour? Like what the hell are they even doing there? And then you have Matt Gaetz bragging about the OAN exclusive first look.


And he goes, A trend day UA members in El Salvador, sea Cot prison. Look, at the end of the day, there's something called due process in the United States. You go through the process. If someone's involved in a crime, there's ramifications for the crimes. It, it's just that simple. If you don't believe in due process, then you don't believe in the United States system. Th that's what this is all about. It's not, it should not even be a debate that is taking place. Another fact about OAN as well, one of the things that state regime the Trump regime wants to do is to use the OAN feed as part of the international broadcasts that Kerry Lake wants to show to all of these other nations.


Take a look at what Trump's also been posting as well, attacking wind energy, how the global wind power industry is losing steam on January 20th, Trump's first day in office, he wasted no time delivering a death nail to the offshore wind industry. And again, why would you be celebrating giving a death nail to offshore wind industry or wind in general, which is supplying power to lots of places in America, creating lots of jobs. It's good energy. But Donald Trump has this bizarre and weird hatred for windmills. Going back to his experience in Scotland when he was building a golf course and didn't like the windmills near his golf course.


I mean, that's what this all kind of traces to his own psychosis right here. Last thing I want to point out as well, just so you see what the regime is actually focused on. The Pentagon Department of Defense Secretary Pete Heif, is focused on moving as many as 1000 openly identifying transgender service members out of the military. So any transgender people who were sacrificing their lives to fight for our country, they're getting fired right now. And if you don't self-report yourself as a transgender person in the next 30 days, there's other penalties for that. So, and also you have hsif purging anything relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion, ordering all military leaders commands and academies to review all books and get rid of them if they include anything that addresses racism or sexism.


So that's the status right now of the Trump regime. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching new Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more All at store. Job Midas Touch com.