
The NBA 82 game grind is done, and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or define the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


Imagine you're a business owner relying on a dozen different software programs. Each one disconnected, more expensive and more complicated than last. It can be incredibly stressful. Right now, picture odu ODU brings all the tools your business needs into one simple platform, CRM, accounting, inventory, manufacturing, marketing, HR, and more. All seamlessly connected. Everything works together, giving you the peace of mind that your business is running smoothly from every angle. Odus open source applications are user friendly and designed to scale with your business. Save you time and money. Say goodbye to juggling multiple platforms and hello to efficient integrated management. Stop wasting resources on complicated systems and make this switch to ODU today. Visit du.com OD o.com and discover how ODU can simplify and streamline your business operations. ODU Modern management made simple.


Well, here we go again. Donald Trump is getting mocked by the entire world for caving once again to Xi Jinping in China again showing that, guess what, Donald? You don't hold the cards. Usually someone who's out there saying, I hold the cards, you don't hold the cards. You often can call that a tell. You see some of these memes right here of Xi Jinping just laughing at Donald Trump and out maneuvering him. So yesterday Donald Trump held a press conference where he said the following, he said that the ultimate tariffs on China are gonna be nowhere near 145%. Who would ever put 145% tariffs?


That's too much. That's what you said. Donald Trump said, it's gonna come down substantially. It won't be zero, it's gonna be more than zero. But we will see. And then he goes, I think we're gonna be able to make a deal with China. This is after Donald Trump begged Xi Jinping in China to call and do something, but China held firm and didn't do anything at all. Also, Donald Trump, you know, he's seeing the bond market implode. He's seeing the 10 year treasury yields move closer to 5%, which is basically, I think, well technically 4.5% I think is Donald Trump's kind of pain point, but it could go higher. And so now he wants to announce all of these fake deals.


So one of the things that was announced is that they may have an agreement in principle with Japan on trade. It's an outline that they want to announce, but when you dig into the details, again, it's just completely bs and they're just once again, just making it all up. You know, if you looked at what went down earlier in the day yesterday, I think it was one of the most important things, and it seems like more market manipulation taking place where this is what was reported by Bloomberg that Scott Besant sees deescalation with China. Situation is now looking unsustainable. There was a private meeting that was hosted by JP Morgan Chase in Washington.


It was not open to the public or to the media, but Scott Besant was there and all of these hedge funds and private equity companies were there. Closed door meeting an investor summit where Scott Besson said, the standoff as it is with China right now is unsustainable. And he expects the situation to deescalate. So one of the things we noticed early in the morning, despite all of this bad market data out there, the market was trading up and was doing well. So it was like, what was driving that? Well, apparently there was a lot of insider information being exchanged during closed door sessions where Wall Street wins and Main Street gets absolutely screwed as inside information is being exchanged.


And then thereafter, you had Donald Trump hold this press conference in the afternoon, right? As markets had closed, saying, you know, I think that we want to maybe deescalate this with China once the insiders made a lot of their money after the market crashed. You see that kind of cycle repeat itself over and over again. Here's another meme that I saw. Listen up, president G, I'm sorry. You know there's a lot going on though, because Trump's volatility, what? What Trump's causing to the markets? It's having real world impact. Yesterday Intel announced that a plan to lay off more than 20% of its staff this week, Conoco Phillips plans major layoffs as part of its broad restructuring.


Then you take a look at what was happening with Tesla. Elon sounded extremely depressed on the earnings call yesterday after Tesla profits plunged 71% from this Gizmoto article. They explained how Musk's tone was noticeably downbeat. He didn't have the same carnival style salesmanship that often accompanies hit the public facing announcement for Tesla. He seemed very, very down, and there was a few accounting tricks that they did as well where they sold some of these regulatory credits, but, but for that, they would've actually lost money this quarter.


So Donald Trump in the Oval Office, lemme just share with you, this is the moment where he talked about how those 145% tariffs were too high, very, very high. He said, here, play this clip. Treasury Secretary suggested that tariff rate as high as they are now as effectively an margin trade between the United States and China. You see That? That true 145% is very high, and it won't be that high. It's not gonna be that high. It got up to there. We were talking about fentanyl, where, you know, various elements built it up to 145. No, it won't be anywhere near that high. What Level do you think it'll come down to? If you have, it'll Come down 6, 8, 3, but it won't be zero.


Used to be zero. We were just destroyed. China was taking us for a ride and just not gonna have, it's not gonna happen. We're gonna be very good to China, have a great relationship with President Xi, but they would make billions and billions and billions of dollars a year, and they would build their military out of the United States and what they made. So that won't happen, but they're gonna do very well, and I think they're gonna be happy, and I think we're gonna live together very happily and ideally work together. So I think it's gonna work out very well. But no, it's at 145% that will not be anywhere near that number.


Oh, you know, I had to do it. Mo four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using mobster like tactics to crush American family farms, and with the additives they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security. It's called mok, as I said at the beginning, Mok mok, the business is simple. Mo's meat comes from animals raised outdoors, where a pig is free to be a pig. Their farmers are given an honest day's, pay for an honest day's work, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices that you can actually afford. Born, raised, and harvested right here in the United States. Support American Family Farms and join the mok movement today at mok box.com/midas. Touch right now and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free, but for a limited time, here's how you spell it. M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's mok box.com/midas. Touch


one of the things that Donald Trump said also, and this is what, what's the expression when a clown enters the palace? They don't become royal. The palace becomes a circus or something like that. I always get the expression wrong, but I mean, here's Donald Trump now bragging. He says that he brought egg prices down 93 to 94% since the regime took office. It's the most ridiculous lie. What do you think eggs were? $84 a dozen. I mean, it's this 93 to 94%. And just some of the most stupid lies that they tell. And again, it's just this over and over again. Lie after lie after lie.


Here, play this clip. This Is, But if you remember my first week, I was standing here, Paul, and they were screaming about eggs. The cost of eggs have gone through the roof. They were up like 500 per it. Crazy, like four or five times. And we won't have eggs for Easter. They were saying, be no eggs. You can't order eggs. They wanted to sort plastic in the shape of eggs. Well, yesterday we had 48,000 people at the Easter Hunt. They call it the Easter roll at the White House. And we had all eggs. And as you know, the cost of eggs have has come down like 93, 90 4% since we took office. And they're pretty much normally priced now.


A great job. Our Secretary of Agriculture, Brooke Rollins, did a very good job. But groceries have come down. It's all coming down. The only thing that hasn't come down, but it hasn't gone up much. Our interest rates. And we think the Fed should lower the rate. We think that it's, it's a perfect time to lower the rate and would like to see our chairman be early or on time as opposed to late, late, late. Look, the Associated Press reporter that us egg prices increased to record highs this past week. Dashing hopes of cheap eggs by Easter. I mean, those are just the facts, you know? And the thing with this Trump regime also is, you know, the cruelty is the point.


You know, there's all these distractions taking place as they're just screwing over, you know, marginalized communities. Just screwing over workers, screwing over just regular folks, 4 0 1 Ks and pensions. You know, you know, just to give you an example, so they, they say they want to abolish the Department of Education to get rid of education, but they still want to use the Department of Education starting May 5th to do a massive wage garnishment of millions of people who defaulted on their student loans. So they're doing a large scale garnishment operation, but then gutting services like lunch and helping poor kids and helping out kids with disabilities through the Department of Education.


And then there's this also, so as RFK Junior who runs H-H-S-H-H-S, health and Human Services goes on. And he's been given all these speeches where he spreads lies about autism and vaccines. Just horrific stuff that he's saying. HHS is planning to cut the National Suicide Hotlines program for L-G-B-T-Q Youth in February. The program received an average of 2001 2100 contacts per day. So that's what they wanna focus on too. The federal government plans to eliminate services for the L-G-B-T-Q Youth who call 9 8 8 the National Suicide and Crisis Hotline. According to a Health and Human Services budget draft leaked last week.


The budget first reported by the Washington Post would go into effect October if approved by Congress. Since the hotlines launched in 2022, callers have been able to speak with counselors, trained to work with specific at-risk populations, including L-G-B-T-Q youth who are four times more likely to attempt suicide than their peers. The service for L-G-B-T-Q youth has received 1.3 million calls, texts, or chats since 2022. In February, the program received an average of 2100 contacts per day. I, it's just pure unadulterated cruelty as RFK Junior goes up and gives a press conference whining that his kids have food allergies and why do his kids have food allergies here play this clip.


We have all these autoimmune disease, these exotic diseases. And again, I never heard of juvenile diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, Crohn's disease, and a hundred others that were just unknown. When I was a kid, I never knew anybody with a peanut allergy. I never knew anybody with a food allergy. Why do five of my seven kids have allergies? I never knew of anybody who had eczema. I knew of a very small number of children who had asthma. But that has exploded as well today. Y you know, to me the purpose of government is to help people, to protect people, to uplift people.


And for the Trump regime, the purpose of government is to help one group billionaires in oligarchs and then to inflict pain and suffering on the rest of us. That's what their goal is. And so, you know, I think also these billionaire in oligarchs, it's just not enough for them to have one private jet or 10 private jets or 10 yachts. They also, to me, have a sick fetish of watching others suffer, you know, to compensate for whatever pathological, malignant, narcissistic what whatever. You know, as as Senator Bernie Sanders says, you know, there's, he's like, there's a, a, he calls like a, a mental illness of greed.


He almost calls it. But part of that is this, the enjoyment of suffering of other people. We have to recognize that. And we have to talk about housing, we have to talk about education, we have to talk about healthcare. We have to talk about making sure people can earn a living wage and they don't have to live paycheck to paycheck. And that they can afford to buy a house that you can afford to buy a house. You know, talking about health, talking about protecting, you know, your Medicare, your Medicaid, your social security. And we have to talk about those things. And you know, MAGA and right wing, they wanna distract us from all of those things. We won't be distracted here at the Midas Touch Network and we'll keep fighting for you. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch.


Drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.