
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 T's and C's apply.


Every Idea starts with a problem. Morby Parkers was simple. Glasses are too expensive. So they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I just wanna make sure I have this correct. Donald Trump is suing CBS in 60 minutes for $20 billion because he's claiming that back in October of 2024, they aired an interview of former Vice President Kamala Harris that had some edits in it, although the full interview was separately accessible. But then Donald Trump's interviews are always frequently heavily edited by Fox. And then when Donald Trump just did an interview this weekend with Kristen Welker of Meet the Press on NBC, massive portions of the interview were deleted and edited out from what ultimately aired to the public.


If you went on the NBC website, which our editorial team did, they did post the full interview there and some of the most damaging clips of Donald Trump were not aired publicly. So I want to get this straight. Can I become a billionaire now? Because Donald Trump sued CBS for $20 billion claiming that his injury, and by the way, Ronnie Jackson Magar, Republican Congress member from Amarillo, Texas was added to the lawsuit. So Donald Trump could forum shop to have the case heard in the Northern District of Texas before a judge that Donald Trump likes. They're alleging that they are consumers who were injured because it hurt their eyes as consumers to take in.


What they said was an edited interview of former Vice President Kamala Harris. They said $20 billion is the damage. Okay, so folks, $20 billion, maybe I'll buy us all yachts and jets or whatever, or whatever the oligarchs get, because 20, I think I've been injured $20 billion. What? What do you think? Well, we've got the footage here at the Midas Touch Network. Shall we look at what NBC deleted on Meet the Press? It was on their website, but it was not shown publicly on Meet the Press. Let's take a look, shall we? We did a whole report on this on Midas Plus dot com.


Subscribe to our substack and on midas news.com as well. What did they take out? Hmm? Maybe a reference to Jeff Bezos and how Donald Trump basically shook down Bezos. Bezos and Amazon. Were going to include the additional price of the goods and the goods being sold on Amazon that are now caused by the tariffs. There was gonna be a tariff line item why your products cost more money, but Donald Trump, who says that the foreign countries eat the tariffs, he goes, they eat it, they eat the tariffs. Okay, well if they're eating the tariffs, then why are you worried about Jeff Bezos and Amazon putting tariffs on the receipt of the consumer?


Well, anyway, this clip got edited out by NBC. I wonder why they edited this one out here, play this clip. What Did you say to Jeff Bezos? He's just a very nice guy. We have a relationship. I asked him about it. He said, well, I don't wanna do that. And he took it off immediately. So he changed course. And will you take that same tactic with other CEOs? If you Feel like I'll always people, if I disagree with them, You'll, If I, if I think that somebody's doing something that's incorrect, wrong, or maybe hurtful to the country, I'll call. Absolutely. Wouldn't you want me to call Biden wouldn't call because he didn't know what was happening. But I do. They edited that clip out.


$20 billion. Please, let me take your $20 billion. Okay folks, how many yachts should I buy with that? How many jets should I buy with with that? Okay, the next clip, NBC did not include on the broadcast to the public was when Donald Trump said that egg prices are down 87%. Then Kristen Welker, the host, tries to help Donald Trump and goes, look, Donald, we know that eggs were high because of, she like tries to give him the answer bird flu. That's why blame it on bird flu. Even though former President Biden never got the benefit of the doubt on anything.


And Kristen Welker and others would just destroy Biden on literally every issue. And by the way, when's the NBC story gonna run on? How cognitively declined Donald Trump looks If you have people in your life that you know who have dementia or suffer from cognitive issues. I'm not a doctor. I don't know what I'm observing with Donald Trump, but I can tell you that it certainly looks like people I know that do. So you tell me. But anyway, she tries to help him and goes, it was because of the bird flu. Now Donald Trump, whatever it is, he doesn't even understand. She's trying to help him. So he attacks her and he goes, why would you say that? Why would you say that we had the same bird flu as as he had.


She's trying to help him there. I wonder if that's why they cut this clip out from what was aired to the public here, play this clip. People, it didn't matter what they made because they were losing their shirt, because of course, now take a look at what happened. Oil is down, gasoline is down, groceries are down eggs. You were the one that asked me, you asked me about eggs. It was the first week. I didn't even know anything about what? What were you talking about? Egg prices were so high you couldn't buy eggs. They didn't have any eggs. And they said, Easter's gonna be a disaster. Well, we had Easter at the White House and we had thousands of eggs and they were down 87%. Yeah, A lot of that. Of course, spike was because of bird flu.


But when does it become the Trump Economy was, why do you say that? Well, Tell me, when Did I had the, we had the same bird flu as he had The next clip that they edited out on the NBC interview that the public didn't get to see unless you went to the NBC website. Not a lot of people do. That is when Donald Trump whines about the 2020 election. For a long time in this interview that all got cut. Donald Trump was saying the election was rigged. And Kristen Welker again tries to help him. And she goes, I don't wanna look back. Let's look forward Donald. I want to look back. It was rigged, it was unfair. She said, all right, Donald, let's move forward. It was rigged. I wonder why they deleted this clip here, play it.


You Know, my four years were phenomenal as you know, the stock market. In fact, even though we had to go through the covid thing, that horrible situation with Covid, we did numbers. And when I gave it over, when I handed it over, the election was rigged and I handed. And because of that, we have a lot of problems, by the way. But when I handed it over, what happened, the market was higher than it was previous to, just previous to Covid coming in. Yeah, nobody could believe it. The stock market I'm talking about, I don't wanna look back, but you, you did take your case to court about that. I gotta look back. You took, you took your case to court about your allegations against the, the election. Let me ask you sir. Sir, There's no question about the election was rigged.


The facts are in and it's still being litigated. Let's go. You did take your case to court more than 60 times. Didn't Sure, sure didn't win those cases. I won a lot of court cases. Just to button that up though, sir, just to button that up. What Are you talking about? The election. How worried are you? Are we talking about the Election? Let's about here and now. Let's talk about here now The election of 2020. Let's not talk about, let's talk about here and now. I think you get the point now of which clips they're deleting. And again, as a consumer, Donald Trump says he's a consumer and Ronnie Jackson. So I'm Ronnie Jackson's a consumer and they suffered serious emotional distress. That's why they're suing CBS for 20 billion in paramount. I don't know, are you distressed? I'm distressed.


20 billion. 20 billion. Seems about right. Thanks for creating that precedent for me, Donald. And then over here, Donald Trump, this is where he goes. What people don't understand is that the countries eat the tariffs. They eat the tariffs. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats, they're eating the tariffs apparently. Here play this clip. But what people don't understand is, and this is a lot, the country eats the tariff. The company eats the tariff and it's not passed along at all. I Don't, well, some CEOs are saying they're going to have to pass it on. So how do deal with those CEOs, but the company, how do you deal with those CEOs? China is eating the tariffs right now. What do you say to those CEOs who are saying, we might have to pass this on to the Consumer?


Well, they say that because maybe it's to their advantage to say it. Maybe they're Punish them. No, because you know what? I want them to build plants in the United States that way they don't have any tariffs. See, tariffs will, and not only will look at what's happened in two months, we're close to $9 trillion of investment. We've never been anywhere near that. Okay, Well if you wanna know my opinion, why NBC edited that out? Because if you take that clip with the Bezos clip, it shows that Donald Trump is the most generous thing you can say about Donald Trump is that either he's an idiot, he has major cognitive issues.


That's the, the nicest interpretation of immodestly, right? Because the alternative is that this is just an insane monster, which is, it's probably all of the above right here. So the countries are eating it, okay? But Bezos is putting it on 'cause the countries are eating it. And then you're calling Bezos to say Hide the tariffs. Huh? Doesn't this seem a little bit like, like a miracle? It's all gonna go away. Stop the testing, stop the testing. I've given this example before and it just bears repeating right now. I saw that movie, it was with the Leonardo DiCaprio and others.


It's called Don't Look Up. And the asteroid is about to hit the earth. And people see it coming. They see it coming. And then there's a whole movement of just don't look up, don't look up. Which to me is like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. Don't look at the ports, don't see that shipping has come to a complete halt in Seattle, in Long Beach, in Boston. Don't look up, don't see that the ships are all in Shanghai and and and Chinese ports. And they're not coming here. Don't look up. Don't see that this is having a disastrous impact systemically on our economy. And we know what the next several quarters are gonna look like. If we go down this path, don't look up.


I want to tell you to look up. See it. Let's look at it. Let's try to solve it. Let's try to fix it. The parallels there are uncanny. It almost feels like the current moment is a parody of don't look up.


What does the future hold for business? You ask nine experts, you get 10 different answers. Bull market, bear market will rates rise, will rates fall? Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions like we need to do at the Midas Touch Network with real time insights and forecasting. You're peering into the future with actionable data. And you know I love data. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time on what's next. That's why I use this and you should too. So whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to the immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Midas. Plus the guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash Midas Plus that's N-E-T-S-U-I-T e.com/ Midas Plus one more time go to NetSuite dot com slash Midas Plus thanks NetSuite.


Alright, let me just show you what Donald Trump's lawsuit's all about. 'cause you may go Ben. He's saying that he's a consumer who suffered $20 billion of damages. Him and Ronnie Jackson for what they observed with. They said the former Vice President Kamala Harris interview being edited by the way they like took out and CBS took out like some ums or ahs when it was, look, it was probably like 45 seconds where Kamala Harris wasn't bad. She was just like a little bit non-responsive to the question and it just slowed down the answer. So they put it on the full one and they like removed it. There was nothing substantive that drastically or that even materially changed any of the answers here.


Just take a look at the lawsuit. This is the amended complaint filed February 7th, 2025. And then this is how it's written in plain English. Freedom carries with it responsibility even for the press. Freedom of the press is not freedom from responsibility for its exercise. Then it says Paramount and CBS disagree. They believe in unbounded freedom to harm media content competitors, including President Trump by misrepresenting the nature characteristics and qualities of their broadcast and digital services deceive consumers including plaintiffs Donald Trump and Ronnie Jackson through advertisement and commercial promotion of substantially distorted broadcast and digital media content masquerading as news C freely disseminate such substantially distorted broadcast and digital media content to the detriment of competitors and consumers D brand, their distorted broadcast and digital media content as legitimately edited news, all for profit without any level of responsibility commensurate with their influence over the American public.


That's what this lawsuit is about. Then it says in October, 2024, one month before Trump's landslide victory, it wasn't a landslide. Defendants consistent with their modus operandi of advertising and disseminating false election related content for commercial benefit advertised and promoted their CBS News 60 Minutes election special show, which was to air in prime time on Monday, October 7th, 2024. And feature interviews with then candidate Harris and her running mate, Minnesota Governor Walls. By the way, Trump was too chicken shit, excuse my language to even do the interview. Trump refused to interview at 60 minutes because he was too afraid.


Remember the 20, 20 60 minutes interview with Leslie Stall where Donald Trump brought a fake binder with blank pages and claimed it was his healthcare plan. And then she asked to take a look at it and it was all blank pages and Donald Trump just walked off and said, you're just being nasty to me. He was too scared to do it. She, Kamala Harris did the interview and then you go through it and, and like you're trying to take a look like, what the hell is this lawsuit even about? And like randomly has photos of Trump's art of the deal and then it goes as an initial matter, the unedited transcript revealed that the advertised Harris reply and the manipulated Harris reply were, were both part of a single answer mangled beyond recognition by defendants tampering.


I I just wanna show you what the whole lawsuit's based on. I'm reading Trump's lawsuit. So the bold portion aired on Face the Nation on October 6th, 2024. The underlying portion aired during election special on October 7th, 2024. The remainder is unused. Okay? So this is what the lawsuit's about. Everything is in this paragraph and Trump says that if you were to see this entire paragraph, that would've changed what you won the election Whitaker from 60 Minutes. We supply Israel with billions of dollars in military aid. And yet Prime Minister Netanyahu seems to be charting his own course. The Biden Harrison administration has pressed him to agree to ceasefire.


He's resisted. You urged him not to go into Lebanon. He went in any way. Does the US have no sway over Prime Minister Netanyahu Harris? The work that we do diplomatically with the leadership of Israel is an ongoing pursuit around making clear our principles Whitaker. But it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. Harris Well, bill, the work that we have done has resulted in a number of movements in that region by Israel that were very much prompted by a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region. And we're not going to stop doing that. We are not going to stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end.


So what Donald Trump's saying is that entire thing that I just read should have all been just like that. But because it was a little bit sliced and and, and diced and not all of that was in there. That's his injury. That's his damage. I'm reading you from his lawsuit. Page 63. That's the claim for $20 billion in injury. So if you take that and then you take a look at what I just said was edited by NBC, maybe, maybe it's 1 trillion, maybe my lawsuit should be for 1 trillion gazillion dollars. I mean at at this point folks, there's the Turkish proverb, and I've heard this in other cultures as well, which is when you bring the clown into the palace, the palace doesn't make the clown a king.


The palace becomes a circus. No offense to clowns and circuses, real professions and circuses can be enjoy enjoyable. Not in politics though, and not with fascist clowns. Fascist circuses. That's what's happening here. What are we talking about? What are we, this is an addition to be a Democrat, republican, independent, political, what are we talking about people? Well, there you have it. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. And let's get to what 5 million subscribers together. Can we get there in May? Let's get to 5 million subscribers and check out Midas Plus dot com. Can't Get enough Midas Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.