
The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC. Dunk it bucket, Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last. Texas tips and fees extra,


Maybe putting a felon, a fraud, a sexual predator in the Oval Office, and someone who led an insurrection against the country. Not a great idea. I would say I told you so, but most of you watching knew that. And for those who are now coming to your senses, well, we talk about data here on the Midas Touch Network. So why don't we take stock this morning, pun intended, of where we're at since Donald Trump declared Liberation Day, which is really self-inflicted. Great depression day, annihilation day, liquidation day.


So stocks have now lost over 15% in two trading days. About $10 trillion or more of market value just wiped away Bitcoin crashing. Didn't Donald Trump and all the Bitcoin bros say this guy's the Bitcoin president to the moon? Well, Bitcoin is crashing. Over the past few days, we saw 18 dead as significant. Severe weather flash floods were tearing through parts of the United States and Tennessee, and Arkansas, Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, and Florida. Bet you didn't hear Donald Trump talk about the 18 people who died over the past few days because of horrific storms.


Also, you haven't heard Donald Trump really mention the four US soldiers who died in Lithuania. Donald Trump was too busy to even greet the families and meet the bodies when it was returned, when the bodies were returned to the United States. But Lithuanians bid farewell to the four US soldiers who died during training exercise. They did an incredibly moving ceremony in Lithuania, but Donald Trump cannot be bothered. In fact, Donald Trump leaked to Fox, and I put this in quote news, which I call state regime media, that he doesn't give an F about how people feel about him anymore. He says, I don't give an F.


He says, I couldn't care less if people suffer, if prices rise. That's what Donald Trump's saying over the weekend. Rather than talk about people suffering, rather than talk about American troops who died overseas, Donald Trump posted videos and photos of himself golfing over and over again. He posted this hang tough, we can't lose. He posted this. This is actually a post from him. Trump is purposely crashing the market. That's what Donald Trump is posting from his official account.


I would say, can you imagine if Biden or Obama or, but you get the point. What are we even talking about here, folks? Donald Trump is posting from his official account that he's purposefully crashing the markets. We have a demented individual in the Oval Office, and as I said at the outset of the video, this is a felon for business records fraud. This is a fraud. Someone who was found civilly liable for falsifying valuations in a very detailed order, spelling out that this guy lies about the valuations of his properties.


This is a sexual predator someone found liable for sexual assault by a jury. This is someone found liable for defamation. I mean, what? We're not supposed to talk about that we're supposed to just ignore that the way corporate news wants to ignore the growing protests across the country. But guess what? You can't ignore it. We ain't gonna ignore it. Here at the Midas Touch Network, now that we're the biggest news network and get the most views in the country and the world to highlight this story as well, what's Trump focused on while all of this is happening? You know what Trump is focused on? He is preparing a massive military parade that probably will cost hundreds of millions of dollars in Washington DC set for June 14th.


He's preparing a massive military parade where he wants to bring out tanks and weapons and fly jets overhead as Americans are suffering. So to recap, Donald Trump is posting videos and photos of himself golfing, and he's planning Kim Jong-un style military parades through Washington DC on June 14th, seven months ago. This was the headline, seven months ago. This was the headline. Dow sets a record as Wall Street Gears for cuts to interest rates. Yep. Remember when under former President Biden, we would hear on Fridays, the Dow drones set a new record.


Today, the s and p said, a new record today. What? The markets were up 50 to 60% or so under former President Biden. But remember how upset Fox was when they had to report on the job numbers? Well, the reports came out, but it's a little underwhelming even though it's a record, even though the market is up 50% since when Biden took office, it's a little underwhelming. We, they would, or they would get angry when they had to report the good data. Under former President Biden, 16.2 million jobs were created. Unemployment was at record lows. Every single month was a month of job creation. There were 40,000 infrastructure projects that were going up in the United States under former President Biden.


We were energy independent. Our GDP was leading the world. We were number one in every world economic category, and our alliances were stronger than ever. NATO brought in new members to stand up to Russia's aggression. We were strong on the domestic front, on the foreign front, and all we heard from corporate news and magar Republican in influencers and right wing propaganda media was attack after attack, after attack. Well, here are some facts, some data, some objective information right now. Here are the markets that hit circuit breakers today, meaning they shut down because they were tanking so fast.


China, Taiwan, Japan, the Russell Futures, Australia's Singapore. As we wake up today, markets shut down because they're tanking and they hit a point where the markets literally have to shut down. The question is, will America's markets hit that today? Are we heading there today? Like those other markets? By the way, if the s and p today falls more than 4%, it will be the first time it's done this since the Great Depression. Since the Great Depression right now, as Spencer Hakimian also writes, if the market open right now, the Nasdaq would be down 29% since February 19th.


The second fastest 30% drop in history. But folks, the oligarchs are feasting. The oligarchs are happy. Take a look. Mark Zuckerberg bought a $23 million mansion to be right next to Donald Trump. Cool Zuckerberg author, the Man, you gonna do your juujitsu? You gonna do your Juujitsu Zuckerberg? Ridiculous. Ridiculous. Here was Donald Trump flying back on Air Force One when he was asked about, by the way, this Bloomberg reporter is, she's amazing, this Bloomberg reporter, and she was the one who was speaking to Scott Besson.


So Trump's asked about the markets and Trump says to the people, really? He's like, I don't care. You gotta take your medicine. Americans just deal with it. Take your medicine. It's like a stupid question. Americans need to eat their medicine right now, and I'm feeding them their medicine here. Play this clip. Frankly In the world, Mr. President, there is what it should be. Is there a Trump put though? Are you, is there a mark? Is there pain in the market? At some point you're unwilling to tolerate this idea of a Trump put. Is there a threshold? I, I Think your question is so stupid. I mean, I Think it's a, I don't want anything to go down, but sometimes you have to take medicine to fix something and we have such a, a horrible, we have been treated so badly by other countries because we had stupid leadership that allowed this to happen.


They then Donald Trump bragged about his golf game and said he had a very low handicap President. Any questions? How Was the golf tournament? Very good. 'cause I won. It's good to win. You heard I won, right? Did you hear? I won. Just to back it up over there. I won. What's your handicap these days? I, I like to wear very low. I have a very low handicap. Okay, let's go Sir. Chinese foreign. Back up a little bit. Sure. The Chinese foreign Ministry said that the market Has spoke. Then Donald Trump sent his treasury Secretary Scott Scent. Scott Scent was asked on Meet the Press about what do you say to people who are retiring right now, we're about to retire, who have lost their life savings?


What's your message to them? Scott Besant. Now, Scott Besant is almost a billionaire. He's worth over $500 million and Besant used to live in a pink pa, a pink mansion that looked like Barbie's dream house. He called it his Pink Palace in Charleston, South Carolina. And here Scott Bestin says, I don't think Americans are gonna be worried. He goes, I Think Amer, you know, he does it with this like arrogance. I Think Americans have all this money saved up. I don't think Americans are gonna care at all. So, I'm sorry. I don't know what to tell him. I Think they'll be, I Think they're fine here. Play this clip. President Trump promised that he was going to improve the economy. Starting on day one. He said, prices are gonna come down more than 160 million Americans.


Mr. Secretary, as you know, are invested in the market. Many of them have spent their lives saving for their retirement. What is your message to Americans who want to retire right now and who've just seen their lifetime savings drop significantly? Well, C I Think that's a false narrative. Americans who want to retire right now, the Americans who have put away for years in their savings account, I, I Think the don't look at the day-to-day fluctuations of what's happening. And you know, in fact, most Americans don't have everything in the market. Most Americans in a 401k have what's called a 60 40 account that is 60 or 40 accounts.


They are down fi five or 6% on the year. People have a long-term view. They have a program that the reason the stock market is considered a good investment is because it's a long-term investment. If you look day to day, week to week, it's very risky over the long-term. It's a good investment. P that's my Scott Bestin impression right there. Not sure if it's offensive or a good impression or a bad impression, but that's my best impression. How horrific. How out of touch are you? Right? These are the same MAGA Republicans who tell us, look, you're gonna feel pain, but we, but we told you we campaigned on pain and suffering. No, you didn't. You said on day one you were going to lower prices.


Even though former President Biden had inflation going down to 2%, thanks to the inflation reduction Act, interest rates were being cut under former President Biden. If Y all idiots literally just did nothing. Like if you literally just had a cardboard cut out of Donald Trump in the Oval Office and let this demented perverted weirdo go and play golf, and you literally did nothing. GDP would've grown about 4% for the first quarter instead of taking it like you're doing and causing a global recession, if not a great depression. I self-inflicted one right now. Y'all said lower prices housing, more affordable peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. No tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime.


Y'all lied about it all. Y'all are liars, and now you are a rug Pull Ponzi scheme presidency, where it's like, Ooh, you want your Doge rebate check. Maybe I'll give you your Doge rebate check, or you want me to make you rich. Elon and Donald are gonna go to Fort Knox. Maybe we'll find some gold. Welcome to Shotgun Falls. We'll find you some gold out there. What do you think? People are so freaking dumb. I Think everybody in America has MAGA mush brain. You idiots. What are you even talking about? These people who wanna share this story with you, use our platform to uplift it as well. A mother and her three children were snatched by ice from a dairy farm in Sackets Harbor, a rural town in northern New York.


But the location is no coincidence. Tom Holman. Trump's borders are lives there. He allowed his own neighbors, including a third grader, to be jailed deplorable. As Betty Assan says, our fascist government put a third grader in handcuffs. I wanna read this from you, the principal Sackets Harbor, Jamie Cook. Here's what Jamie Cook message from the Sackets Harbor Principle as the principal of these students. I need to speak plainly. Our three students who are taken by ice, we're doing everything right. They had declared themselves to immigration judges attended court on their assigned dates and were following the legal process.


They are not criminals. They have no ties to any criminal activity. They are loved in their classrooms. Their family has worked at the nearby old McDonald's petting zoo and dairy farm for 15 years. They lived in a house on the same road as a home ice had a warrant for the fact that ice went door to door is unfathomable. The fact that our students were handcuffed and put into the same van as the alleged criminal from down the street is unconscionable. When I Think of my third graders experience, my stomach twists and it is hard to breathe. We are in shock and it is that shared shock that has unified our community.


In the call for our students release, we are in direct communication with our students. Let me be clear. They are not being medically evaluated. They are not being questioned as potential victims. Calling a detention center by another name does not change what it is. We deserve better than spin and misinformation. My teachers and my students are already hurting. Please think about how long every hour feels for a third grader in a detention center. The wait had already been too long a week ago. I have no other agenda. Please release my students and their mother back to our community. As Rick Perton says, do not look away.


Do not look away. The protests are growing. The resistance will not be televised. It will be here on the Midas Touch Network.


That's why you need to check out midas plus.com where we're covering all of the protests. It is subscribe here to this YouTube channel as well, where we're covering the protests. We're covering all of these updates. Now that we have the biggest news platform in the country, we will be using it exactly how Corporate News did not want us to use it, how they refuse to use it. We're gonna cover all those protests. We're gonna cover the Rising Resistance. We're gonna do it truthfully. We're gonna do it relentlessly. We're going to do it fearlessly. Please subscribe right now to this YouTube channel. We appreciate you. Shout out Midas Mighty Can't Get Enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.