
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Representative Gates paid my client, both of my clients for sexual favors throughout the summer of 2017, all the way to the beginning of 2019. And how did he, how did he pay them? Those Were, were primarily through Venmo and PayPal payments. There was one payment through Representative Gates adopted son through his PayPal, Nestor. That's right. The adapt, the adapted son payments would come there too. Donald Trump's cabinet picks are crashing and burning, and we saw just in the past 12 hours or so, the nomination of Matt Gaetz is a massive dumpster fire. I mean. Look, we've heard now from the lawyer of many of these victims, frankly, you should call 'em children who Matt Gaetz exploited.


The lawyer's name is Joel Leopard. He was on CNN and spoke to other media as well about Matt Gaetz's predatory behavior. Matt Gaetz Donald Trump nominated to be the Attorney General, knowing he was under ethics investigation by the House of Representatives for engaging in underage sex. In other words, raping underage girls and obstruction of justice as well as significant drug abuse. All of that was known to Donald Trump, but he still nominated Matt Gaetz. And now we're hearing from the lawyer of some of these girls who were girls at the time and talking about how Matt Gaetz flew them to New York so they could hang out around the Fox Studios, horrific while Matt Gaetz was there so he could show off in front of them in 20 17, 20 18 time period.


Also, we're learning that, and you heard it there in that first audio clip that we played, that started this video that Nestor purportedly the adopted son of Matt Gaetz, was being utilized by Matt Gaetz to pay off the children who Gates was having sex with is what's alleged using Nestor Nestor's Venmo. Nestor's phone was being utilized to coordinate and communicate with underage girls. Let me just play that clip one more time. Here it is. This is Joel Leopard, the lawyer here.


Here's the full clip. Let's play It. Representative Gates paid my client, both of my clients for sexual favors throughout the summer of 2017, all the way to the beginning of 2019. And how did he, how did he pay them? Those were Primarily through Venmo and PayPal payments. There was one payment through Representative Gate's adopted son through his PayPal, Nestor. That's right. The adopted, the adopted son payments would come there too. Now, senators on Capitol Hill are reacting to this as well. This is Senator Kevin Kramer from North Dakota right here who says that the, the Judiciary Committee needs to see these ethics reports about Matt Gaetz, that they need to hear it here, play this clip.


You want to see it? Oh, I, I do. But more importantly, I want the Judiciary Committee to be able to see it prior to the hearings. And then after that, depending on what happens, then of course it could be released to, to the, to the other members that are gonna at some point have a vote. So that's been my, my main point is that you have to, you know, determine whether or not the cost of getting him across the finish line is worth it, much less the possibility that he won't get across the finish line. But if CNN had a guest on, and, and, and listen to this guest who talks about how he says that Madison Hawthorn, the MAGA Republican who was talking about how the other MAGA would have like sex orgies who were working, who were part of the MAGA movement and other Republicans, listen to what this guest has to say.


play the clip. All I'm gonna say is somebody owes Madison Cawthorne an apology. 'cause y'all ran him outta town. He tried to tell y'all about these sex parties, but nobody wanted to believe him. And I'm not making a lot of this situation, but I remember when I heard the craziness coming from Madison Cawthorne, I was like, now that don't seem quite right. But then hearing it confirmed today, I'm like, he was right all along and nobody wanted to listen.


Are you looking for something simple and delicious to add to your wellness routine? Here's the thing. I used to put regular honey into a lot of my foods breakfast tea protein, but then I was introduced to Mana Quora and Manacor puts that regular honey to shame. I love the flavor, richness, creaminess, and all the health benefits manacor honey brings to the table. The best way to use Manco is straight from the spoon, first thing in the morning, letting the creamy texture melt in your mouth and coat your throat. Manacor honey is rich, creamy, and the most delicious honey you've ever had. It's ethically produced by Manacos Master Beekeepers in the remote forests of New Zealand. Manacor honey contains powerful nutrients to support immunity and gut health. The bees collect the nectar from the Manuka tea tree in New Zealand. The nectar is packed with bioactives and the honey that is produced has three times more antioxidants and prebiotics than your average honey. A special bacterial compound called MGO also comes from the nectar of the tea tree. Manukora third party tests every single harvest for MGO and makes these results available through their QR system. It's a game changer, and all you need is one heap to teaspoon each morning. To get the most outta the amazing bioactives in Manuka additional usage throughout the day is completely fine, especially helping to cut out other sweeteners. It's a honey with superpowers. Now it's easier than ever to try Manacor honey. Head to manacor.com/midas to get $25 off the starter kit, which comes with an MGO eight 50 plus Manuka honey jar. Five honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon and a guidebook. That's Manukora dot com slash me IDAs.


And by the way, do you remember that clip of Madison Hawthorne he was telling people about? He said people in his own party were holding these cocaine fueled sex parties, play this clip with House of Cards about to Get serious. Yes, I am With Kevin Spacey and I forget who else was in it, but anyway, really well done show. Very well done show. Very well Done show. But it was so dirty and it was about this congressman who was Kevin Spacey, who was I, I think it was minority or Majority Whip. Yep. What, what was it? Yeah. And so anyway, very, very powerful guy. And it was just kind of like his secret life of all this corruption and power and money and perversion and it was just dirty.


How much and your opinion, 'cause you're, you've been behind the veil. Is this a fictitious show or is this more closer to like a documentary? Is is it That bad? So I heard a former president that we had in the nineties was asked the question about this, and he gave an answer that I thought was so true. And he said, the only thing that's not accurate in that show is that you could never get a piece of legislation about, about education passed that quickly. And everything else is good. Aside from that I mean the sexual perversion that goes on in Washington I mean being kind of a young guy in Washington. Remember the average age is probably 60 or 70.


And I look at all these people, a lot of 'em that I, you know, I've looked up to through my life. I've always paid attention to politics, guys that, you know, then all of a sudden you get invited to like, well, hey, we're gonna have kind of a, a sexual get together at one of our homes. You should come. And I'm like, what, what, what did you just ask me to come to? Yeah. And then you realize they're asking you to come to an orgy. Yeah. Or, or the fact that, you know, there's some of the people that are leading on the movement to try and remove, you know, addiction in our country, and then you watch 'em do, you know, a key bump of cocaine right in front of you. And it's like, this is, this is wild. And then there's also kind of the whole espionage aspect of what goes on in Washington of, you know, so many people trade in secrets and there there's a currency to secrets. Yeah. And so it, it's wild.


And then, you know, there's members of the, of the, the media, the journalists who kind of will keep nasty stories about you or about other people on a shelf. And then if you're about to kind of speak out against something they don't want you to, they'll come out and say, well, we're about to drop the story of when, you know, 17 years ago you did X, Y, and Z and you don't want us to drop that story, do you? So we're, we're gonna bully you back into this position. And by the way, this is from April of 2022. This is Democratic Congress member Ted Liu, who's talking about the behavior of these MAGA Republicans here play this clip. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. President Joe Biden has done an awesome job creating jobs. He is a jobs president.


Last year, 6.6 million jobs are created in the last 14 months we working with Congressional Democrats, 7.4 million jobs are created the most in United States history. Democrats are building a better America for their future and for their people. What are Republicans doing? I don't know, but last week, Republican Congressman Madison Hawthorne bragged about being invited to cocaine, field sex orgies by senior Republicans. Don't believe me. Search for Madison Hawthorne Republican Caucus on the internet.


I yield back Going back to that guest on cnn. Let's play this clip. You know, can Trump what happens if he loses gates? Does it, does it leave a stink? I don't think so. I I, and I also don't think Gates doesn't get it because of a sex scandal. I think Gates for stiff specifically, does he get this because he's an asshole to people and people in the Senate don't like him. And to some point God had the same problem. Wait, Wait. One of the other things that we are learning per a, B, C is that from some of these children who Matt Gates was flying around when he flew them to Fox to watch his TV interviews with Fox host, he also took them to the play Pretty Woman about a businessman who falls in love with a prostitute.


This reminds me, do you remember when Gates was on the Tucker Carlson Show, when Tucker was on Fox? Remember when Gate said this? Here, play this clip Again, I only know what I've read in the New York Times. I can say that actually, you and I went to dinner about two years ago. Your wife was there and I brought a friend of mine, you'll remember her, and she was actually threatened by the FBI told that if she wouldn't cop to the fact that somehow I was involved in some pay for play scheme, that she could face trouble. And so I do believe that there are people at the Department of Justice who are trying to smear me. You know, providing for flights and hotel rooms for people that you're dating who are of legal age is not a crime.


And I'm just troubled that the lack of any sort of legitimate investigation into me would then per mute, would then convert into this extortion attempt. I I, I don't remember the the woman you're speaking of or the context at all, honestly. But I, By the way, Anna Navarro puts it all in perspective. Here's what she had to say on CNN, let's play the clip. Remember, let me, let me just say this. I remember you and I are old enough to remember when Bill Clinton had two attorney general nominees, Zoe Baird and Kimba Wood, who were eliminated, who had to withdraw because they had employed illegal nannies.


Matt Gaetz is accused of sleeping with a girl who's almost young enough to need a nanny, and Republicans are saying there's nothing to see here. I look, here's some more of the reporting. This is by Roger Sullenberger. Matt Gates allegedly paid for sex through his adopted son, Nestor's PayPal account Gates, who sat on the house Judiciary Committee introduced Nestor to the world on June 18th, 2020. And apparently around that time, according to the lawyer for the women, and as well as it what's likely in this ethics report, using Nestor as a, as a conduit to communicate with underage girls.


Going back to Republican Senator Kramer here, here's what he has to say about recess appointments. Let's play this clip. If he were, if this nomination were to go down and he tried to install him via recess appointment, would that be okay with you? Well, I think it'd be very difficult to, I I just think it'd be unwise to do that if he can't get the votes of the majority party, which is his party. Yep. So Donald Trump's cabinet pick here clearly blowing up in his face, but we knew we knew where this was going. This shouldn't have come as a shock. This speaks though to Donald Trump's horrific judgment. No judgment at all, bringing in Matt Gaetz to be Attorney General.


What an embarrass, what a shame, what a stain already I mean. You have to evaluate Trump's conduct and go Doesn't isn't that proof? He hates our country to put Matt Gaetz as the attorney general tells me, Donald Trump hates our, I don't, I don't know how else you look, how, how else you could look at it. That's clearly a gesture of someone who hates America to inflict Matt Gaetz upon us. With all of this embarrassing hit, subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.