
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Post Malone presents the big ass stadium tour with Jelly Roll and special guest Sierra Ferrell in select cities. Presale for city card members is available now@livenation.com. I am checking in on the Latino voters for Trump right now who said that Donald Trump in his inner circle, were not talking about them. That there was some exception that immunize them when Donald Trump said that there would be bloody mass deportations in Trump said he would invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 and bring America back to the late 18th century. Well, Donald Trump and his inner circle and his propaganda media networks are making it abundantly clear what they intend to do.


Forthwith. Again, I don't love reporting on the F around and find out stuff, but it is important to reflect on what is being said that we have to approach this clear eye So. here is Jesse Waters on Fox saying that if you are a migrant, doesn't matter if you've been working here for many, many years, or if you're paying taxes or you're contributing to the economy, but ice is coming for you. Jesse Waters, who's a propaganda arm of Donald Trump in the administration, here's what he's saying here, play this clip. It's a migrant judge, and I saw that Trump won. I'd pack my bags and get on the first flight to Nicaragua because here's the other option.


6:00 AM ice knocks on your door, puts you in a van. You haven't brushed your teeth, you haven't packed. Maybe your wife had already left for work. Where is she now? So they're gonna put you in a van, they're gonna take you to a military base where there's gonna be hundreds of other migrants that aren't gonna be very happy, and they're gonna probably have you there for three to four weeks until they put you on a flight and send you back to Nicaragua. And then you have to do the walk of shame. If you go back on your own terms and you arrive at the village, you can say, you know what? Boston wasn't for me, didn't like the food. Let me regale you with my adventures in AST status. Unidos, you could do it that way or you could do it the other way. It's their choice at this point, you know?


And then Donald Trump's borders are made numerous appearances on Fox. Here's one of them that he made earlier in the day, and here he says that if you are in a blue state and you try to give any shelter to a migrant who is hiding that the Trump administration will go after you in a blue state. Here, play this clip Real quickly. What happens to a mayor or a local police department chief that is under a democratic leadership that obstructs ice in your federal agents that are helping get these deportation? What happens to them? Well, first of all, if they don't wanna help us get the hell outta the way, we're going to do it.


If I gotta send twice amount of resources to that city, that's what we're going to do. If, if they would give us access to the jail, that would mean less agents in the community for them pushing back and not letting us in the jail. It just mean more agents are gonna be in the community. So they're hurting themselves. Finally, I'll say this, they need to educate themselves. They need to review this. Title eight United States Code 1324 Triple. I read about that and don't cross that line because it is a felony to harbor and conceal an illegal alien from ice. Read the statute. Don't cross that line. That's a warning from Tom Holman right there. And as Todd Schultz says, I want people to take very seriously that what is being proposed here from the Trump administration is to bring criminal charges against churches, schools, families, and perhaps you, yes, people like you who they claim do not comply with their version of supporting, separating millions of families in bloody mass deportations.


And you know that they are going there. I mean literally intending to put the military on the streets in the United States. When you have magar Republican, Rand Paul, who fancies himself as a on and off, again libertarian. But when Rand Paul is saying things that somewhat sound sensical, I think that's when you should also be pretty, pretty worried. 'cause here, Rand Paul says, look, I'm, he's aware what Trump and they, they're saying on Fox that they're gonna send the United States military to do work site raids to go after people. Yes, the Latinos for Trump, they're coming after you. And Rand Paul says that he would try to block the use of the military in the United States of America.


Watch what even Rand Paul has to say, play this clip. I'm not in favor of sending the army in uniforms into our cities to collect people. I think it's a terrible image. And that's not what we use our military for. We never have, and it's actually been illegal for over a hundred years to bring the Army into our cities army and our military are trained to shoot the enemy. They're not trained to get a warrant to do what they're doing. The police have a difficult job, but the people removing people from our country need to be a police enforcement domestic agency, not the military. Is that, is that? So while I'm all for remain in Mexico, I will not support an emergency to put the Army into our cities.


I think that's a huge mistake.


As a Kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals, they don't gimme the protein that I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically Delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like the classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite after gym snack. Now, every serving a magic spoon cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carbs. So you can feel good about what you're eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa. And there's so many more magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 12 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, magic spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolatey peanut butter. Now, my favorite is the magic spoon chocolatey peanut butter treats. And by the way, they're my wife's favorite too. They make for the best late night snack, get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash midas, or look for Magic Spoon on Amazon or in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas for $5 off magic spoon.


Now, here is Tom Holman again on another appearance. I mean they're making it very clear. And here he's saying that he's prepared to more or less go to war with cities that resist bloody federal mass deportations. Play this clip. I tell you this, they don't have to help us, but they need to get the hell outta the way because we're coming, we're gonna do it. Which means if I got sent twice as many resources, that sanctuary city twice as many agents, that's exactly what I'm going to do. And I've been saying for the last several days that they need to study the law. They cannot help, but don't impede us and don't cross certain lines. There's a statute under Title eight, United States Code 1324 that talks about harboring and concealing an illegal alien knowingly harboring and concealing an illegal alien for mice.


They need to read that statute and become familiar with it because of the cross sideline. There will be consequences. So look, we're prepared to take action, but I hope they come to the table and realize we are prioritizing the worst of worst. First. Help us do that. Let's let help, help yourself, make your community safer. That's what you're, that's what you're supposed to be doing. Yeah. And again, he makes it clear here that deporting non-criminal migrants is not off the table. play the clip. If you're in the country, legally, you're not off the table. I mean, we've been looking for fugitives. There's over a million illegal aliens in this country who got due process at great taxpayer expense, were ordered, removed by a judge and failed to leave. So they're also priority. But yeah, I mean we'll be moving on to those who may not be a criminal, may not be a fugitive, but they enter this country illegal, which is a crime, and they're here illegally and, and they are not off the table.


I wanna be clear on that. Yeah, But what I find fascinating too, as I said at the outset, I'm checking in on those Latino voters for Trump I mean, here's a recent interview that just took place on KSHB 41, that's the NBC affiliate in Kansas City. And this is a Kansas City area Latino, who's basically saying he supports bloody mass deportations or supports deportations rather of Latinos. Let's just, just listen to what he says in his own words here, play this clip. However you, you got here, you knew if you get caught, you're gonna be sent back. Ano came from the Dominican Republic 25 years ago to live his American dream.


He's a US citizen since 2007, but admits that at some point he overstayed his visa. If For any reason immigration decide that I needed to go at the end, I would understood that a, a rule was broken. So he's saying that he would support his own deportation. I just want to be clear what we're talking about here, folks, because you know, migrants contribute to our economy. Let's be very clear whether it's been President Obama or President Biden, okay? Or Democrats generally. We, we all support the deportation and criminal prosecution of criminals.


We support the, the criminal prosecution and the fullest extent of the law of terrorists. Absolutely deport 'em, prosecute 'em, lock 'em up. If you're a terrorist or a criminal, absolutely. But migrants have contributed to the fabric of our country. Who, who who do you think are working the farms and the fields? How do you think this is going to affect the farming industry? Who do you think is working construction jobs? Who do you think is working some of these restaurant jobs? So you're gonna do work site raids while people, while migrants who are working and contributing to the economy. You're just gonna rip 'em apart. You're gonna separate families.


What in the world are we talking about here? Here is Steven Miller, right here again. He's confirming, he's one of, he's Donald Trump's top aide. He's working in the White House. He says, yeah, the bloody mass deportations begin the second he's sworn in here, play this clip. It's going to be at light speed, Sean. The moment the president Trump puts his hand on that Bible and takes the oath of office as he has said, the occupation ends, liberation day begins. He will immediately sign executive orders, sealing the border shut, beginning the largest deportation operation in American history. Find, you know, The, some of these Mago Republicans continue to de, you know, delude themselves. This is a mago Republican representative Tony Gonzalez saying, though, but look, if the message here is we're going to deport your aita, we're not gonna do, that's not gonna work.


Well, that's what they're saying. I've showed a hundred clips. That's what they're saying here, play this clip. Our message has to be one of positive. If we wanna hold onto these gains, if the message is we're here to deport your aita, that's not gonna work. Well, it has to be one of holding these hardened criminals. But That is, but that is the message from the Trump administration. They are doing mass deportation. Pack your bags. You heard Tom Holman say that now. They have said they will deport criminals first, but they've also said everyone else, there are 11 to 13 million undocumented workers in this country. So how does this work? How do you convince them to let people who are picking fruit stay?


Now, I don't exactly see it the exact same way. You know, months ago I reached out to ICE and I asked for empirical data on how many convicted criminals are in our country. The numbers hundreds of thousands, six More than 600,000. It's, it's Absolutely mind boggling. So, So how do you even round them up? How do you have the manpower to even do that? That's where we need to focus. We need to focus. I'm talking about the convicted criminal aliens that keeps all Americans safe. We need, You know, and some other things to report as well out of Wisconsin, Wisconsin. Watch. They do a very good job here. Here's what they're reporting. Our community is terrified. Wisconsin immigrants brace for the threat of mass deportation state immigrant right groups.


Immigration attorneys weigh in on the deportation threat from Trump's turn. Fernanda Jimenez, a 24-year-old resident, came to the United States from Mexico with her mother and siblings when she was five years old. It's the only home she can remember For almost a decade, Himenez has been protected from deportation by the Federal Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or DACA program launched under the Obama administration. The program allows people who came to the country illegally as children to get work permits and continue living in America. Earlier this year, Jimenez graduated from El Verno College in Milwaukee. She currently works at Grant as a grant writer helping nonprofits apply for funding.


But she's also in the process of applying for law school. Now, Jimenez, who has these big dreams going to law school, becoming a lawyer, is absolutely terrified right now. Donald Trump previously tried to get DACA overturned and she's terrified that Trump's coming for her and her family. The the immigrant population in Wisconsin is terrified. This is from the guardian. Haitian immigrants fleece Springfield, Ohio in droves after the Trump election went. Do you know that even after all of the things that Trump and MAGA said about Springfield, Ohio, the community of Springfield, which has benefited from the Haitian migrants, the Haitian migrants in Springfield have revitalized the factories.


Do you know that the people in Springfield voted for Donald Trump more than Vice President Kam LAIs? It was close, but more people in Springfield voted for Trump, despite Trump lying about migrants eating cats and dogs there. And now the Haitian migrants are suffering there. The city subjected to false rumors from Trump loses its re residents now that are integral to the community. And here it talks about how the Haitian community led to the revitalization of Springfield working these factory jobs. The migrants have what's called TPS Temporary Protected Status.


That's the provision by which the migrants came in because the town, Springfield, Ohio was just getting crushed. They didn't have the workers there and the factories were shutting down. And through the TPS provisions, the migrants came in. They helped this city of about 60,000 people. And now the Haitians have to flee and it's going to crush the economy there right now, a a again, voting against their own interest right there. So we see that happening over and over and over again right there, you know. And now one of the things that we're seeing as well is, you know, farmers across the country are terrified about what's going to happen.


And a lot of these farmers voted for Trump to have their own labor deported. It's, it's, it's baffling. It's mind boggling. But that's where we're at right now. We'll keep you posted as we learn more. As I said, I don't like reporting on the F around and find out stuff, but it's where we're at. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.