
Imagine you're a business owner relying on a dozen different software programs. Each one disconnected, more expensive and more complicated than last. It can be incredibly stressful right now, picture odu ODU brings all the tools your business needs into one simple platform, CRM, accounting, inventory, manufacturing, marketing, HR and more. All seamlessly connected. Everything works together, giving you the peace of mind that your business is running smoothly from every angle. Odus open source applications are user friendly and designed to scale with your business. Same you time and money. Say goodbye to juggling multiple platforms and hello to efficient integrated management. Stop wasting resources on complicated systems and make the switch to DU today. Visit du.com ODO o.com and discover how DU can simplify and streamline your business operations. ODU Modern Management made simple.


Want to sharpen your aim, Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


This little lot of mind, I'm gonna let it shine there. You have peaceful protests in Los Angeles, not what the media is showing you, but of course Donald Trump federalizing the National Guard sending ice in provoking the situation and making it worse. And then you're seeing have to see LAPD on horseback, mounting the sidewalk, pushing the press back. And then you see images like this here, play this clip.


And then you see here, protestors being further attacked, play this clip. And then you're hearing these horrible stories about ice taking their vehicles and just crashing into innocent people, trying to racially profile people and claim that they're not citizens. I mean literally a mother and what, like her 3-year-old son.


Just take a look at what happened to this lady and her little kid. Look at her kid right there. She describes what went down, play this clip. Then same time Coming out, we came out and right us, the video fucking tried like pulling the over, they literally, her out crashed the front, they crashed the back. They kept grabbing this side where you guys can see my kids' car seats on this side. And they kept grabbing onto that side. And then they're like, oh, you can, you can leave now. You can leave Now. And what was Donald Trump doing yesterday? What was Donald Trump focused on when we also learned that the Middle East was on the verge of a massive war with Israel apparently being poised to strike Iran.


Iran then being poised to strike American military bases in the Middle East. Donald Trump, as part of his bizarre arrangement with Melania, went to M Just just look at how Donald Trump was holding Melania's hand, or I should say thumb as we sit on the Midas touch account. Can you feel the love? Our editor-in-chief Ron Philip Kowski goes, it's Bonnie and Clyde without the passion, fashion sense, physical courage or the decency to rob people face-to-face. Zoom in on the hand right there. They got booed. By the way, when they went to the Kennedy Center to watch Les Miss, take a look at them walking out right there when they were on the red carpet, Donald Trump was asked about the possibility of Israel striking Iran.


And then Iran striking United States military bases in the Middle East. Iran activated its National guard, it made all these posts. We're ready for war, we are ready to go. And by the way, everybody knows that Donald Trump's a chicken trump always chickens that everyone knows that trump's the coward. So Trump's cowardice is creating a void. And you know, chaos is being filled basically by, you know, these new power structures that are being created. Here's how Donald Trump responded. Play this video when asked about the dangers posed by Iran, and he's like, well, I guess it's a dangerous place.


Watch how pathetic this is Trump on the red carpet while there's a military crisis taking place. Yes, A question from Newsmax. Could you provide an update on Iran? We're hearing reports that US personnel are being moved out of the region within striking distance. Well, they are being moved out because it could be a dangerous place and we'll see what happens. But they are been, we've given notice to move out and we'll see what happens. Is there anything that can be done to dial the temperature down in the region? They can't have a nuclear weapon very simply. They can't have a nuclear weapon. We're not gonna allow That. And then next Donald Trump is asked, do you identify more with Jean Val Jean or Javar from Les M?


And then Donald Trump pretends that he's seen Les miss. Clearly Donald Trump doesn't know the plot of Les Miss, but he goes, that's a tough one. I don't know which character I am here. Play this clip question On the musical. Have you seen the musical before? And do you identify more with Jean v Jean or Bert? That's a tough one. That last part of that question. That's tough. I think you better, you better answer that one, honey. I don know the, I've seen it. We've seen it a number of times. It's fantastic. I thought it was just about our first choice. That's what we got. And we have others coming. Other great ones have Come. Then Donald Trump says that if it wasn't for me, LA would be burned down by now.


Play this clip. People Are wealthy. The country's getting back to strength again. That's what I care about. And we're gonna have a safe country. We're not gonna have what would've happened in Los Angeles. Remember if I wasn't there, if I didn't act quickly on that Los Angeles would be burning to the ground right now. Okay, well let's take a listen to what the LAPD chief has to say because he disputes Trump's claim. And he goes, we definitely did not need the National Guard at all. We never even came close to getting to the point where we had to call in the National Guard play this clip. No, we, we were not in a position to request a National Guard. We have a protocol that we work up through.


First we bring in all internal resources to bear on the issue, whatever it is. Then we mobilize the department or part of the department to be able to get everybody out there dealing with the issue. If we don't have the capacity at that point to be able to do that, then through the sheriff, we request mutual aid and we get our law enforcement partners from police departments and sheriff's department throughout the Southern California region to assist us in doing what it is we need to do. We're at that level now, and we're, we're at nowhere near level where we would be reaching out to the governor for, for National Guard at this stage. And my hope is that things are going in the right direction now and that we wouldn't have had to have done that, or we won't either.


That's notable to hear you say that you're, you're actually nowhere near that stage. And by the Way, it should also be noted that LAPD sent out a press release a few days back Thursday, Friday saying these protests were peaceful thanking the organizers. And that's when Donald Trump escalated things. He's always been looking for an excuse to try to take away blue state's rights. He's jealous of Gavin Newsom. And by the way, isn't California Governor Newsom Governor Gavin Newsom just completely outmaneuvering Trump? So Trump Federalizes, the National Guard sends in the Marines. We have more military in California now than we do in Iraq and Syria. And they're, they're just kind of sitting there inside buildings, by the way, which is actually harmful to our overall national security.


And by federalizing the National Guard, there's wildfires right now taking place in San Bernardino where the National Guard actually needs to be utilized, but they're being pulled away from that. Only like a hundred or so are actually operationalized and they're standing like just security guards in front of a federal building, not even know what the hell they're doing. And here, the LAPD chief says, yeah, we really don't know what they're doing. Like we don't know why this is the L-A-P-L-A-P-D Chief. That's why I wanna play this to you. I want to bring you the receipts so you don't just take my word for it. The LAPD chief is like, yeah, we don't really know what the hell their role is. Like, I don't know what the National Guard and Marines are doing play this Clip of the National Guard and of the Marines.


I mean, if, if someone's watching, I think they would think of, anyone should know. It should be you. Why do you think you don't know what they are doing and what they are supposed to Be doing? Well, this is, yeah, this is, yeah, this is unprecedented. I feel comfortable in knowing what their stated purpose is, their mission, as I said, to protect federal employees and facilities. But as far as their, the scope of their responsibilities or their abilities relative to arrest or, or dealing in a, you know, a a municipal environment, that's not something that they do every day. Certainly what their training is, we're not sure of that either on the Army or the Marines as it relates to crowd management, crowd control in an urban environment.


So a lot of questions that we'll still be asking, but you know, our role is very clear to us is to keep the peace and to allow people who are protesting peacefully to do so. Is there a clear line of communication between the LAPD and the Pentagon about this? Not with the Pentagon, but with the, there's a general who's been assigned here. General Sherman. We have had our folks in conversations that he's been involved in, in calls, I still want to be able to clarify things further. So As I mentioned, Iran's basically saying, we're ready for war, we're ready. In response to the news that Israel was about to strike, sources familiar with us assessments and intelligence said that there was some evidence that Iranian backed paramilitary groups in Iraq who were recently provided ballistic missiles and additional precision munitions by Iran, as well as other militia groups in the region, were preparing to attack US bases and interest in the Middle East.


According to Al Arabia, Abu Ali, the commander of the Ka Saed Alah, an Iranian back para paramilitary group operating in Iraq, released this statement earlier today, vowing to attack the US assets. But you have, don't worry folks, don't worry. 'cause you have Christi Nome, the self acclaimed, self-procured, professed rather dog killer and cosplayer dressing up in her different outfits. I don't know, is she gonna be dressed up as cowgirl Christina o is she gonna be dressed up as as a military girl or whatever military woman?


I mean, governor Newsom just mocks her right here and basically goes, their entire world is driven by fiction. So is it any surprise to you that the United States image has declined in many nations amid zero to low confidence in Donald Trump? Pew research just came out with the poll yesterday showing how countries feel about Trump. Low confidence in Trump in most countries surveyed in terms of no confidence. For example, 77% of Canada has no confidence. 62% of UK no confidence. 63% in Greece, 60% in Poland, 68% in Italy has no confidence.


77% in Netherlands, 78% in France, 80% of people in Spain have no confidence in Trump, Germany. 81%, no confidence. 85% of people in Sweden have no confidence. 61% in Japan, 67% in South Korea, 77% in Australia, 91% of people in Mexico have zero confidence in Donald Trump. Now, we also learned yesterday, treasury secretary Scott Bessant said that Donald Trump will likely extend the pause on his tariffs past the July, the July 90 day deadline.


Remember Donald Trump said 90 deals in 90 days, he's done zero deals in 90 days. The UK thing he did was not a deal. It literally says on the memorandum of understanding, this is not a binding deal. And the tariffs, the levies are still in place. There hasn't been any change. And it was a memorandum of understanding saying this is not a binding deal. What happened with China was not a deal. It was a consensus where the United States brought its tariffs down from 145% to 30%. China brought its tariffs down from 125% to 10%. Then the United States brought it back up to 55%. So right now, the United States is currently taxing its own people, 55% from goods coming in from China while China's taxing its own people only 10%.


And then the US desperately sent its trade representative Jameson Greer, treasury Secretary Scott Besson and its Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick to London, and then before that to Switzerland because China was cutting off the United States rare earth minerals. But here's Bessett now saying that Trump will likely extend the pause on his tariffs past than July nine deadline. Let's play this clip. He gave an answer that was Frank all over the place. Some difficult to understand we're less than a month away from Liberation Day Part two. Very few of the trade deals have been announced yet I think most people in Congress and around the world would like to know what's going on.


Should America be preparing for liberation Day 2.0? Should we plan? What do we plan for January, July 9th and July 2nd? I I would say, as I have repeatedly said, that there are 18 important trading partners. We are working for deal toward deals on those. And it is highly likely that those countries that are negotiate or trading blocks, as in the case of the EU who are negotiating in good faith, we will roll the date forward to continue good faith negotiations. If someone is not negotiating, then we will not. So as Justin Wolfer says, treasury Secretary Scott Besson just announced a new deal making plan.


90 deals in 90 days just became 18 deals. And as long as he started talking within 90 days, he'll grant as many extensions as he wants on each of these 18 deals. So that kind of feels like a non deadline that he can't fail to meet. These are concepts of deals and concepts of plans. Look, even the Wall Street Journal headline says, Trump has no China's trade strategy. Washington and Beijing stage, a tactical retreat that shows China's leverage. And as further evidence of China's leverage, China, China imposed a six month expiration on the consensus.


Not even a deal whereby China reserves the right in six months to stop sending its rare earth minerals to the United States showing actually who holds the cards and who capitulated. It's utterly embarrassing. Let me read this to you as well. So for all of the MAGA people out there who try to justify their cruelty on the basis of religion, let me just read from you this portion of Leviticus, if I can, and I don't, whether you're religious or not religious, I, I'm just reading this because also Maga always wants to quote scripture. So, All right, Maga, let me just read this to you. Maga, maybe you might wanna read this.


When an alien lives with you and your land, do not mistreat him. The alien living with you must be treated as one of your native born. Love him as yourself for you or aliens in Egypt, I am the Lord your God. Whether you're religious or you're not religious, just treat people with respect. Treat people with dignity. Don't bully people. Don't punch down, stop the cruelty. And we as humans need to stop gamifying politics so that we somehow justify this cruelty. We should never justify this cruelty. And we in the pro-democracy community should never equivocate in our support of basic humanity.


We should never hedge. We should never worry that we're on the wrong side of the issue. We should never hesitate. It pains me when I see L-G-B-T-Q people, when I see trans people, when I see minorities and marginalized communities get bullied. When I hear MAGA people attack DEI attack diversity as though it's a weakness. Diversity is a strength. America's a melting pot. That's what makes America strong. And we need to always stand for our fellow human beings. We should want to live peacefully. We should want to embrace humanity.


We should want to help people up, not push people down. We should not be so greedy where you have these billionaires who want five, 10 private jets, 20 private jets where they're literally stealing the money in a disastrous budget bill from the people who need it the most. I mean, how are people who are making less than $50,000 giving a thousand dollars to people who make more than $4.2 million so that the people who make more than $4.2 million can save an extra $424,000 in their taxes? Why? Why do they need the extra $424,000?


The people who are making $4.2 million will be fine. Without that, the people who are making under $50,000 will not be fine without that $1,000 living. Paycheck to paycheck is a form of psychological torture. We need to, whether you're just Democrats or just human beings, make sure we have everybody in in the United States able to earn wages with dignity. We need to make sure that everybody can afford to buy a home. Housing affordability should be one of the most important issues that we focus on. And not have people fear that they're not gonna be able to pay their rent or they're going to miss a mortgage payment. We should have healthcare for all. We should loudly and proudly be fine with saying tax the rich.


Nothing that I said there should be controversial at all, and I'm sorry for preaching at the end of this video, but there's no reason that you should equivocate from any of those things that I just said. That's what being a good human being is all about. That's what I think. That's my opinion. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thank you so much for watching. Love This video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.