
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middlemen to learn more paid for by pharma.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Donald Trump continues to humiliate the United States of America and offend our allies in other countries abroad, and he hasn't even taken office yet. I previously reported Donald Trump posting this AI image of himself with a Canadian flag. This comes after Fox reported that during Donald Trump's meeting with the Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau, Donald Trump stated that he wanted to annex Canada and turn Trudeau into a governor. So Donald Trump here by posting this AI image of himself, is acknowledging the threats that he made to our great ally in Canada.


I mean, it's offensive. It's also embarrassing because it's not even in Canada. In this photo, he appears to be in Switzerland or Italy, it looks like that's Matterhorn right there, and it's not Canada. So is he saying he conquered Switzerland on behalf of Canada? Right here, my good friend, and really a legend in the civil rights community in Canada, Akeem Aliu writes, where are so-called leaders when this type of rhetoric is being thrown around. This isn't even political. The lack of pride in our nation and what it stands for is astounding. We as Canadians really need to wake up and understand the gravity of this courtesy of our next door neighbor and so-called strongest ally disgraceful on both sides of the aisle.


I do wanna address Justin Trudeau's visit to Mar-a-Lago because a lot of my Canadian friends, and we know we have a lot of Canadian supporters here at the Midas Touch Network, they wanted to make it very clear the MAGA threat, And I hope I said this before, but let me be very clear that the Conservative party right now in Canada with Pierre Valier and Ford and other conservative leaders there, they went all in on MAGA saying, Trump's our bud. Trump's our guy. It's okay. Trump's gonna help us out. We love Trump, is what the conservative party was saying over and over again. And now when Donald Trump's mocking Canada, they're all like, Ooh, we feel bullied.


Oh my gosh. You know, and Justin Trudeau's visit tomorrow. LA as one person writes, if you're wondering why prime minister Justin Trudeau flew to Florida to meet with Donald Trump, it's because Canada doesn't allow convicted felons in the country. It's a joke, but it's true at the same time. But also Justin Trudeau was there to educate Donald Trump on what a tariff even is, and the type of commerce that takes place between great allies, Canada and the United States that Donald Trump wants to sever. Now, Donald Trump is attacking our friends. Our biggest trading partner is Mexico, or other biggest trading partner, is Canada threatening blanket, 25% tariffs on them.


And then over the weekend, he goes and threatens tariffs on the bricks block, which included Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa, and other nations as well. And he says that he's gonna tariff them 100%, but then he previously said he was going to tariff China an additional 10%, but Russia currently right now is under sanctions where we're not even allowed to trade with the United States of America. So what Trump is saying doesn't even make sense at all. And again, just humiliating himself on the world stage and doing AI pictures of Switzerland.


And so also offending France, by the way, right? I don't think France appreciates the fact that a convicted felon is now the ambassador to France in Charles Kushner, who Donald Trump pardoned in 2020. Jared Kushner's, daddy we've talked about before, how Jared Kushner's Daddy Charles pled guilty in 2004, 2005. He was under criminal investigation for federal election law violations. His brother-in-law was one of the key testifying witnesses against him. So what did all Charles Kushner do? Well, of course, the Kushner family specialty. He hired a prostitute to go after his brother-in-law, then videotaped his brother-in-law with the prostitute, showed the videotape to his sister in order to witness tamper with his brother-in-law.


And then he was charged with that. And then Donald Trump pardoned him in 2020. But, oh, yes, clutch your pearls, everybody, and, and give me your crocodile tears about Hunter Biden. So yes, Donald Trump offending Canada. Donald Trump offending Mexico. Donald Trump offending Switzerland. Donald Trump offending Italy. Donald Trump offending France. Donald Trump attacking Brazil and India. Of course, Donald Trump's attacking China, but it was, it was kind of attack on China, and Russia seemed to be a little bit less than the other country. I, I don't really hear him actually explaining that. The R in bricks notice that he goes bricks, but doesn't really say that the R in bricks stands for Russia.


But you know, who knows that brick stands for Russia. Of course. Take a look, Tucker Carlson. 'cause he announced in a video that just dropped that right now he is in Moscow, and he just completed an interview with Russian foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, due to Biden's approval on long attacks into Russia. Quote, we are closer to nuclear war than any time in history. Says Tucker Carlson just parroting that Russian propaganda great work. Tucker Carlson, our editor in chief, Ron Kowski writes, but now he represents the foreign policy views of an incoming president instead of merely his treasonous self.


By the way, Fox was pushing throughout the day, all of this annexation of Canada talk. They're like, oh, he was joking about it. But then, you know, when you watch these Fox shows, they look just like, like just format the type of hosts, by the way, I mean, Jesse Waters looks like the announcer from Hunger Games. Like it's like the same guy. But you know, and the same way the Russian TV hosts for state run media would mock and joke and, and, and then eventually they did it, right? They, they condition their people for it by constantly talking about the invasion of Ukraine.


That's how Trump sees Canada and the way the Russian media talked about the annexation of Ukraine and then eventually became an actual invasion. It's kind of like what Fox is doing. So let me just show you these clips right here. I want you to, it's important that you see these. So we're on the same page here. So this is the initial report that came out from Fox, where they talked about the meeting where Donald Trump threatened the annexation. Like, oh, he joked about annexation here, play this clip. And tonight we're getting some new details about that Trump Trudeau dinner from two people who were at the table. We are told that when Trudeau told President-elect Trump that new tariffs would kill the Canadian economy, Trump joked to him that if Canada can't survive without ripping off the US to the tune of $100 billion a year, then maybe Canada should become the 51st state, and Trudeau could become its governor.


Right? But more on that detail with the panel. Peter, thank you. Then Jesse Waters on today's show basically said, look, there's so many reasons why we need to make Canada the 51st state here play this clip. Let's just be clear, we're not gonna make Canada the 51st state. We'll make it 51 and 52. You make Western Canada, that'll be Republican, Eastern Canada, that'll be Democrat. So you keep the electoral balance there. So many reasons to make this a state. It's the, I think has the third largest oil reserves in the world. Oh, a lot. So that makes us a energy behemoth.


It's the most well educated country in the world because we need a little help in that department. Talk about mining, agriculture, fishing, AI tech, real estate, Canada, you name it, they got it. We'll never probably lose another Winter Olympics. We'll have all of their skaters and skiers. Wow. I mean, good luck Sweden. And they share our cultural heritage, they share our language. It's just a no brainer. Now, I don't know if Canada's gonna go along with it, but there's ways to maybe change their opinion. Do you wanna end there? Is it there's good idea. The army. The army is minuscule, but that's fine.


We'll pay to protect them as a state. But we're doubling the size of the country. America, think about it. Thank you, Jim.


We've all been there scrambling for that last minute gift that doesn't feel like a last minute afterthought. Well, here's your solution. Trade coffee with trade. You can send a personalized coffee subscription directly to someone's inbox within minutes. It's fast, easy, and guaranteed to impress. Honestly, no other gift gives them something to look forward to every single morning. And I know personally because I look forward to my trade coffee every single morning. And here's the best part. A trade subscription is not just coffee. It's an experience. Every month, they'll get freshly roasted coffee, perfectly matched to their tastes from one of the top small batch roasters in the entire country. It's like gifting them a personal tour of the best coffee shops across the US without ever leaving home from light and bright to dark and bold trade is options for every coffee lover. Now, let me tell you about my own experience with trade. I've tried roasters like equator, coffee, and steady state from trade, and the quality is unbelievable. The beans are roasted just days before they arrive to my door. So much fresher than anything I would grab at the store. And the variety, it is like a new adventure every shipment. Plus the convenience is unbeatable. No more overspending at the coffee shop, settling for something less than amazing, or worrying that you forgot to add coffee to your last grocery list. And let's talk about gifting. A trade subscription is the perfect, practical, yet personal gift. It's the gift that keeps on giving. Literally every day when they brew their coffee, they will think of you. Whether they're a casual coffee drinker or a full on coffee enthusiast like me, trade makes it simple to gift something they'll love. And you know, as the resident coffee geek here at Midas, I would not give my stamp of approval to just any coffee subscription service ready to cross that last gift off your list. Trade is offering their best savings of the year on gift subscriptions right now. Head to drink trade.com/midas to send a personalized coffee subscription in minutes. That's drink trade.com/me. IDAs. Don't miss out.


Yep. Republicans refuse to make Washington DC or Puerto Rico estate, but are now talking about Annex in Canada because Trump joked about it on Thanksgiving. Andrew Weinstein writes offending France, Canada, Switzerland, and Italy in the same week as quite the feed. But Donald Trump is clearly up to the task right there. And I'll just say this, this is some embarrassing stuff. I I, I mean, to go after your top allies, cripple alliances, and then go in, then attack bricks moving Brazil and India and South Africa and other countries like that, more in the direction of Russia and China when their whole proposition for bricks block is that, is that America's not reliable.


This is haphazard. This is dumb. This is, this is stupid. And I do wanna say to my Canadian friends out there who watch this, and you've been very clear to me that you view Trudeau's move as a, this is what you told me as, as a, as a move in diplomacy and educating Donald Trump. And as a way to try to be a buffer from the MAGA threatened Canada. I just wanted to make sure I'm reflecting your views. We've been focusing on a lot of international affairs here now on the Midas Touch Network. Of course, I think it's some of the most important pieces of information. I think it's way more important than the Hunter Biden, pardon? You tell by my coverage. But I, I want to make sure that I'm adequately addressing the subtleties in international relations.


'cause you know, I, I, I shouldn't, I shouldn't, I, I should make sure I reflect on what people from Canada are saying to me. I take what you take, I take what you say very seriously. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Check out midas plus.com as well. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.