
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Losing, losing, and losing. Again, that's how Donald Trump spent the past day, frankly. That's how he's spending every day. Also, he's spending his time crashing our economy and crashing our markets. Let me explain what went down. Oh, and by the way, Donald, when are you gonna release those Epstein files? Don't think that we forgot about that. Let me explain what went down. So Donald Trump previously issued an executive order against yet another law firm he doesn't like 'cause he says they're mean to him. The law firm's name is Jen and Block Jen and Block. Unlike the law firm, Paul Weiss and Skadden, Jen and Block didn't back down. They sued Donald Trump right away the same way the law firm Perkins Schooley did the same way the law firm Wilmer Hale did more on that in a moment.


And Jenner and Block won. They got assigned in their federal lawsuit against Donald Trump, a George W. Bush Judge, a judge by the name of Judge Bates, who was absolutely disgusted by the behavior of the Trump regime and issued an injunction against Trump's executive order, the ER number one, Donald Trump. Then Donald Trump loses again the law firm Wilmer How who Donald Trump targeted with a similar executive order sues Donald Trump. A federal judge is assigned to that case. Also a Republican federal judge, a George W. Bush appointee by the name of Judge Leon. And Judge Leon rules against Donald Trump an injunction.


Judge Leon was disgusted by the Trump regimes conduct. Also Judge Jeb Bosberg, the federal judge, overseeing Donald Trump's invocation of the Alien Enemies Act of 1789 to kidnap migrants and send them into concentration camps in El Salvador while he extended his injunction to mid-April blocking Donald Trump from kidnapping migrants and sending them to concentration camps. What a loser. This Trump regime is lost over and over again in the courts also losing internationally as well. You had JD Vance in Greenland where he was not welcome by the Greenlanders, so he had to stick to a military base in Greenland where he was whining and complaining about this grievance and that grievance from Greenland.


About 90% of Greenlanders basically want nothing to do with the United States having any formal role or any role at all over Greenland. Greenlanders are pissed, and I think they are seeing how Canada has resisted. And now I think the whole world, including Europe, has seen how Canada resisted an incredible meeting in Europe earlier this week as well. Called by French President Emmanuel Macron, the Coalition of the Willing in France, democracies in Europe, other countries in Europe, Canada, Australia, and others. Supporting President Zelensky as Donald Trump is spending his time basically getting Cheetos painted on his face at this point.


I mean, I'm exaggerating. And this is an AI image of JD Vance spreading Cheetos on Donald Trump's face. And here's another, another one that I like even more. Sorry, I'm gonna be immature just for those five seconds. Let's get back to it. As the Patriot takes account said, here are the five things that Trump did this week. Number one, Trump defended leaking war plans over signal. He said it was great. Why would I get mad at Pete Hegseth? I don't know, maybe because Pete Hegseth literally listed the itinerary of when F eighteens would be bombing certain locations. Our Air Force pilots are pissed at Hegseth, putting them in harm's way. Our troops are absolutely pissed in any government anywhere else in the world, people would be fired, they would be charged with crimes.


But under the Trump CTO High five a High five, they think this is normal. That's my impression of Borat. Number two, Donald Trump took away Elise Stefan's promotion. She was going to be appointed as the ambassador to the United Nations. But even though she was in a plus 21 Congressional district in New York, Donald Trump's pollster, the Fabrizio Group, showed that in Florida's six congressional district, which was a plus 30 Trump district, used to be held by Congress member Mike Walls. Yes, the Mike Walls, Mr. Leaker himself, Mike Walls, who was on the signal text thread, who's now the National Security Advisor.


That seat the Democrat, who I've interviewed multiple times. That candidate Josh Wheel is apparently in the lead according to Donald Trump's own pollster Fabrizio. So Elise St. Member of Congress, Magar Republican Trump was worried they're gonna lose that seat too. Trump's worried they're gonna lose the Florida seat as well. And so Trump basically recalled her nomination. Bye-bye Elise Nik. And I reported earlier in the week the political earthquake that took place in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, which hadn't turned blue since 1889. Yep. 18. You heard me right. 1889 was the last time a Democrat won that Senate District 36 over there.


The Democrat James Malone beat the Magar Republican and Malone ran against Doge and Musk and all of the horrifying things that they're doing in their hostile takeover of the United States government. Oh, by the way, we're learning now as well, that John Ratcliffe, the CIA director, you have the same CIA director who said no mistakes were made by having the signal chat and inviting a reporter from the Atlantic, the editor in chief onto the signal chat. Yep. That John Ratcliffe has invited now Elon Musk to the CIA to look through all of the CIA weapons systems. Yep. That's gonna make people a little more pissed off.


I think so. And also, number three, Donald Trump tanked the stock market again. Number four, Donald Trump left work early on Friday, probably going back to Mar-a-Lago for yet another golf vacation at the taxpayer dime. And number five, Donald Trump protected the Epstein files for another week. When are you releasing those files, Donald? Didn't you say the Epstein files were gonna be released? Oh, wait a minute. You're also the same guy who said Jeffrey Epstein is a great guy who said, who likes girls on the younger side. Right? That's the Jeffrey Epstein, who you talked about one of your best friends before who you partied with in Palm Beach. Yeah, that Jeffrey Epstein, who's a trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell.


You wished her well at her sex trafficking trial. Yeah. That's you Donald. Right? 'cause you'd always party with them. And I, I, I think I understand why it is that those Epstein files are not being released. Take a look at the front page of the globe. Trump's self-inflicted recession begins to take shape. Take a look at Business Insider. Look at the top right there. Over the past 24 hours, the Dow Jones down nearly 2%. The Nasdaq down nearly 3%, the s and p down nearly 2%. Donald Trump crushing the American economy, the business insider rights. Another big bank has slashed its stock market outlook amid soaring economic uncertainty.


What's Trump and the MAGA press talking about? What are their pressing concerns in the Oval Office as Americans are suffering, as Donald Trump is shutting down Social Security administration offices as Donald Trump's giving $4.5 trillion in tax cuts to the billionaires. And Donald Trump is cutting $880 billion from Medicaid, $400 billion from farmers, $400 billion from education, frankly, gutting the entire Department of Education as Donald Trump is cruelly firing our veterans and demeaning and defaming them with Elon Musk and Doge. What are they talking about in the Oval Office? What's a woman? What's a woman? What's a woman?


Penis vaginas. That's what they're talking about. That's what they, that's what they want us to focus on, these weirdos. Here's what Donald Trump says in the Oval Office. Let's play it very much. Mr. President. Mr. President, happy. I wanna say, first of all, happy Women's Month. Thank you. You do so much for women by first of all, keeping men out of women's sports. And you platform so many, that Was an easy one. It was amazing. You've platformed so many great women like your chief of Chief of Staff, Susie Wildes. You also have Caroline Nevi doing a great job as Press Secretary now. Alina will be joining as well. Since Democrats seem to struggle answering this question, I wanted to ask you, what is a woman and why is it important that we understand the difference between men and women? Well, It's sort of easy to answer for me because a woman is somebody that can have a baby under certain circumstances.


She can Meanwhile, back in the real world, wall Street Journal is reporting things like this. And Wall Street Journal leans conservative liens, right wing, right. Trump warned us automakers not to raise prices in response to tariffs. Oh, you mean price controls? Is that was is that's your view of conservatism. Price controls is what you're saying there. And also you're going to do these tariffs. You're going to keep the prices going up and then what? You're just gonna crush the automobile industry. Exactly. Why the Atlanta Federal Reserve, once again has its GDP tracker for quarter one at negative 2.8%.


You've heard me right? Negative 2.8%. So we went from former President Biden where we would have all of these wonderful reports. GDP increases, record, job growth, energy independence. Remember all of those headlines. And then on Fox, they tried to be like, yeah, but this does not exceed what our expectations are. He should be working harder. Remember all the crap they gave former President Biden when the economy was actually hitting record highs? Don't get me wrong, inflation was still higher than it needed to be. We should still be very sensitive to the reality that things were hard to afford. Absa freak lly. But former President Biden was bringing inflation down with the inflation reduction act.


Inflation was set to hit about 2%. That's the Fed target. The Fed was lowering interest rates and now they can't do it because the Trump regime is causing inflation to rise. Once again. Atlanta Federal Reserve says that there's gonna be a negative 2.8% GDP contraction. That is bad. Signal chat leak angers US military pilots by the New York Times men and women who have taken to the air pilots on behalf of the United States expressed absolute bewilderment after the leak of attack plans. Quote, you're going to kill somebody. One of the pilots said, and look at JD out there all alone.


Vance lands in Greenland, a place that doesn't want him. So what's JD Vance doing in Greenland? Well, he's using our troops as props standing in front of them and attacking Canada. Huh? And attacking Denmark by the way as well. But I'll just show you him attacking Canada. Play this clip. Can I just ask you about Yeah, go Ahead. The tariffs, there's been some retaliation, some signals, at least in the media, that Canada's gonna respond. Some of these others are gonna respond to the president's tariffs. What's your message for Americans that are gonna see cost increase on auto manufacturing, new cars, that kind of thing? Is it by America or what's the, the message going forward there?


Well, lemme say a couple of things. Fir first of all, for for the Canadians and, and we have many dear friends in Canada, and of course we love the Canadian people, but the Canadian leadership threatening retaliatory tariffs against the United States. As President Trump often says, they just don't have the cards. There is no way that Canada can win a trade war with the United States. What President? Now you have, as I mentioned earlier in the video, that defense, very important defense security meeting that was held in Europe. In France by a coalition of the willing led by French President Emmanuel Macron, also Prime Minister Kire Starmer as well. They said, Ukraine, we got your back. This as Donald Trump threw in front of Ukraine, a new minerals deal, which would basically destroy the Ukrainian economy and steal all of the minerals for Donald Trump.


Pathetic behavior again by the Trump regime. As I always said, I always believed that the deal that Donald Trump wanted to cut with Putin was as follows, first spheres of influence. Donald Trump goes, I got Greenland. I'm gonna take Canada, I'm gonna take Mexico. I'm gonna take the Panama Canal. That's my territory. Russia, you get Ukraine. But Trump's gonna say, I got the minerals of Ukraine and Putin, you get all of Europe and I get the minerals from Ukraine and then Xi Jinping, you can take Asia. I think that's what the overall plan as Donald Trump saw it in his own mind and his own wannabe, authoritarian mind. But now fortunately, you have Canada standing up, Canada strong elbows up to all of our maple Midas out there.


We love you. We're grateful for you. Europe stood strong. Australia stood strong. They stood up to this tyrant. Trump looks weak. He's flailing. He's crashing the economy. He's a weak, pathetic, cornered rat as you know what I like to say, no offense. Two cornered rats. By the way, we got a shout out at the Midas Touch Network at Democratic Congress member Robert Garcia's Town Hall. This is a pretty cool moment on Friday. Play this clip. So what's next? How do we fix that? Fortunately, there's a young, talented group of people that are sprouting up across this country that are building now these new YouTube sites. You, some of you might know like Midas Touch, for example.


Absolutely. So that's right. So places like pla, new spaces like Midas Touch, like other other sites on YouTube are actually growing really quickly. Now, I'm gonna do a whole other video about the town halls that are being held. Some are still being held by MAGA Republicans and the awful reception that they are getting there. I do wanna show you this Canadian member of Parliament, Charlie Angus, who joined me this week. And here he's saying, look, let me explain to you also why Canadians aren't going to America. Yes, the threats of annexation, the attacks on our sovereignty, absolutely number one.


But also we see in America a totalitarian regime right now, we see an authoritarian regime where if you show up there, you could be like the lady, Ru Mesa Ozturk, the Turkish National, who was like kidnapped in the United States, not charged with any crimes. She wrote a A paper, a pro-Palestine paper. A paper. She's a PhD student at Tufts. And as a result, she got like kidnapped by ice. No due process at all, kidnapped by ice. Here's what Charlie Angus has to say, play this clip.


But I think there's something deeper, Ben, that Canadians are really focusing on right now, which is watching our nearest neighbors slip into totalitarianism when we see people being pulled off the streets, when we see people at universities being grabbed, detained, rendered, and kidnapped, and then we see Christie Nome, you know, the Homeland Security boss doing this really disgusting video in front of half naked men in an overcrowded El Salvadorian prison cell. We're looking at a nation that we don't understand anymore, and we don't want to be like that nation.


And we are thinking if we go down the road with this regime, we're talking about the disappearance of the rule of law. And that's deeply offensive to us. It's deeply offensive to our friends in Europe. It's deeply friends offensive to our friends in Australia and Japan and elsewhere. So we are now, as the Prime Minister said, we're having to look elsewhere for the kind of alliances and, and agreements and understandings that we used to have with our nearest neighbor. If our nearest neighbor doesn't respect the rule of law for its citizens, how's it gonna respect the rule of international law? And it certainly doesn't respect us as Canada.


So we have no choice. We have to make decisions and we're gonna make decisions that benefit our region and our people first. By The way, we've also heard stories of Canadians coming in, being lost in ice detention centers for three months. I mean for three weeks, two to three weeks rather. And then I've reported as well of a lot of migrants who were here lawfully asylum seekers from Venezuela, not gang members, no criminal history, not trend deua, a gay hair stylist, a musician, a soccer coach, people like that who had like one person had like autism awareness tattoo because their 15-year-old like nephew had autism.


One person had a real Madrid tattoo, they were a soccer player, whatever it was, they were put in concentration camps in El Salvador by the, by the Trump regime. But who's the Trump regime helping people like this? Nicola founder, Trevor Milton is granted a full pardon after he gave $1.8 million to Donald Trump while he was on appeal. He's the founder of a bankrupt electric and hydrogen powered truck maker, convicted of fraud. He was sentenced to four years in prison in 2023 after a jury found him guilty of lying to investors about the company's technology.


By the way, his lawyer is Pam Bondy's brother. So he got, he got released, he got a full pardon, basically paid for play. It seems like you give Donald Trump 1.8 million and that's what you get. Also, remember we reported how when Donald Trump was in the Bar Bronx, he gave a speech where he brought up on stage rappers like Sleepy Hollow and Chef G. Remember that? Well, one of those rappers pled guilty to being basically a gang member and involved in attempted murder when Trump brought him on stage. There was already the charge for attempted murder and terrorizing New York.


But that's who Donald Trump. That's how Donald Trump, who Donald Trump helps out, right? Donald Trump wanted to say, look, the black community supports me 'cause I have Sleepy Hollow and Chef G on stage. You see everybody. That is how Donald Trump and MAGA think about things and we have to call it out. We have to expose this terrible, terrible behavior. We'll call it out every day. Lemme know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.