
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel do com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Well, I guess for all of these red states, medicine and health and science is just too woke for you. And now you're going to lose hundreds of thousands of jobs because Donald Trump is gutting the National Institutes of Health and the CDC and other groups that help fund the major universities in red states. Red states are going to be hit the hardest by this move that we learned at the end of last week. That NIH says it's cutting about $9 billion in federal research grants supporting medical research ranging from cancer to Alzheimer's disease. Quote, I think it's going to destroy universities in the short term and I don't know after that is what most university leaders are now saying.


So yes indeed, the NIH plans to slash support for indirect research costs, which has now sent shockwaves through universities and science research Senators, as Eric Gelding explains, these great public universities in GOP states will lose at least $1 billion each or or total due to the Trump NIH cuts. I wonder how their senators feel about decimating their universities of innovation. So you take a look for example of University of Texas Southern Medical Center, the reduction in their indirect costs about $160 million.


They're funded by about $400 million of the NIH University of Alabama, $300 million. University of Florida, 500 million Vanderbilt University, $250 million, university of Oklahoma Health Science Center, $200 million, university of Kansas Medical Center, $150 million. University of Kentucky, $350 million, university of Mississippi Medical Center, a hundred million dollars. University of Nebraska Medical Center, $180 million University of South Carolina School of Medicine, $120 million as the Tennessee holler account, which I like them a lot, which they said Trump is cutting billions in biomedical research funding, which will have a large impact on Tennessee including and especially Williamson County.


So, you know, I wonder just how these red counties and red states and red areas are going to be responding to this. Eric Feilding then goes Torpedoing Medical Research, NIH Indi indirect grant funding just got slashed to 15%. What does this mean for you? Colleges and universities won't be able to support students. Tuition will increase, especially graduate students and researchers who find cures and preventions for diseases that kill people. Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin explains this is yet another deep wound inflicted against American Medicine, science and Health by Trump and Elon Musk's juvenile night crew of data thieves following the project 2025 Playbook, which Trump disavowed in the campaign.


Democratic Congress member Jerry Nadler says, Trump's drastic NIH cuts will set back the promise of lifesaving cures and cost American jobs, especially in the 12, mostly red states where universities are the largest employers. Democrats have a better way fund science, protect jobs, and put progress over politics. But I guess there's another way they're doing it in Texas where measles has now had a major resurgence in outbreak. In Texas's least vaccinated counties in this county read 91% voted for Trump. I think their that vaccination rate is like the lowest in the state.


They have measles there and it is spreading. This is from the local Alabama paper. NIH cuts threatened the University of Alabama Birmingham and beyond. It just got real in Alabama. This is from the local, local journalism in Alabama. The National Institutes of Health on Friday night announced huge cuts to biomedical research grants, a move that would deeply impact the University of Alabama at Birmingham, a huge Alabama employer, not to mention Birmingham and its suburbs and healthcare across the state. Not to mention human lives. The University of Alabama Birmingham has received more than a billion dollars in NIH funding in recent years and relied heavily on those and other federal grants for its rise to prominence.


In bragging about setting a $774.5 million federal funding record in 2022, more than a 400 million of it from N-I-H-U-A-B issued a press release boasting that it remained in the top 1% of all NIH funded institutions, public or private. Furthermore, it said all six of UABs health related schools are in the top 15 public universities and NIH funding for fiscal year 2022. These cuts, if they stand, will be devastating. The cuts target indirect grant costs, which provide funds above the amount of the grant for things like administration equipment or other items needed to make the actual project work.


NIH announced Friday night that it would limit that indirect amount to 15% of the grant. It is unclear exactly what UABs indirect rate has been. I've been told everything from 30% to 56% and honestly, I don't know, but it appears to be much higher than averages. NIH funding according to the daily Nebraskan could cost Nebraska taxpayers $27 million, university of Neba, Nebraska, president Jeffrey Gold, and a late night announcement to faculty, staff, and student Saturday send new guidance on how the National Institutes of Health Awards grants could cost NNU and the state nearly $30 million. The NIH announced that it would set a standard indirect cost rate of 15%.


It said Molly Jung fast, good reporter, great reporter, she explained, I don't think the richest guy in the world should be cutting funding for cancer research to which Elon Musk then respondent, I'm not. What the F are you talking about? To which she responded, the Trump administration is cutting billions of dollars in biomedical research funding alarming academic leaders who said it would imperil their university medical centers on the Reddit message boards. I'm seeing this posted right now. Cons, conservative message boards here. This is a three time Trump voter freaking out about the NIH cuts and this Trump voter says, why is no one discussing this?


Here I work as a, this is on the conservative message board. I work as a scientist PhD level, and my colleagues are term, it's not overhead or indirect costs as you would expect, but things like utilities, building maintenance and servers for data to make a long story short summary is that the newest Doge ideas capping indirect grant funds at 15%. Most universities are 30 to 55%. This would result in mass job loss, halting of science, tech, engineering, PhD training, and would start to threaten the closure of research universities and medical school research wings.


If you want to lose to China, India, or Europe and science and medicine, this is how you do it. I dedicated my life to the pursuit of genomics, genomics work that helps others and as application and cancer, dementia and more. Now my jobs and others are in danger because Doge can't read and assume that indirect costs somehow equate to DEI and that they are not needed. This is a terrible idea and I'm wondering why no one here seems to be discussing it. These things take effect Monday and we're sheily announced Friday night after business hours. This does nothing to curb DEI woke jobs. It will actually kill college towns and medical scientific research in America.


We scientists will start losing our jobs or closing labs of colleges. Can't get funding. Expect that we will lose the tech arm, race and medical research centers to other countries. Expect our country to start dumbing down. Well, 60% of our country is below a fifth grade education. But look, tell you what the big priorities are of the Trump administration, allowing immigration from white South Africans. That's the big priority right now. Trump signs an executive order prioritizing US settlement of white South Africans for discrimination. Trying to get all the white South Africans here. Wonder why that policy is in place with Elon.


Given Elon Musk's own immigration


background. Can we geek out for a minute on something? I think it's gonna be helpful for you. It's called Fatty 15. It's co-founder Dr. Stephanie Vin Watson discovered C 15 as the first essential Fatty asset to be found in 90 years while working with the US Navy to improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep our cells healthy, which keeps us healthy. So if you wanna get sciencey about it, studies show that C 15, it works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial function, and protecting us against damaging free radicals. So if you feel like, how could I stop aging faster or I'm sleeping poorly or feeling sluggish? The bottom line is that many of us are deficient in C 15, which results in weaker cells, which results in those things. So Fatty 15 is the science fact award-winning vegan and pure C 15 supplement that steps in and helps. It works in multiple ways. It repairs age, age related damage to cells. It protects them from future breakdowns. It boosts mitochondrial energy output and activates pathways in the body that help regulate sleep, mood, natural repair mechanisms that support our overall help. So deeper sleep, smoother functioning joints, healthier hair, skin and nails. That's essential. And the C 15 helps here and Fatty 15 deliver. So it comes in these gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jars and refill capsules that are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches made from recycled materials. I love that. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your se, your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to Fatty fifteen.com/midas and using the code Midas at checkout. That's Fatty fifteen.com/midas, F-A-T-T-Y fifteen.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Use that code. Midas, that checkout. M-E-I-D-A-S,


Trump's Venezuelan supporters. They have lost their TPS, their temporary protected status while the Trump administration's cut a deal with Maduro to send the Venezuelans who were here lawfully with TPS, either back to Venezuela at concentration camps in Guantanamo Bay, or even perhaps to El Salvador. Because why? Why not? If you're the Trump administration to send different people to different countries. So El El Salvador's a possibility as well. Got one person right here, a Trump supporter. What a shit show MAGA has become. Remember once I supported them, it's turning into white propaganda led by JD Vance, who's openly promoting anti India hate.


I'm not sure if it's becoming, it's kind of always has been. And then saw this on some of the message boards, dog. I wouldn't have voted for Trump if I knew all this. So this is actually true. Why would you vote for someone you didn't research? Dog? This was my first time voting and I thought politics was just fun like sports. Well, the leopards are eating your faces now and unfortunately you've inflicted this on the rest of the country and you know, we, we, we, and we prefer to live in a peaceful, productive, strengthening our alliances type country.


Not whatever the hell this is, but this is where we are. Hit subscribe. Get to 4 million subscribers and thanks for watching. Can't Get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


If you are running a retail business, don't let disorganized order fulfillment, cause chaos. Use ShipStation instead From running a business out of your garage to multiple warehouses. ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating tasks. Plus, you'll get the best shipping rates from global carriers. Calm the chaos with the shipping software that delivers. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.