
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit Chem Dry dot com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit Chem Dry dot com today.


Hey Kristen. How's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, It's tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%. Vans down 1.7, Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Tracking Always know your car's worth with Carvana Value Tracker.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 T's and C's apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


Yeah, Donald Trump is spiraling right now. On Sunday, he's calling for military tribunals against former President Obama. That's what Donald Trump's posting on his social media right now. A meme with a photo of him sitting next to former President Obama, and it says, all roads lead to Obama RET truth. If you want public military tribunals, this is coming from his official account. Donald Trump then also posts this weird meme of him from an account called Spiritual Street Fighter, which is a Q Anon death cult account. And it's a weird meme of Donald Trump holding a sword. Mind you, it's after he posted that he wants to see public military tribunals of Obama, and it says, blind justice under the law will return to our republic.


When I say this as a Q Anon account that Donald Trump is reposting, which is an actual death cult. Go and look at the account like I do Spiritual Street Fighter 17. It says, I believe in Q, the Great Awakening and holding the line. And then it has the Q Anon slogan, WW G one WGA exclamation point where we go one, we go all, it's a literal Q Anon death cult account that the president of the United States is posting. So if you're wondering why is it that a credit agency like Moody's is downgrading the United States credit score? It's 'cause we literally have a psychopathic madman right now running the country and making posts of Q Anon death cults, and calling for military tribunals against a former president.


While the corporate media just wants to propagandize Donald Trump's trip to the Middle East and pretend that this guy's actually doing deals when he's literally ripping apart the very fabric of the United States of America and trashing the United States Constitution. Donald Trump then posts all of these posts right after each other post, after post, after post this morning, there's another post where he goes, we are taking back our great country, another post from this spiritual street Fighter 17 account. Then Donald Trump reposts this thing from Patriot Lady, which says, why haven't they raided James Comey's house in the middle of the night and arrested him?


So Donald Trump is reposting accounts calling for James Comey, Trump's former FBI director to be raided and arrested in the middle of the night. Trump also, all these again, post, post, post I'm, there's about 10 other posts I'm not going to show you because you get the point. But he's been posting all of these this morning. Donald Trump then posts this person that says with this like weird selfie of this guy, actual post from Donald Trump. It says, the term 86 was used by gangsters when they wanted someone disposed of or murdered, take them eight miles out and bury them six feet under. If you've ever worked in a restaurant, the term 86 means to like get rid of the trash.


It means like you kick somebody out. I mean, it doesn't mean to actually kill somebody, but that you're still on. And by the way, all of these MAGA people in the past have postings saying 86, this person, 86, that person, and now the former FBI director James Comey, posted a photo of seashells that said 86 47. And y'all are making this like the main thing you talk about and whine about. Because inherently, not only is MAGA just a dangerous movement, it is a whiny, it is a bunch of babies, no offense to to babies. Oh, and then Donald Trump posts this photograph of New York Attorney General Letitia James this morning, and he writes a sick and horrible woman who also happens to be grossly incompetent.


And then before he went to sleep last night, if he even did, he posted this video of himself. But here's a photo of what he posted, like holding a guitar and playing an, this is an AI image of himself. So after Donald Trump attacked Bruce Springsteen, 'cause Bruce Springsteen criticized Donald Trump selling out the working class and destroying factories and destroying American jobs and shilling for the billionaire class that Mar-a-Lago that Donald Trump is part of. Donald Trump has this Bruce Springsteen complex. So he's posting that. There's about 10 more posts like that. You get the point. So when I say Donald Trump is spiraling, I wanna just give you the objective exhibits.


None of this will be covered at all on corporate media. If you, and I'm sure you don't even watch 'em anymore, any of the morning shows, don't even reference that they're talking about, did you think that Biden was this? Did you think that Biden, that's what they're talking about. Hello? I would say that on any given day, if we were talking about cognitive stuff, Donald Trump does 30 things that have me far more concerned than any illa of a thing I saw when Biden was in office. And why are we talking about that? Anyway, Donald Trump is engaged in a hostile takeover of our democracy. He's out there taking bribes from the Qataris. He's out there crashing our economy.


They're out there trying to do this tax bill that's going to give trillions in tax cuts for the billionaires and take away people's Medicaid. You, You know what the commander in chief, by the way, should be talking about right now. Instead of all of these posted, all of these posts that he's making, these Q Anon posts, there have been, what, close to 20, right around 20 deaths in Kentucky, Indiana, Missouri, and Illinois right now, from horrific tornadoes and storms. You'll recall Donald Trump previously denied FEMA aid to Kentucky, to Arkansas, to Georgia, to North Carolina, to other states that needed it. And one of the things that we've now learned, and I'll do a whole other video on this, is that Doge has ripped apart, You know, as You know, the National Weather Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who help predict the forecast.


So people in Kentucky were not even getting the forecast of these tornadoes and these storms until about 20 minutes to 30 minutes before the storms hit. I, I truly blame Donald Trump for those deaths. And maybe corporate media does they wanna talk about Biden. Donald Trump, just in my opinion, murdered at least 16 to 20 people, and he doesn't even talk about it. By the way, has he mentioned once, other than one time when he was prompted and didn't know what the hell he was even talking about, the troops who died in Lithuania, the troops who died at the, in New Mexico when Trump sent them to the border so he can make some propaganda statement to Mexico. Does he mention that ever? No.


They actually have a gag order that the military is not allowed to talk about deaths and casualties in the Red Sea in connection with America's war against Yemen. Did You know that? That they actually have a gag order. You're not allowed to mention any type of casualties as all at at all. By the way, this morning you have Cash Patel, the FBI director and Dan Bonino, the deputy FBI director, these are the two people who now lead the FBI. They were right wing conspiracy theorists, nutbag, who ran like nut nutbag right wing podcasts and spread conspiracies and lies. These are the people running the FBI.


They were both interviewed together. They had a dual interview for Maria Bar Roma, and they were asked, so did Jeffrey Epstein really kill himself or was someone else involved in it? Let me show you what their answer is. Play this Clinton, You said Jeffrey Epstein committed suicide. People don't Believe it. Well, I mean, listen, they have a right to their opinion, but as someone who has worked as a public defender, as a prosecutor who's been in that prison system, who's been in the Metropolitan Detention Center, who's been in segregated housing, You know, a suicide when you see one, and that's what that was, He killed himself. You again, you want me To get I've, I've, I've seen the whole file.


He killed himself. I know it's hard work. Okay. Okay. By, by the way, it's right wing people like you who were saying a very different thing before. And also, where are the Epstein files? Where are they release them? Didn't you say you were gonna release them? What, a hundred days ago? 120 days ago? Wasn't that one of the promises? Oh wait, Donald Trump was best friends with Epstein. So now you don't wanna talk about that anymore. You don't want to mention that, by the way. I think it's important that we, as, when I do this analysis, I kind of reflect where people are getting their news from in general as well. Like take a look right here.


One of the things I was telling you is that this Trump budget bill, remember I said it was going to fail in the budget committee before it ended up failing. I said, they don't have the votes in the budget committee. MAGA Mike doesn't have the votes because the MAGA Republicans want to see more cuts to Medicaid than are even being made right now. They basically want it totally gone. And right now it's only like 13 million people will lose their healthcare. But other MAGA republicans wanna see everybody basically lose their healthcare. They want more than $880 billion in cuts to Medicaid.


So just take a look at this. There's a speed feature on something called Ground News, which is the research tool I use. It's called Blind Spot. And it says, Trump's big bill faces Next hurdle in Congress as GOP conservatives warn, they may not vote for it. So this was earlier in the week. Take a look at this. This was being reported 40 terms of the amount of coverage left wing. Our left wing media reported on a 43% of the time, quote unquote, center Media reported on a 57% of the time, not a single right wing outlet was reporting on this because they viewed that as, oh, if we report anything negative on Donald Trump, then he's gonna get mad at us. And then what ended up happening, the bill failed. And it's one of the big disasters that Donald Trump is dealing with right now that his quote unquote big, beautiful bill is a massive disaster. Remember, we're heading towards another issue where if they don't raise the debt ceiling, America's going to default on its debt, which has already been downgraded by Moody's. We're approaching that deadline again. We're approaching another government shutdown deadline again. And the MAGA republicans are absolutely doing nothing. That's why I think it's important that you use these research tools. The way I do 'em, the one I just use there is called Ground News. It's my favorite research tool. And I think it's essential nowadays to kind of see through any double standards in the current media ecosphere. Here's what you gotta do. Go to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code. We're giving our viewers 40% off ground News's top tier vantage plan, which will get you unlimited access to everything I've shown you and more. Again, I think Ground News is essential nowadays. It's subscriber funded, so they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias. Subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep the media transparent. Go to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code and get that 40% off Ground News, top tier vantage plan. Thank you. Ground News,


speaking of trying to understand what's going on in right wing and left wing echo chambers. You take a look here. What treasury secretary Scott Besant said this morning on Meet the Press when he was asked about accepting luxury planes from Qatar, from Donald Trump accepting these luxury planes from Qatar. He said, actually, what we should realize is that it's Biden's fault. Biden wanted the Jets. So now they're blaming Biden for the Qatari jet to Donald Trump bribes. Huh? Okay, play this clip, Sends the wrong message, it sends the wrong message and raises concerns ethically, raises concerns constitutionally and about security.


Why is it appropriate for the president to accept a $400 million jet from Qatar? Well, it's not the president except it would be the United States government. And Senator Mullins said this weekend that the talks had actually begun under the Biden administration. So, but Kristen, what I can tell you is I think this is a off ramp for many in the media not to acknowledge what an incredible trip this was, that President Trump has brought back trillions of investments in the United States. Every stop we made that the, the enthusiasm in, in Saudi Arabia, in Qatar, in the United, a Arab Emirates to invest in the United States, that they want to push more and more the funds here.


And if we go back to your initial question on the Moody's downgrades, who cares? Qatar doesn't. Saudi doesn't, UAE doesn't. They're all pushing money in. They wanna, they've made 10 year the, they've made 10 year investment plans. So this administration, we're doing peace deals, trade deals and tax deals And just very, One of the things that best sent also tried to claim is that this is no different than the Statue of Liberty. If you don't know the differences between America getting the Statue of Liberty, which Congress passed a resolution and America helped fund and Donald Trump getting a 7 47 jet to use for a hypothetical library so he can ride his billionaire friends around it.


If you don't know the difference between that, and by the way, none of the media ever pushes back when Besson says that goes, You know, the, the Statue of Liberty, there was a congressional resolution on it, number one. And number two, America also helped with a lot of the funding on it. Not, I mean, France did most of it, but America was involved in it. And it's not like a jet that America, what are you even talking about? You're saying him getting the jet is like the statue of, isn't that just offensive at, at his most basic level here he is as well. When he's, when he's asked by Kristen Welker, what do you say to some Republicans who say the Qatari jet sends the bad signal. He goes, it's just a gift to America. It's a gift to America, your It to keep that plane in his presidential library after.


But what do you say to some Republicans who argue it sends a message that the United States can be bought or, or that other countries can curry favor if they offer gifts? I, I, I say that the gifts are to the American people, these trillions of dollars of investments that are going to create jobs in the us whether it's the UAE building, this gigantic aluminum plant in Oklahoma, whether it's these data centers that Qatar is the going to do is 600 billion on its way to a trillion from Saudi that it all accrues to the American people. All right, secretary And finally, treasury, treasury secretary Scott Bessant is asked, well, what are you gonna do?


You haven't done 90 deals in 90 days. You really haven't done any deals. You did something with the United Kingdom. It's not a deal. It literally says on the bottom, this is not a binding deal. And all you did was give preferential treatment to Jaguar Land Rover and Rolls Royce. So that's not even a deal. China wasn't a deal. You reached a consensus where America caved and gave up and bent the knee to Xi Jinping and just dropped the tariffs from 145% to 30% without getting any concession. So a deal that is not, so you haven't done any deals in 90 days. So what are you gonna do, Bessant? That's how I would've asked the question. Walker didn't ask it that way, but here's what Besson says. Anyway, play this clip. President Trump, while he was on the foreign trip, said that countries should expect letters from you from Secretary Lutnick saying this is what the tariff rate is going to be.


Mr. Secretary, does that effectively mean that these negotiations with other countries are over? And how high should they expect tariffs to go above 10%? This means that they're not negotiating in good faith. They are going To get a letter. The saying here, here is the rate. So I would expect that everyone would come and negotiate in good faith. You expect that rate though, that you would slap on any country that you think is not negotiating in good faith to be above 10%? Well, I think that it would be the April 2nd level. Some countries where that's 10%, some were substantially higher. And the negotiating leverage that President Trump is talking about here is if you don't want to negotiate, then it will spring back to the April 2nd level.


I have to ask you about the war in, Oh, so what you're saying is you're gonna do what you did on April 2nd, you're just gonna now send letters versus do it in abort, and you're just gonna impose what the tariffs are gonna be on the countries. Doesn't that sound exactly what you did on liquidation or great recession day, which you called Liberation Day. You haven't been able to do any deals yet with anybody? No. Nobody wants to do any real deal with you because you don't negotiate in good faith. You've ripped apart existing deals. And all these other countries are like, You know what, we're just, there are a bunch of clowns over there. They're clown negotiators. No offense to clowns. So we'll just, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll just wait this, we'll just wait this thing out.


Take a look. Here's what MAGA Mike Johnson has to say though when he's asked about, and, and this just shows you how sociopathic they are. This was this morning. So MAGA Mike Johnson is asked, well, what do you think about Moody's downgrading America's credit score? What, what do you think about that? To which MAGA Mike says, oh, I, I agree. That's why we're doing this big tax bill. Moody's literally downgraded it based on the tax bill adding $6 trillion to the deficit. But do you see how he is like, oh, that that's why we're doing this tax bill. The tax bill is the reason why Moody's downgraded it. Play this clip. All right, quickly, wanna ask you about Moody's on Friday for the first time in a century, they downgraded the US government's AAA rating.


They say an increase in government debt and interest payment ratios, quote, that are significantly higher than similarly rated sovereigns. Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer says it should be a wake up call to your party. He says, you're hell bent on a multi-trillion dollar tax cut for the ultra Wealthy. Your response, It, it's just utter nonsense. It's just like Chuck Schumer to create a crisis and then point fingers of blame. This is the Biden spending spree that got us in this mess. Moody's is not incorrect, but that's why that emphasizes the very need for the legislation. We're talking about historic spending cuts. I mean, this will help to change the trajectory for the US economy and send that message of stability to our allies and even our enemies around the world.


America is back. President Trump's one big, beautiful bill will be passed, and that will be the key to turning this thing around. We have To get this done. And it just shows more of the urgency of why we're doing exactly what we're doing with the legislation. Well, A rare 10:00 PM And by the way, Moody's downgraded our credit for the first time since 1917 when the, when the company was formed, when Moody's was first, was, was first formed. One more clip I wanna share with you from this morning, Marco Rubio is asked about the preferential treatment being given to white africaners under Donald Trump's claim that they're experiencing a genocide.


There isn't a genocide taking place in South Africa against white people, but the, but Trump says they're all getting massacred. So Marco Rubio was asked, well, why are you giving preferential treatment to white africaners to come to America versus o other groups? And You know, also you're treating, You know, the Cubans for Trump and the la and Latinos for Trump, and Venezuelans for Trump. You're sending them to concentration camps and back to Maduro or back to Castro. How do you justify that here at play? This clip, The administration that has prioritized bringing some white South Africans africaners to the United States, despite the increased restrictions on refugees. President Trump claims there's a genocide underway in South Africa.


That's a legal determination. The State Department would make it. Are you trying to determine that? Now I would determine that these people are having their properties taken from them. You can, they can call it whatever they want, but these are people that on the basis of their race are having their properties taken away from them and their lives being threatened and in some cases killed. These are people that applied and made these claims in their applications and seek to come to the United States. And in search of, of refuge, I, we've often been lectured by people all over the place about how the United States needs to continue to be a beacon for those who are oppressed abroad. Well, here's an example where we're doing that. So I don't understand why people are criticizing it. I think people should be celebrating it, and I think people should be supporting it.


In fact, well, is there evidence of a genocide that you Have there? Many claim they're in favor? I think there's evidence, absolutely, that people have been murdered, that people have been forcibly removed from their properties, both by the government in some cases because of a law they passed, but also because of independent groups encouraged by political parties inside of south, inside of South Africa. So listen, to move here from half a world away and leave behind the only homeland you've ever known, that's not something people do lightly. These people are doing it for a reason. So we welcome 'em to the United States, and I think there may be more coming soon. And that's why I said that this is a regime of sociopaths, an Idiocracy sociopathic, malignant narcissistic mess.


There you have, and let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Job midas touch.com.