
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu Dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington, I told you so.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis X.com.


It did not go well for Donald Trump's top trade representative Jameson Greer, who testified on Capitol Hill for two days under oath. The first day before the United States Senate, the second day before the House of Representatives, he spent a day and a half justifying and making every excuse in the book for Donald Trump's tariffs against the world, the cockamamie formula, using deficits to calculate reciprocal tariffs which weren't actually reciprocal. Tariffs testifying under no circumstance ever. And I mean, ever will there be a pause on any of these tariffs we are all in. If there's 10% inflation, no pause if millions of jobs get lost, no pause.


And then on day two of his testimony before the House of Representatives, you literally see him getting a text message or a Google alert on his phone. And he has this oh crap moment where he finds out that Donald Trump reversed course on every country other than China. And then Donald Trump essentially paused all of the tariffs against the world, precisely what Jameson Greer testified would never happen. And also because Jameson Greer's the top trade representative. This would be like the decision that he makes or should be involved in. And he was finding out that Donald Trump basically made a tweak or a social media post.


And on that basis, the entire tariff policy shifted. In a moment, an entire realignment of United States trade policy took place. And Jameson Greer, the trade representative, was finding out in the hearing, this is the chaos of the Trump regime. So that naturally on day two, the Democrats pounced and they were asking trade representative Greer, you didn't know about that. You've just spent two days testifying this would never happen, and now that's happening. Explain that to us. And Jamison Greer's like, oh, well I, I'm reading the post and I Think that this is actually really smart because there's no depths to the excuses and depravity that they won't justify when it comes to Donald Trump.


So let's talk about what went down. So first you have Democratic Senator Mark Warner. This is day one when Greers before the Senate and Senator Mark Warner just goes off on Jameson Greer saying, why the hell are you, why the hell are you Taring Australia, our ally, when there's a surplus that we have in trade with Australia? That makes no sense under your Khomeini Greek formula Play this clip. There is a trade. We already have a free trade agreement, we have a trade surplus. So getting the least bad, why didn't they get whacked in the first place? We're Addressing the $1.2 trillion deficit, the largest in human history that President Biden left us with.


We should be running up the score in Australia. Ban our Ban, our answer the question on Australia. They ban our people. We have a trade surplus with Australia. We have a free trade agreement. Why? They are a incredibly important national security partner. Why were they whacked with a tariff Senator? Despite the agreement they ban our beef, they ban our pork, they're getting ready to impose measures on our digital company is With, with your Greek letter formula, the fact that we have a trade surplus, We have a global tariff on everywhere we're trying to address the $1.2 trillion deficit. I Think That answer That Biden left Us with, sir. I Think that answer, sir, you are a much smarter person than that answer. The idea that we are gonna whack friend and foe alike and particularly friends with this level is both, I Think insulting the Australians, undermines our national security and frankly makes us not a good partner going forward.


The lack of trust from friends and allies based upon this ridiculous policy that goes into full effect at midnight tonight is extraordinary. Next, you have Democratic Senator Maggie Hassen, and she says to Jameson Greer, what if inflation was 10%? Would you still keep these tariffs on here, Play this clip? Well, sales tax is increasing prices for families. It's also causing huge losses in Americans retirement savings, ambassador Greer with the administration reversed course, if the president's tariffs led to 10% inflation, Senator, the, the president is fixed in its purpose.


This, this trade deficit and the offshoring and loss of manufacturing jobs is something that's persistent for too long and it, and it's dangerous. I understand your justification for the policy even though there are some very contradictory justifications coming out of the administration. But my question is, what's the inflation rate where you guys would reverse course 10% inflation that I just asked you about that is higher inflation than we saw at the peak of the Covid economic crisis. But you aren't gonna say here today that you would reverse course even if you created inflation as high as we had at the peak of the Covid economic crisis. I Think the most serious inflation we saw was on, was during the Biden administration.


When we did tariffs in the first term, inflation went down. I I just don't, it's, it's not going to be a one-to-one inflation about how much money you're putting into the supply. It's Not about products. Well, let's just be really clear that the Trump administration is here today to say that even if inflation hits Americans pocketbooks at 10% because of these tariffs, then the Trump administration is still gonna go charging ahead. So ambassador, would the administration reverse course if the president's tariffs caused a 50% stock market crash, which would hurt Americans' retirement savings even more than they've been hurt in the last 10 days or so? Senator? The the fundamentals of the economy are so strong. We had 228,000 jobs last month.


We have, you know, 9,000 additional manufacturing drops from The month before. So again, your your answer is even if the stock market crashes 50%, which is how much the stock market crashed in the Great Recession, you're not gonna say here today that you would reverse course even if you crashed the stock market and harmed retirement savings as drastically as happened during the Great Recession in 2007. Senator, your hypotheticals are, are not consistent with the history we've seen with the use of tariffs. My hypotheticals are based on the fact that a lot of Americans are looking at their 4 0 1 ks today and wondering how much of a lifestyle change they are going to have to have or whether they're gonna be able to retire when they plan to, because of the recklessness and haphazard nature of the Trump administration's in position of tariffs.


Nothing was thought out about this. This has been a haphazard incompetent effort and it's showing. Thank you Mr. Chair. Next up you have Democratic Senator Cortez Mastro and he or she talks about what are you doing to impact the negative impact on international tourism right now? What are you doing to deal with that here, Play this clip. So What are doing impact About, what are you doing about the impact of international tourism and, and now these blanket tariffs having a negative impact? What, what are you doing to address that? The whole sentence Senator said that we need to get away from government spending as funding our economy and financialization and we need to move to real goods and services, including the tourism you're talking about.


It's incredibly Important. Whatcha you doing to impact the negative impact of tourism right now? Well, one thing I'll say is we can't have the status quo, right? I keep hearing that we should have, essentially what I'm hearing is we should have the status quo. We should keep the $1.2 trillion trade deficit that Biden left us with. I'm asking you, I don't think that's adequate. What are you doing in this administration to address now the impact that you're having with these blanket tariffs, not targeted tariffs, blanket tariffs on international tourism. That is a big impact of our economy. What are you doing to address that? Well, Senator, as we're talking to all of these countries, we are talking about services. We are talking about making sure that, you know, we can export services to other countries. A lot of those that we export are, you know, We have digital services, well let, they only have so much time and apparently you're not.


So here's what I would like. 'cause you haven't thought about this and the administration hasn't really thought about it because I haven't heard anybody talking about tourism. So why don't you come talk to me in my office and let's talk about and put a plan together because these blanket tariffs are having an impact on, on tourism in this, in, in my state and across the country. Senator, I'm happy to talk. So instead of just defending it, why don't you just come sit down with us, some of us, and try to address the concerns that we are seeing and feeling in our states that this administration has not taken into account. I'm happy to come speak with you. Thank you, Senator. Next up you have Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren saying, okay, so what you are saying is that if 700,000 a million Americans lose their jobs, you're gonna keep these tariffs.


You're gonna support 'em. Play this clip. Ambassador Greer. We lost 700,000 jobs each month in the last recession. If 700,000 Americans lose their jobs, will the Trump administration suspend these tariffs? Senator, I Think the, the economists who are making these projections who often are, are in favor of fully unfettered free trade, are the same ones who said in the first Trump term, Mr. Tariffs, Mr. I, something's gonna happen. Senator, lemme stop you there. I'm not asking about projections. I'm asking if the numbers show that 700,000 people have lost their jobs because of these new tariffs that Trump has slapped on.


Will the administration reverse course senator and lift those tariffs? S Senator? That's not going to happen. We've lost 5 million manufacturing jobs over the years, which is the number I'm most worried about, and we have to get those jobs back. So I take that as a note. Next up you have Democratic Congress member Lloyd Doggett, and he or he really kind of just drives home this point to Jamison Greer about the way our economy functioned for 50 years and why America was benefiting under the trade policy as it always existed. Play this clip. The United States has run trade deficits for 48 straight years during which time the US economy has grown by 255% in real terms that these decades of trade deficits have corresponded with increases in American wealth and household incomes that far exceed the progress in Canada, China, and the European Union.


Do you think that this growth in American wealth as a result associated with deficits is something that constitutes an a national emergency? The giant and massive persistent trade deficit that Biden left us with is an emergency. It's not like the small deficits from the sixties when we had auto workers here making production. We've offshore all this stuff, Mr. Daga, and, and we are really in an emergency situation and we're not passing My time. We seem to have done much better than in the Gilded age, which the president prefers. I would just say that on the eve of his inauguration, the president promised to bring prices drastically down. And there's nothing that you've said in your answers are nonw to me today that will give Americans any assurance to believe anything other than that their prices will continue to soar and their savings will continue to shrink the president's lies continue to cause the American cost, the American people dearly.


I yield back Going back to Democratic Senator Cortez Mastro. Watch this. Be Intellectually honest. Now let me just ask this because this is also true and I I so appreciate my Senator Langford asking this time matters. How long did it take to negotiate that agreement, the U-S-M-C-A that you were part of, of we did it at breakneck speed. We did about two years, two years. And now you're telling us you have nearly 50 countries coming to you, approaching you to enter into negotiation and you think that you can do that overnight. India, man, you, you, you're pretty superhuman here if that's the case. So let's be realistic. That's all we're asking. Common sense.


Then you have Democratic Senator Cantwell. He or she is Washington State Senator, Play this clip Questions for members. But you can see all my colleagues, we are thoughtful people with specific issues about our constituencies. I just met with raspberry growers. Their concerned, they wanna know if they're gonna get an some, you know, seat on a council so they can have their issues heard. I'm portrayed, I represent trade, I represent a trade economy. I represent the success of what innovation and trade gets you. But you're coming here this morning with this not only tanking of the market and four oh ones. Now you're coming here telling me that tariff is the tool. And I'm telling you, innovation is the tool you are telling us in your testimony.


You want a tariff on semiconductors. I'm saying that the last administration and this organization here passed the Chips and Science Act so we could reshore tariff so we could res semiconductors here in the United States. So you're not going to win the innovation economy by taring semiconductors and reshoring that I don't know what you think.


Do you know if Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US With thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, Fast Growing Trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast Growing Trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from Fast Growing Trees and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all. Doesn't matter. Fast Growing Trees has over 6,000 plants that fit any space. From indoor plants to fruit trees to full-size privacy trees and more Fast Growing Trees has plant experts on call. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving. This spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-S at checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com code Midas. Now is the perfect time to plant use Midas to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


Next up on day two, you have Democratic Congress member Tom Swazi right here. Here's what he's gotta say, Play this clip. I Feel like you're in a very bad position here. This whole idea that this president made this switcheroo on you while you were in the middle of testifying here today. I feel, I actually feel bad for you. No, I I but I really feel bad for the American people that are seeing these things happen. There's no plan. I mean, that's my big concern. I know there's goals. I wanna see manufacturing brought back to America, or at least I wanna see jobs that pay more money so we can rebuild our middle class in America. I'm, I'm for that. I'm for holding China accountable and holding our adversaries accountable. I'm for tariffs in, in select specific places, but right now there's no, all we know is prices are going up, we're pissing off our allies.


And the stock market went down dramatically. It's gone up dramatically today. The market manipulation con question by Mr. Horford is a very real concern that we are gonna have to dig into a little bit. Who's benefiting from these wild fluctuations down, wild fluctuation up. We're still way down. We need a plan to accomplish the objectives that I know that you genuinely believe in, which is to try and recreate the middle class here in the United States of America. That on my side of the aisle, we all believe in that we have to recreate the middle class in America. And he's so right. Just flipping the policy, did you even know Jamison Greer anything about this? And Democratic Congress member Steven Horford brings the point home as well.


Let's Play this clip. Mr. Trade representative, are you aware that the tariff have been paused? I am, yes. When, when, when were you made aware of that? Well, I understood the decision was made a few minutes ago in some sitting here under discussion, Sitting here under discussion. So did you know that the, that this was under discussion? And why did you not include that as part of your opening remarks? So Typically what I don't do is divulge the contents of my discussions present. What are the details of the pause? Well, my understanding is that because so many countries have decided not to retaliate, we're gonna have about 90 days. No, no, excuse me. You, you, we are the China increased their tariffs on the United States.


Trump blinked. What's the blink, sir? What do you know about this pause? What are the details of it? Well, the details as I understand it, is that China continues to retaliate other countries didn't retaliate the president two or three days ago said we wanted to negotiate with those countries that asked for that, asked for meetings. That's what we're doing. What are the Details? How long is the pause? How many days, how many weeks? I I understand it's 90 days. I haven't spoken to the president since I've been So the trade representative hasn't spoken to the president of the United States about a global reordering of trade. Yes, I have. I've just been in a hearing with you yet.


He's, but Yet he announced it on a tweet. WTF who's in charge Going back to day one, here's Senator Bernie Sanders also pointing out to Jamon Greer. Like you guys lie about everything you're saying that Canada is causing the fentanyl issues in the United States. Like why, why you have to, to assuming you even wanna do these tariffs. Why does everything, every freaking word gotta be a lie? Senator Bernie Sanders with the win right here Play this clip. President Trump said Mr. Greer, that he had no choice in terms of Canada and I live 50 miles away from the Canadian border.


He had no choice but to bypass Congress and to impose an emergency, 25% tariff on con on Canada to stop quote the massive end quote amount of fentanyl and quote the millions and millions of undocumented immigrants coming from the northern border. Unfortunately, that's a lie. The truth is that the US Customs and Border Protection reported just 43 pounds of fentanyl overseas at the Canadian border last year, representing just two tenths of 1% of the total. Further, he said, among I I he talked about millions and millions of undocument immigrants coming from Canada. In fact, last year there were 24,000 people, not millions and millions.


First question really, we can argue about tariffs, but why does the president have to lie all of the time in order to make his point? So Senator, I I would, I would just refute that when the president is talking about the nature of the emergency, we have, I I mean this very, could you talk a little Closer into The mic, please? Certainly, Senator, I I would just say, you know, I I Think you need to look at, at, at what the president issued in terms of the order for the legal basis for, for what we're doing, right? I mean, the president very rightly hit on this issue of fentanyl migration coming from northern southern borders. And it's a real emergency. Well, look, drugs are a real emergency, two tenths of 1%. You can then argue drugs, illegal drugs come from every country in the world.


If you declare that as an emergency, you're giving the president of the United States unbelievable power. And let me give some credit here to Republican Senator Tom Tillis from North Carolina, although he knows he's gonna be heading into a difficult se senate race. So he's doing this for a reason, let's be very clear. And so he is North Carolina Republican Tillis questioning the US trade Representative Jameson Greer on Trump's strategy. This was of course before Trump changed course within 24 hours. Play this clip. I'm not a trade expert and I'm not gonna question it at this point. I do have a question about at the end of the day, the other thing in management consulting we, we, we like to focus on is this concept of one throat to choke.


In other words, when you're finally taking a look at a strategy, someone has to own it. And you can't say that it's the president or the vice president. So my first question to you in this scenario, the decision maker who decided the Ola prima approach, who has obviously had to have spent time anticipating what we saw in the markets and some of the pushback. I'm, I'm assuming this all got gamed out because because it's a novel approach, it needed to be thought out. Whose throat do I get to choke if this proves to be wrong? Well, Senator, you can certainly always talk to me, but I I won't But you at the tip of the spear. Well, I'm at the tip of the spear for certainly Did you propose the olive prima approach? So I, I, first of all, I would push back senator just a little bit on this.


We've, for now, we've excluded pharmaceuticals and semiconductors. Okay, well, to take a different kind Of approach. Okay, good. Let me get to another question. And We've excluded USMC section 2 32 and 3 0 1. We know particularly section 2 32 is still on aluminum. Section 3 0 1 is Chinese imports where there's no other provider. I, I overheard you say that maybe I thought I heard you say in response to another question that for the near term there won't be any exclusions. Is that true of China? Where they have said the US is unilaterally bullying and completely groundless and they're gonna fight to the end. Are they 2 32 and 3 0 1 tariffs exclusions on the shelves until we get to a reasonable agreement with China?


I'm just trying to answer a question that I have several people in North Carolina asking. So, so the president again, is the final decision maker on all of these things. And he has directed that there not be exclusions or exempt. There will not be any exclusions on steel, aluminum or any products that are only manufactured in China for the foreseeable future until China determines what the end is. 'cause they said they're gonna fight to the end. Again, I'm just trying to communicate yes questions that I've asked. So there will be no exclusions. I won't waste your time asking for 'em. That's the main reason I wanted to ask the question. So again, I'm just trying to get my head around the logic of an Ola prima approach, and I'm waiting to be, I I'm, I'm waiting to see it be successful, but it just seems like we've decided to begin a trade war on all fronts.


And that's okay if the person who thought this through has an answer for why you go after partners that we have a very long story relationship with. I've been seeing memes like this all day. MAGA economics, you see that the economy without tariffs doing much better, the economy with tariffs much lower. But then all the MAGA people like see tariffs work. So wait, our tariffs either the, the greatest thing. But then you say that the fact that tariffs are withdrawn, that's the greatest thing. I mean, didn't you all say that tariffs were gonna make everybody super rich and be great. Y'all remove the tariffs there. There's no consistency with this at all.


You take a look right here. As Dave Wman posts, Trump gets no concessions art of the deal. I destroyed the goal, the global markets, and all I got was this lousy t-shirt. It should be noted too, that while all of this is going on aided and embedded by the Republicans in the Senate, but the Magar Republicans in the House of Representatives, all but three house Republicans voted for the Trump tariffs. The procedural measure as arid writes, which preemptively surrenders congressional power to stop Trump tariffs passed with all Democrats voting no. Every Democrat voted and no for this. You see the vote count here, these MAGA Republican senators supporting it.


So here's how they procedurally engineered and rigged this thing so that there can never even be a vote on, on tariffs and Congress actually claiming its power. So here's Congress taking away its own power. This is what the MAGA Republicans wrote into the budget. You ready? Each day during the period from April 9th, 2025 through September 30th, 2025 shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 2 0 2 of the National Emergencies Act, with respect to a joint resolution terminating a national emergency declared by the president on April 2nd, 2025.


So what that language means is that there's going to be, they're not going to even allow a day to be counted for the issue to be brought up. 'cause they're saying the day doesn't even exist where they can even talk about tariffs. If you wanna talk about kissing the ring, think about what the MAGA Republicans did just there. By the way, how embarrassing for Jamon Greer, what went down there. We'll keep, keep you posted every step of the way. I just wanted to give you the full context of that hearing. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. You by This me drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.