
Donald Trump just posted on his social media the following. Think of it. I am leading all comers by a lot for president of the United States, and I am still under an unlawful gag order. This is not America with an exclamation point. Well, you're a convicted felon. You have been charged with multiple other felonies for stealing nuclear secrets and for leading an insurrection, you were found liable for sexual assault. Your name appears all over the Epstein files and you continue to threaten judges, daughters, prosecutors, family members, judges, whoever, and By. the way I think you mean to say I'm leading all polls.


That's just not true. I'm sick of these narratives also that the corporate media spews take a look at one of the largest national survey sample size polls that was just taken by some of the best data science guys around split ticket and data progress. What it shows in a two person race between Biden and Trump. Biden is actually up plus one when you include everybody else. Kennedy West Stein, Donald Trump is up one. There's been almost no movement at all since the last debate.


There's even been polls that show that Donald Trump's lost more Republican voters than President Biden's lost democratic voters. There was a poll and study from Northeastern University that they do a very prestigious poll and study over there, and they've showed that President Biden's actually retained more of his base than Donald Trump did. And look, I hate talking about polls, but where the media was cherrypicking their polls before. And now when polls suggests the opposite of their narrative, they just spew what Donald Trump says. I just need to call it out. Over and over again. Donald Trump then posts.


I can't believe that I'm, this is another one. He's just whining. He goes on his social media to whine over and over again. He goes, I can't believe that I'm still under an unconstitutional gag order by a judge who truly hates Trump. So totally unfair. The whole system is rigged. The whole system is rigged. Yes, president Biden rigged a system so the Department of Justice would prosecute President Biden's own son and convict him on felony counts. What a rigged system that is. And meanwhile, as part of this whole rigged system, you are granted absolute immunity by Supreme Court justices who you put in place who say that you can do whatever you want.


250 years of American democracy be damned. 2 49 be damned. We're gonna have kings back here in the United States. So explain to me the way, way this rigged system works, By the way, as you scroll down through Donald Trump's page, you get ads like this. Trump advises you to read between the lines. There's a little known IRS strategy that allows Americans to protect their retirement savings in any market. See more Donald Trump also posts. I'm not gonna read all of this stuff because it just post after post after post, but I just wanna show you how not normal this is. Donald Trump goes crazy.


Nancy Pelosi is more of a cognitive mess than sleepy, than sleepy crooked Joe. She also suffers from a terminal case of TDS Trump Derangement syndrome. She's a total nut job who impeached me twice and lost. Now I see her going around barely saying that I barely, and saying that I am a threat to democracy. No, this is just radical left disinformation. I mean, look, is, is this what corporate media wants? Does corporate media want, should President Biden, when you have these celebrities come out against him, or you know other people come out against him, should President Biden go out and go like, nut bag so and so is a whack job.


Who should be removed from Hollywood immediately? Hence forth. This is a fake news. Someone has TJS Terminal Joe syndrome. I mean, is is that what they want? Because I'll tell you what I would actually prefer in the President of the United States. I'd prefer someone who says things like this. we can and will defend every inch of NATO territory, and we'll do it together as there's a NATO summit taking place in Washington DC to commemorate the 75th anniversary of nato where NATO has never been stronger in its history.


Its welcomed new members as a result of President Biden's foreign policy. President Biden writes, NATO will not be surpassed by anyone when it comes to our readiness. For 75 years, allies have prospered behind the NATO shield. Now we have to ask, what is next? How can we further strengthen that shield? One answer must be to modernize our defense production President Biden Post. When the senseless war began, Ukraine was a free and independent country. Today, it is still a free and independent country, and this war will end with uca, with Ukraine remaining a free and independent country President Biden also posting when this senseless war is posting.


We recently learned that communities left behind by trickle down economics and further left behind by my predecessor, have been creating new jobs and opening new businesses at the fastest pace in decades. The Great American Comeback is alive and well. And this right here is from the Morning newsletter from the New York Times. It says, the American's economy's great comeback continues. This is the kind of thing that we couldn't have even dreamed about five or six years ago. One expert said about changes in some American counties, but in this article from New York Times, and I'm not making this up, they said, this is why this will be bad for President Joe Biden.


So they act like in the past three years, all of the booming jobs in communities that have been suffering, they just sprung up out of nowhere. And they go, but President Biden won't get the credit for it.


As many of you may know, I just got married and I plan on expanding my family with more responsibility stacking up. I want to make sure my family will have the protection that fits our needs. Now I'm grateful that I have policy genius by my side. Policy genius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. That's why I love it. With Policy genius. You can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius helps you easily compare your options from America's top insurers in just a few clicks. Their award-winning agents can even walk you through the process step by step. PolicyGenius has no incentive to recommend one insurer over another so you can trust their guidance. Your work life insurance policy may not offer enough protection that your family needs. Even worse, it may not come with you if you leave your job. So please get the peace of mind that you need by finding the right life insurance with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com/midas or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/midas. One more time. Go to policygenius.com/midas and I think you'll see why I trust PolicyGenius policygenius.com/midas.


I mean, look, he's put through the Inflation Reduction Act, the Infrastructure Act, the PACT Act, the CHIPS act. He's developed a bottom up middle out economy. He's worked for the middle class and the workers. He's supported unions actually standing on the picket lines with union workers. And this has resulted in a manufacturing boom, a semiconductor boom, an infrastructure boom. And yeah, I mean, at some point when you have President Biden succeeding in these areas, he should get credit for certain things, more posts from President Biden talking about actual policy. But Donald Trump says you want an official don't tread on MAGA flag.


It's limited edition. It's some of the most desired merch in Trump history. The offer expires. So I click on it, $1,000 for the MAGA flag, $500 for the MAGA flag over and over again. And let me just show you MAGA governing or lack thereof. So President Biden's been trying to call Governor Abbott in Texas after the hurricane to help them with their power grid to provide federal resources. Governor Abbott has not even been in the state of Texas and is refusing to respond. So President Biden called the Houston Chronicle saying he's trying to track down the MAGA governor to get the necessary request to release federal aid, which includes manpower and supplies.


As Fred Wellman says, look, people in Texas are resorting to using the what A Burger app to see where power outages are because the utility company in Texas can't even tell them. And the government can't be bothered to like govern. Keep voting for the people who got you there, gang. But of course, and this is what we said was gonna happen, the Magar Republicans use their lack of governing and the people suffering as a political prop as part of their performance, cosplay, fascist theater to go, oh, it's all broken and you're suffering. Let's blame the Dems. Let's blame the Libs for that. Let's blame Biden for that.


So Greg Abbott goes, Biden's. Memories failing again. He didn't call me during barrel. He has my number and called me on Memorial Day after tornadoes hit Texas. I've had daily calls with state and local officials during barrel. I spoke with FEMA administration while on our trade mission, but Biden ever called then. Why are people using the what? A burger app. If you're doing your job and you're not, the power grid fails there all the time. It's constant gaslighting and lying all the time. I have not been pleased with MSNBC's coverage recently of anything of anything. But they've done this. This segment that they did is worth showing though, because it is a back-to-back side by side of President Biden speaking at nato and Donald Trump's unhinged rally attacking nato.


These are the kind of contrasts that I think are most important. Play this clip, 1949, leaders of 12 countries, including President Truman, came together in this very room and created the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the single greatest, most effective defensive alliance in the history of the world. I didn't even know what the hell, NATO was too much before, but it didn't take me long to figure it out like about two minutes. And the American people understand what would happen if there was no nato, another war in Europe, American troops fighting and dying. Everybody has a court of water spot. Well, water comes out, you get, they don't have anything from me.


It wasn't inevitable again and again at critical moments, we chose unity over disunion. Sir Chris Christie is not a fat pig. Please remember that he is not a fat pig progress over retreat. I said, no, I will not protect you from Russia. Freedom of overturn you. When people who love our country protest on January 6th in Washington, they become hostages, hope over fear. Let's look at the Jefferson Memorial. Let's look at the Washington Monument. Let's go and look at some of the beautiful scenes and you end up getting shot, mugged, draped. Make no mistake, Ukraine can and will stop Putin.


I had a very good relationship with Putin. We talk about it was the apple of his eye. This is a pivotal moment for Europe, for the transatlantic community, and I might add for the world. Did you ever hear of Hannibal Electric? They always say, oh, that's terrible that Trump would say he is rambling about Hannibal Electric. No, I'm not rambling. Yes. So yes. And quickly says President Trump. Yes. So yes, That was Donald Trump yesterday, Willie wow. At his first, yeah. Wow, wow, wow. At his first campaign rally in nearly two weeks compared to President Biden speaking to world leaders at the NATO summit. It is a contrast.


The, And meanwhile, while all of that's happening, MEIA is out there with her stylist, har Pierre Brailler, who gets paid $18,000 a month working for a purported billionaire's wife, Melania, which gets paid for by, you guessed it, the Trump Save America Pac. That's what's going on people. You see it for yourself. It's clear. I know you get it. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching.