
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today,


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet, just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CPG dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to burri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable, fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to carvana.com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


Just another total meltdown from Donald Trump this morning. Blaming air traffic control problems and massive delays at airports on former President Biden. Yep, we're well over 100 days now into this disastrous Trump regime. And here is what he's posting. Air traffic problems caused by the incompetent Biden administration as headed by, in this case, a total novice and political hack. Pete B, then he puts in caps, I will fix it. Exclamation point. You know, Donald under former President Biden and former transportation secretary Pete Buttigieg, you know what wasn't happening?


Planes weren't crashing frequently. There wasn't these massive, massive delays because air traffic controllers said that they're suffering from trauma as a result of radar shutting off because of the incompetence of your regime. So maybe just act like a leader. I, I know you can't. I know you only know how to behave like a petulant little three-year-old bully. No offense to petulant 3-year-old bullies, but just maybe try to act like an adult and take some level of accountability. You idiot. Oh, and then Donald Trump posts the following. He attacks the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell, who Donald Trump appointed Donald Trump goes quote too late.


End quote. Jerome Powell is a fool who doesn't have a clue other than that I like him very much. Exclamation point, oil and energy weigh down almost all costs. Groceries and eggs down, virtually no inflation. Tariff money pouring into the US the exact opposite of quote too late and quote, enjoy exclamation point. The golden age of America is coming. Now I know a lot of his followers who still support him and they're getting less and less. Their MAGA mush brain cult mindset goes, oh, Donald tells me prices are lower.


We all know that inflation is rising. Why? Because if we go into the grocery store, if we're going to look for cars, if we're going out to buy whatever the products are, we see the prices going up. We know that mortgage rates are going up. We know that housing is less affordable now, not more affordable right now, by the way, we even hear Donald Trump and his treasury secretary, Scott Besson saying that little girls should only be buying one doll and five pencils versus multiple dolls, and they should be paying more for their dolls. And they should stop whining and complaining. That's what the regime is actually saying. We all know that tariffs are bad.


We all can. If we have pensions or 4 0 1 Ks or we, we see that it's going down. We know that we're worse off right now under Donald Trump. So when he goes enjoy. And then the juxtaposition of Donald Trump saying, enjoy. Let them eat cake. While he's out there doing deals with Qatar in the Middle East to build new resorts and doing deals with Saudi Arabia to build resorts in Oman. And he's out there doing deals with the Abu Dhabi fund to put money into his crypto. The Trump families made $2.6 billion in the past 100 days off of crypto schemes and market schemes.


While we, the people are suffering, we know what's going on. That's why Donald Trump's approval is plummeting. Donald Trump is basically straight out of that movie I've been talking about. Don't look up, don't look up as the asteroid is coming. Frankly, little pieces of that asteroid have already of that comment, have already hit the United States. He's saying, don't look up and I'm telling you, look up, look around you. Let's just recognize what the hell is happening in our country and say, this is not America. Damn it. Oh, then Donald Trump posts this today World War II Victory Day, and he posts the statue of the courageous United States soldiers in Iwo Jima.


Donald Iwo Jima is not in Europe. Do do you know what Victory Day signifies do? Do you know Victory Day? It's Victory Day in Europe. You're posting Iwo Jima. Trump does not even have the most basic understanding of anything geopolitics, American history, tariffs, economics, you, you, you, you. You name it like Spencer Ian says, the bottom half of the country, and I would say the bottom half of the country is anyone who's in the 99%, not the 1% or one point, 1.1% of Trump. The bottom half of the country's already in a recession and all Donald Trump is now doing, is announcing gimmicky trade deals.


What would Trump say today? He's doing a trade. He's gonna do a trade deal with the uk, which will lower tariffs on Range Rovers from 25% to 10%, even though it was 0% a month ago. So Donald Trump creates the issue. He's the arsonist, creates a fire across the world, puts out a teeny tiny, tiny one in the uk but doesn't really put it out. Deals with Range Rovers and Land Rovers and then acts like he's done some, some massive deal that's not even a trade deal. Gimmicks after gimmicks, after gimmicks. So I'm reminded of the Trump propaganda during the campaign where the MAGA cult members and the MAGA supporters and MAGA people in general would have their kids go out and they would say how much they wanted Barbies to be cheaper and how Trump was gonna make things cheaper.


Do, do y'all remember? Do y'all remember this? Here, play this clip. What Do you want him to do? What do you want him to say today? I want him, I want him to lower prices and lower the taxes and make Barbies cheaper. Make Barbies cheaper. Yeah. Tell Me more about that. Have they gotten expensive? Yeah. And Polly Pockets, all my favorite toys are so expensive.


You're smart enough to know when something's not working, like when you can't focus at work or when you're dragging by 2:00 PM or when your stomach feels like it's fighting you after every meal. Well, here's the thing, these aren't random symptoms. Your gut impacts everything from your digestion to your brain function to your energy levels. That's why we love Just Thrive probiotic. Unlike other brands that make big promises but fall apart in your stomach. Just thrive is the only probiotic clinically proven to arrive in your gut. 100% alive. For you, that means real results, like better digestion, healthy immunity, and more energy to tackle your day. But don't just take our word for it. Try. Just thrive probiotic for 90 days and see how much better you feel if you don't notice a difference. They'll refund every penny, even if the bottle's empty. Start your 90 day risk-free trial today@justthrivehealth.com and use promo code Midas to save 20% on your first bottle. That's just thrive health.com. Promo code Midas.


So they went from the MAGA pushing that to now Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant wants to clarify what Donald Trump said about the little girls. He wants you to know, though, this is a wrinkle that Treasury secretary Scott Bessant, he goes, even though your little girl's only gonna have $1 and five pencils, she's gonna be happy in the future because we're gonna bring low paying factory jobs like screwing the iPhones together from China. We're gonna bring those jobs to America and your little girls can work in those factories for the rest of her life. Don't you like that? Play this clip. The other thing too is this reporter behind me was quite snarky the other day when President Trump talked about the, the girl do having do two dolls.


And he said, well, what President didn't take the question, but he said, what would you tell that girl? I said, I would tell that young girl that you will have a better life than your parents. That you and your family, thanks to President Trump can now be confident again that you will have a better life than your parents. Which working class Americans had abandoned that idea. Your family will own a home. You will be able to the advance, you will have a good education, you'll have economic freedom. That's what we are advancing. Yeah. The Now, even former vice President Mike Pence has been out there saying, what in the world are these Trump people doing? Y'all are, y'all are killing the economy right now.


And what are you talking about with little girls here play this clip I've been making lately is that maybe children will, will have to make do with fewer toys, fewer dolls. The quote that he had yesterday was, I'm just saying that they don't need to have 30 dolls. They can have three. They don't need to have 250 pencils. They can have five. Do you think the American people buy that argument? I, I have two grown daughters. I have three small granddaughters and look keeping dolls affordable, keeping our kids toys affordable. That really is part of the American dream. I remember recently the Secretary of the Treasury said that cheap goods was not a part of the American dream.


Well, I'm, I'm somebody who spent almost my entire life in public service. We lived in our paycheck while we raised three kids and put three kids through college. Cheap goods are a big part of it and I think we ought to be candid about that. So with All of this going on with Trump harming our economy with our GDP shrinking, you know the MAGA Republicans in the house were focused on all the important things. Today I am being sarcastic. Of course, the US House voted 211 to 206 to approve legislation to rename the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. Now, MAGA republicans refuse to do anything to assert their authority when it comes to things like trade deals and tariffs, which they're constitutionally obligated to do.


Their budget, which They call a big, beautiful deal, is a big, beautiful disaster with MAGA Republicans in the Senate like maga Mike Johnson from Wisconsin saying that there's no chance he's going to support what they're doing in the house and it's dead on rivaled reconciliation. It's good to know that the MAGA Republicans are focused on NA re, the renaming of things. I think there's 12 separate bills as well circulating in the house to rename things after Donald Trump because these MAGA Republican SCO defenses are MAGA Republican SCO defenses. So Donald Trump goes and he talks about this agreement with the United Kingdom. We've reached a comprehensive deal. Look Spencer Kimmey and says it right After four weeks of negotiating with our closest ally, the uk whom we run a trade surplus with, all we were able to accomplish was a continuation of the 10% tariff rate with them.


How are we going to possibly negotiate anything substantive with China, Europe, Mexico, Vietnam, Taiwan, et cetera? The gimmick president is doing gimmicky things and meanwhile, our economy will pay the price for his desire to see himself on tv. Max Kennerly explains Roof will chuckle over how this trade deal will cement the relationship with the United States and the UK for many years to come. We already had a trade deal with the United Kingdom and the other countries too. Trump threw them all out the window. Nobody's going to believe these deals are permanent either. Trump broke, that also Trump's approval. Plummeting and breaking Trump's net approval job rating has dropped seven points since April 15th.


According to the Cook political report's, new political tracker, the European Union launching a WTO World Trade Organization complaint against US tariffs and they're preparing countermeasures on up to 95 billion of euros of US imports in response to US tariffs. While Moscow and Beijing intend to ramp up their cooperation in order to decisively counter us efforts to contain them both. That's where we are right now, folks. We'll keep you posted with more here on the Midas Touch Network. Now hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.