
I wanna be nice. They all say, I think he's changed. I think he's changed since two weeks ago. Something affected him. No, I haven't changed. Maybe I've gotten worse actually, because I get angry. That's Donald Trump saying that he has actually gotten much worse since the shooting. He wants everybody to know that. That was a speech that he gave moments ago in Minnesota, where he is trailing outside the margin of ER to vice President. Kamala, Harris, and one poll. Donald Trump is down 10 in Minnesota, but that's where he is speaking. He bored this crowd with his pathetic rants. Here he is saying, vice President Kamala Harris is evil.


When I play this clip, I want you to watch the people in the background who just seem utterly bored at this pathetic routine by his ear. Play this clip Savage. Criminals to prey on our youth and our people, not just youth. Elderly people too are tremendous targets. Should ever be trusted with power again. She has no clue. She has no clue. She's evil. Then Donald Trump talks about Hannibal Lecter, his late great friend. He's just made up a fictional relationship with a fictional cannibal, and he talks about in all of his speeches here, play this clip Putting from prisons, mental institutions, insane asylums. You know, they go crazy when I mention Dr.


Hannibal Lecter. You know who that was? They say, why does he keep mentioning Hannibal Lecter? Well, you see, he was a slightly troubled patient in an insane asylum, and he'd love to have you for dinner. You right there. He'd love to have you for dinner, but I mentioned him because we have people like that coming into our country. They're closing their insane asylums all over the world. Then Donald Trump wants the crowd to know that he hits golf balls very hard. He says he hits the golf balls really hard. He's not talking about any policy or anything just about him hitting golf balls. Play the clip And I can hit that crap out of the ball. I'm good.


I shoot good scores. And when you win a club championship, that means you can play under pressure. You can ask a lot of the people up there like Brett Bear, Brett Bear's a good golfer. Ask him, can Trump play? Ask a lot of the people. But Yeah, he's out of material. So then he starts talking about Hunter Biden. Play the clip. Oh, where's Hunter? Remember this sign we did. Where's Hunter that became? Remember that one? I said, where's Hunter? The next day, my people are doing shirts. Where's Hunter? That was, that was the big one. He then talks about Vice president Kamala Harris's laugh, and he says that they, the media trying to turn her into Margaret Thatcher.


He then says, Margaret Thatcher's never laughed. I mean, Margaret Thatcher did laugh, but this is what he thinks is part of the stump speech that he should be giving here. Play this clip, And now that she's in this position, they're trying to make her into a, let's say, Margaret Thatcher. I don't think so. It's not gonna happen. Margaret Thatcher didn't laugh like that, did she? Did she laugh? If she did, she wouldn't have been Margaret Thatcher. It's very simple, right? Then Donald Trump talks about how one of the things he wants to do if he were to be elected is he wants to start a fight club with the UFC, and he says he's proposed this to Dana White, the head of the UFC, where professional fighters will Beatdown on migrants as part of a new fight organization.


Play this clip. I told Dana White UFC, do we love Dana White? How good was he at the convention? I said, Dana, I have a great idea. Take your great championship fighters from all over the world, your champions right now, but start another league called it an illegal migrant league And. then take the best of those fighters and let them fight. I believe the migrants will win. I think it's crazy. You know, I told that little sort of a sarcastic joke. The press went crazy with it. He wants to start a migrant league. He wants to start a migrant league. I was gonna, Donald Trump then says that he gets 50,000 people at his rallies and he compares himself to Elvis.


Just so you remember, he previously posts photos of himself saying that he thinks he looks like Elvis, and here's what he says. Play the clip. We're okay, but you know, I have 50,000 people. Elvis didn't have 50, and he had a guitar. I had no guitar. I didn't have the use, sir. Elvis had a guitar. He had a lot. We love Elvis, right? But he had a guitar. I don't have a guitar. Again, these are the rantings and ravings of a lunatic right here. A dangerous lunatic, a weird, very weird person as well. Here, Donald Trump says that the only way he'll lose this election is if people cheat. If they cheat, he says, and again, just more election denying from Donald Trump.


Play the clip. If they don't cheat, we win this state easily. Okay? They cheat. They have no shame. They cheat. Do understand that you crooked people. They're the most crooked. They cheat, they cheated in the last election, and they're gonna cheat in this election, but we're gonna get 'em.


Have you heard of NAD plus? It's a molecule in every cell of your body, and it's critical to aging. Well, NAD plus helps keep us feeling youthful by promoting cellular energy, maintaining healthy DNA, using nutrients efficiently, and supporting detoxification by age 50. Most people's NAD plus levels are only half of what they were at age 20 falling. NAD plus levels is a major reason that signs of aging star two accelerate. Luckily, signs has discovered a way to boost your NAD plus levels up to 50%. It's called Qualia, NAD plus, a groundbreaking supplement from Qualia. Many doctors and health experts over age 30 use Qualia NAD plus themselves, and I'm proud to have them sponsor this episode. NAD plus is a large molecule that struggles to be bioavailable if you supplement it directly. That's why Qualia, NAD plus supports NAD plus the right way by including ingredients called NAD plus precursors that your body can convert into NAD plus to boost your body's own NAD plus production up to 50%. That's great. These are vegan non GMO gluten-free ingredients like niacin, niacinamide, niagen, also known as nr. These are three of the most, well-researched, NAD plus precursors, and all three are in Qualia n nad plus, to maximize your body's NAD plus production, Qualia n nad plus is clinically tested and naturopathic doctor formulated. Look, I want feel decades younger than my actual age. That's why I'm staying at the cutting edge of aging research and boosting my NAD plus levels with Qualia NAD plus after just a month of Qualia, NAD plus, I'm feeling energy support and vitality return that I haven't felt in years. So to boost your N Ad plus levels up to 50%, go to qua of life.com/ Jordy. I love that for up to 50% off and use code JORDY at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's qua of life, spelled Q-U-A-L-I-A-L-I-F e.com/ Jordy. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy and use code Jordy, spelled J-O-R-D-Y for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks Qia for sponsoring this episode.


Donald Trump then talks more about crowd sizes and lies about the crowd sizes. He claims that his New Jersey speech, which had under 10,000 people, had 107,000 people lying. It's already been debunked. He claims his Bronx speech had 20, 30,000 people. Again, didn't had like 2000 people just play this clip. I don't have a guitar, so it would've like 50, 67. You know, we had 107,000 people in New Jersey on the Jersey Shore. Wildwood, New Jersey was beautiful. We had 25,000 people in the South Bronx. He then says that San Francisco is communist, and that vice president, Kamala Harris would turn America into Communist San Francisco.


It's interesting too, is that you ever notice the house prices in San Francisco? I would say that probably the highest in, in all of the country reflecting capitalism, but okay, it's what you wanna say. Play the clip. We're not going to let her turn the United States into Communist San Francisco. You Know? Then Donald Trump talks more about golf, and he claims that in this, in a YouTube video he did with this golfer, Bryson de Shambo of De Shambo that he taught Bryson how to golf And. then he got, Bryson learned a lot about golf from Donald Trump. You play this clip, This one was good.


Did you see I played golf with Bryson Debo. Did anybody see? Played okay? It was good. Won a lot of club championships and, and I'm playing with him. First of all, he's like 29 years old. He hits the ball a mile, but I hit it far also, and we played very good, and it was a break 50. Break 50. That means you have to get 13 birdies and five eagles. That's very tough. The par threes are actually make it the toughest, right? For those of you that are golfers. But I played with 'em. He said, I can't believe how good you are. No, I played good. So what happens? And I was, you know, I helped him a lot, but he does hit the ball like about three 80. It helps.


It helps when you can hit at three 80. He's the longest hit on tour. He just won the US Open. He is a handsome guy. He is a great guy. He loves the people, loves the country. But that became the number one trending thing because Joe Biden, who I, I watched him. I, you know, I'm like, I was always a nice athlete, a really good athlete, but I don't wanna brag. So what happens? Joe Biden challenged me to a round of golf. He challenged me. Trump then calls Jake Tapper, fake tapper, play this clip. Hey, Jake Tapper, fake tapper. But I have to tell you, they were very fair. They, in my opinion, they were very fair.


95% you can't ask for, I was shocked. They, they gained a whole level of respect. I really mean it. CNN, and both of them. They gained a level of respect, right? Don't you think so? I do. I told him that. I called him both up, More name calling from Donald Trump, calling Vice President Kamala Harris, a lunatic, play the clip He's losing, and all of a sudden he's like a fighter. He's losing. Then they took him out of the fight and they put a new fighter. We have a new victim now, Kamala. We have a new victim. We have a brand new victim, and honestly, she's a radical left lunatic. Then Donald Trump says that once you're a criminal, you're always a criminal.


I mean, you're referring to yourself, right? You've been convicted on 34 separate felony counts, and you've been found liable for sexual assault. But here, just play the clip. A criminal is a criminal and they generally stay a criminal, and we don't have time to figure it out. Worth noting as well. There was a major rally in the villages in Florida, which is usually considered conservative, but a rally for vice president Kamala Harris. There, vice President Kamala Harris continues to surge and more posts from JD Vance continue to be unearthed where he refers to his hatred of Cat Ladies, cat ladies, man, they must be stopped.


And other posts like that. That's who these MAGA Republicans are. So tell me what you thought about that rally and that event. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.