
This podcast is supported by FXs English teacher, a new comedy from executive producers of what we do in the shadows and baskets. English teacher follows Evan, a teacher in Austin, Texas who learns if it's really possible to be your full self at your job, while often finding himself at the intersection of the personal, professional and political aspects of working at a high school. FXs English teacher Premier September 2nd on FX Stream on Hulu.


Feel your max with Brooks running and the all new Ghost Max two. They're the shoes you deserve, designed to streamline your stride and help protect your body. Treat yourself to feel good landings on an ultra high stack of super comfy nitrogen infused cushion that takes the edge off every step, every day. The Brooks Ghost Max too. You know, technically they're a form of self-care. Brooks, let's run there. Head to brooks running.com to learn more.


There are many reasons why this Democratic National Convention is becoming Donald Trump's worst nightmare. And one of the main reasons too is you have all of these GOP leaders and former Trump officials who are at the Democratic National Convention and saying that voting for vice President Kamala Harris is the patriotic thing to do on day three of the Democratic National Convention. We heard from Olivia Troy, for example, she was a top Mike Pence advisor and she spoke at the DNC. Let me play for you what she said at the DNC, that it is the patriotic thing to vote for.


vice President, Kamala Harris and end Trumpism once and for all. She worked in the administration. You play the clip. Four years ago, I resigned from the Trump administration as a Republican who dreamed of working in the White House. It was a hard decision, but as an American, it was the right one. I saw how Donald Trump undermined our intelligence community, our military leaders, and ultimately our democratic process.


Now he's doing it again, lying and laying the groundwork to undermine this election. It's his mo, just so doubt and division, that's what Trump wants because it's the only way he wins. And that's what our foreign adversaries want because it's the only way they win. As a national security expert, Latina being inside Trump's White House was terrifying.


But what keeps me up at night is what'll happen if he gets back there? The guardrails are gone. The few adults in the room the first time resigned or were fired. I grew up in the kind of working family that Trump pretends to care about. Conservative Catholic, Texan. July 4th was our most sacred holiday. Those values made me a Republican.


And they're the same values that make me proud to support Kamala Harris. Not because we agree on that reissue, but because we agree on the most important issue, Protecting our freedom. So to my fellow Republicans, you aren't voting for a Democrat, you're voting for democracy.


You aren't betraying our party. You're standing up for our country. Thank you. And by the way, as we highlight here for you, these patriotic Republicans who are denouncing Trumpism and saying to vote for vice President, Kamala Harris at the DNCI would be remiss if I didn't show you this. This was captured right here on the Midas Touch network exclusively where Mike Lindell, the pillow guy who was advising Donald Trump back in 2020 and 2021, how to overthrow the results of the free and fair election.


He shaved his mustache and tried to go undercover at the Democratic National Convention. And he went up to an incredibly talented young individual by the name of Noah and Noah, and he tried to like debate Noah, and he was trying to yell at the 12-year-old Noah. And Noah put him in his place. Watch this, please. No, That's in your state. You wanna know more in your state. You just found 250 provide any source? 257,000 votes. This happened last week. A judge ruled in Georgia that are missing from the 2020 election. This just came out. You're behind. You shouldn't you. So so your source is, trust me, bro, that's your source. You the source.


No, the source that's in your papers in Georgia. You need to read your news. Haven't you haven't given any last name? You need to read your news. No, this is your Georgia News. This have good day, sir. Let's, And that's what the Republican Party has become. It's a sad thing to see that this once proud party has become this Mike Lindell, Donald Trump mutation of its former self.


The best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store. It's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the Moink movement. Today. Moink delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Moink farmers farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Moink meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the Moink difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, Moink gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breast, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Moink is helping save rural America. Join the Moink movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Moink Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Simonov, jumped at the chance to invest in Moink Plus, they guarantee you'll say Oink. Oink. I'm just so happy I got Moink. I know I do, and you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch right now, and listeners of our show, get free hot rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ Midas Touch. That's Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch. One more time. Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch.


So here we have Jeff Duncan, the former Lieutenant Governor of Georgia. Here's Jeff Duncan giving a speech again on day three of the Democratic National Convention. Again, saying the patriotic thing to do if you're, he goes, if you're a Republican, it's not that you're voting for even a Democrat. You're voting for the betterment of the United States of America. And that's a message that's going to resonate with mainstream Republicans and independents. Watch Jeff Duncan, check it out. Evening. I bring greetings from the great state of Georgia. So let's get the hard part outta the way. I am a Republican, but tonight I stand here as an American, an American that cares more about the future of this country than the future of Donald Trump.


My journey started to this podium years ago when I realized Donald Trump was willing to lie, cheat, and steal, to try to overturn the 2020 election. I realized Trump was a direct threat to democracy and his actions disqualified him from ever, ever, ever stepping foot into the Oval Office. Again, I could spend my time revving up this crowd, but I'm certain I don't have to talk anybody out of voting for Donald Trump here. So I'm gonna focus my attention on the millions of Republicans and independents that are at home, that are sick and tired of making excuses for Donald Trump.


If Republicans are being intellectually honest with ourselves, our party is not civil or conservative, it's chaotic and crazy, and the only thing left to do is dump Trump. These days, our party acts more like a cult, a cult worshiping, a feist thug. Look, you don't have to agree with every policy position of Kamala Harris. I don't. But you do have to recognize her prosecutor mindset that understands right from wrong, good from evil.


She's a steady hand and will bring leadership to the White House that Donald Trump could never do. Let me be clear to my Republican friends at home watching, if you vote for Kamala Harris, Kamala Harris in 2024, you're not a Democrat. You are a patriot.


In our family. In our family, my wife Brooke and I are raising three boys, and we have a family motto and it says, doing the right thing will never be the wrong thing. During 2020, during the just the lowest of lows, when we had armed officers outside our house protecting us from other Republicans, Donald Trump had targeted us. My son came downstairs and he handed me this coaster that I'd given him years before at a father son retreat for our church. And he said, Hey, dad, doing the right thing will never be the wrong thing. Stay strong to my fellow Republicans at home that want to pivot back towards policy, empathy and tone.


You know the right thing to do. Now let's have the courage to do it in November. Thank you and God bless you. You know? And then one of the things that I really enjoyed watching as well is this sheriff from Texas. And the sheriff said, you know when Donald Trump lines up behind these cops and tries to act like that's law and order, he stands in front of the cops and the cops stand behind him. He goes, that's bogus. Donald Trump is the opposite of law and order. Let me tell you what law and order really is. Watch this. When Donald Trump comes down to Texas, stands next to officers in uniforms just like mine. He's not there to help us. Don't think that, not for a second.


He is a self-serving man. I mean. Look just like, just like when he killed the border bill, he just made our jobs harder. Now, Kamala, on the other hand, has been fighting border crime for years. She's gone down to Mexico and worked to stop the traffickers. And when the traffickers didn't stop, she put 'em in jail. Now, down in my neck of the woods, we call that fooling around and finding out, I may be paraphrasing a bit. We protectants now the the border sheriffs that I know, right?


And I we're like, Kamala, we protect and serve. We enforce the law, we show compassion, and we fight like hell to protect our border. Because as we've all, we've always known in Texas, Gudo, Lumos s, when we fight, we win. We'll keep you posted with more developments here on the Midas Touch Network. We are close to 3 million subscribers, folks. So hit subscribe. Let's get there together. Thank you so much for watching. Have a wonderful day. I Was proudly the person responsible for the ending of Row v Wade.


I was By my stepfather. After years of at age 12, I took my first pregnancy test and it was positive. That was the first time I was ever told you have options. I can't imagine not having AdChoices. But today, that's the reality for many women and girls across the country because of Donald Trump's abortion bans. And in many Ways it's a beautiful thing to watch. He calls it a beautiful thing. What is so beautiful about a child having to carry her Parents' child?


Ours is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom. Like the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do. We'll move forward. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.