
A new poll just released by Michigan's Detroit News, WDIV, shows that Donald Trump's support in Michigan is 0% among black voters. You heard that right? Of all participants poll Donald Trump has 0% support amongst black voters in the state of Michigan. And of course, Donald Trump recently gave that bizarre speech in a church that he rented out, which he claimed to be a black church, which he filled with his white MAGA supporters. The Trump campaign claimed that there were 8,000 people in a room that only held about 300 people, and 99% of the people there, if not 100% were all white MAGA supporters wearing their MAGA hats.


But Trump claimed that was his big black church event. And this is just showing you that everything Donald Trump does and says is a phony, is a fraud. That's who Donald Trump is. Now, one of the things that's notable as Keith Boykin says, look, this new Michigan pulse shows Trump's black support in Michigan is 0%. Yes, you read that correctly. Trump gets 0% of the black vote against Vice President Kamala Harris and the new Michigan poll. The irony here is that eight years ago, Trump went to Michigan and promised he would win 95% of the black vote by 2020. In the end, he only got 8%. Of course, Trump probably won't get zero black votes, but remember, his black outreach is just fake news and gaslighting.


This was a post from June of 2020 where Donald Trump had previously stated, back in August 19th, 2016, when Trump visited Diamond Dale, Michigan, he claimed that he was going To, get 95% of the black vote. Here's what Donald Trump said, And at the end of four years, I guarantee you that I will get over 95% of the African American vote. I promise you. Yeah. And look, the corporate media buys into these narratives over and over again. But all he does is lie. It's lie after lie.


And we've been covering here on the Midas Touch Network, all of Donald Trump's stunts to try to pretend that he has support in the black community. All of these stunts incredibly offensive and racist. We just talked about the stunt at the black church that he rented out, that he filled with white MAGA supporters. We can talk about how when Donald Trump gave that speech in Wildwood, New Jersey in front of a crowd of about 7,000 or 8,000 people, Trump claimed it was a hundred thousand plus people. Remember, he brought on stage Lawrence Taylor, retired football player who's a registered sex offender.


That was one of the ways Donald Trump was trying to show outreach to the black community by having Lawrence Taylor on stage, notably Lawrence Taylor was recently arrested again for failing to register his new home address since he's a registered sex offender. And remember, Donald Trump gave that speech in the Bronx in front of a small crowd there. And his black outreach efforts, there were he called on stage two individuals who were recently indicted in New York. It is. They are the purported leaders of the Crips gang. They are alleged in a 140 count felony criminal indictment to have engaged in 12 attempted murders and one murder that they're being charged with.


These are like rappers there. Chef G and Sleepy Hollow are their names. Donald Trump brought them on stage. And then he talked about their, their grill and their teeth and said, I like your teeth. But he brought on stage like people who were alleged to be leaders of the Crips, who were alleged to have murdered people and engaged in 12 attempted murders. Remember we were saying at that time like, why isn't anybody calling this out? I mean, this is really deranged stuff. I mean here, play, play this clip. Just so you see Sleepy Hollow and Chef g play this clip. Appreciate you. I appreciate it, man. Thank you. Thank you.


Thank you very much. That's where I like those teeth. I wanna find out where you did. I gotta get my teeth like that. So that's who Trump had on stage. Just so you see who, who these people are. Here's some of, here's a, a very small clip from a local New York news that reported on their arrest. Just so you have a sense of who are the lead surrogates for the Trump campaign. Here play this clip. I Have a violent gang taken off the streets and the two famous rappers who could be looking at serious prison time. Good evening. Thanks for joining us. I'm Rana Noni and for Adam Stein. And prosecutors say Those gang members shot at rivals in broad daylight and then bragged about it on social media at the center of it all.


Two. Well-known rappers from Brooklyn rappers, chef G and Sleepy Hollow are accused of helping carry out violence against rival gang members in Flatbush and Crown Heights. Police say they're members of the Crips. The two rappers were among 32 alleged gang members charged today and a 140 count indictment, the DA saying the gang is linked to 12 shootings and one murder, which was caught on camera.


Do you want a better way to simplify finance operations for your business across expenses, vendors, payments, and accounting? If so, Ramp could be a complete game changer for you, like it was for our small business. Ramp gives finance teams unprecedented control and insight into company spend. With Ramp, you're able to issue cards to every employee with limits and restrictions and automate expense reports so you can stop wasting time at the end of every month. Ramp's Accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time so you don't have to, you'll never have to chase down a receipt again and your employees will no longer spend hours submitting expense reports. The time you'll save each month, and I can vouch for this on employee expenses, will allow you to close your books eight times faster. Ramp saves you money. Businesses that use Ramp save an average of 5% the first year. Ramp is easy to use. All of those true for us at Midas Touch Get started issue virtual and physical cards and start making payments in less than 15 minutes. whether you have five employees or 5,000 and now get $250 when you join Ramp, just go to Ramp dot com slash midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. That's Ramp RA mp.com/midas, RA p.com/midas. Cards issued by Sutton Bank and Southton Bank member FDIC. Terms and conditions apply


going through our list of stunts by Donald Trump that are entirely offensive, racist, and just weird. Remember Donald Trump then went to Georgia. He was in Atlanta, then he stopped in Buckhead at a Chick-fil-A and he had all the media follow him into a Chick-fil-A and then he had a lady known as, her name is McKayla Montgomery. She works for the Republican Party. She was an intern in the Republican Party. She's a mag operative. She works for Charlie Kirk and Candace Owens, or she had worked for them. So, and she follows Trump around from event to event to event and takes photos of him so he can take a photo with the black lady and then say that he has support in the black community.


And we've been calling this out the whole time. Hey, you know, she's at this event, that event, and she follows him around to the different states. And then, so the media was trying to say, look, Donald Trump has support in the black community because this one black lady hugged him in a Chick-fil-A and that was Donald Trump's like bogus outreach and frankly racist outreach there. Donald Trump then did the Gold Sneakers as trying to do outreach to the black community by making these ugly gold sneakers, fake gold sneakers with the, with the red bottoms. And then he had his surrogates on Fox say that this is gonna really appeal to the black community. Re remember when they pulled that one. That's Stu here play this clip Black America because they love sneakers.


They're into sneakers. They love the, you know, there's a big deal certainly in, in the inner city. So when you have Trump roll out his sneaker line, they're like, wait a minute, this is cool. He's reaching them on a level that defies and is above politics. The culture always trumps politics. And Trump understands culture like no politician I've ever seen. Question for you on that point though. Yeah. Will the people that are excited about the sneakers and excited about Donald Trump, will that translate into them going out and voting for Donald Trump? Anybody willing to put 400 bucks down for a pair of sneakers? Yeah, I think that's commitment and love. It's something I hope you're right. It's something. It's affection. Yeah. And then recently Donald Trump's outreach to the black community also focused on his assassination edition sneakers.


He's selling, he's selling for $299. It's an assassination edition. Fight, fight, fight sneakers. This is real. I'm not making this up. And Donald Trump and his MAGA campaign thinks that this is outreach to the black community. Donald Trump also deceived an owner of a black small business in Atlanta Barbershop. The barbershop owner recounted this story of how Donald Trump's campaign said that it was just gonna be a small business event about how to improve business. And then they turned it into like a whole campaign event for Donald Trump. And now the Black barbershop is, their business is suffering because of what Donald Trump did.


Remember this what, what, what? Down. Here's the owner of the barbershop. Play the clip. The owner of Rocky's barbershop in Atlanta says he feels he was misled by a campaign event for former President Trump. The day before the debate, Rocky Jones tells our Caris Belger, he thought his Buckhead shop was just hosting a forum for black businesses. But he says he never expected to fade into the realm of politics. To me, cutting hair is like an art And smooth waves are not the only thing Rocky Jones wants his shop to be known for. We try to specialize in just giving good service to the community. As you can see, I've been here since 17 years and it's been good, which Is why he jumped at the chance to help other black business owners get ahead.


Started with a text, then it went to a call. 'cause I was actually out the country and just me agreeing to do black small business, you know, round table. I thought it was like something real private. It was anything but Rocky along with black business owners from across metro Atlanta crammed into his shop along with Trump surrogates like Ben Carson. But it wasn't all Shop talk. Thinking about black business in Atlanta. Small black businesses in Atlanta. And I'm like, so when are we gonna start talking about this? He says, A call from former President Trump during the event cut deep. Why is the president ex-president calling somebody in my barbershop?


This has nothing to do with small black businesses. And he was left with a lot more than razor burn. We Had some, some calls Thursday. We definitely got some calls, some backlash, some angry people that don't know me. And I have to deal with that. I have no involvement in politics. We don't even talk politics in my barbershop. It's all sports. Commend everybody to vote. But that's your business. You know, I don't tell what you, I don't tell you what to do. The number of customers he says has trimmed down, but he hopes the shock will fade and he can keep helping his community. Kara Belger 11 live news. Now. We repeatedly reached out to several representatives for the Trump campaign today about the claims that he just made.


They have not responded at this time to our phone calls or email. Remember also after Donald Trump gave or attended that the black church he rented out, but filled with all the white congregates. By the way, that church has been embroiled in litigation. Like a lot of the congregate, the actual congregants left. And it just like, it's been alleged that it's really just like a pastor who's squatting there. And the pastor denies that. But it's like this. It's, it's a, it's embroiled in this litigation. Trump rents it out, you know, to pay them. And then he goes to the event, the Charlie Kirk event afterwards, which is down the block basically in Detroit for turning points.


USA. And then they're holding up signs there that say white boy summer. And they're chanting white boy summer and they've got white boys summer hats that they're giving out. That's the event that Donald Trump spoke after renting out a black church and pretending there were black congregants in there. So just think about that. Then Donald Trump did that event at a black gala. I believe it was in South Carolina, but it wasn't really a black gala. They just called it a black gala. Again, it was filled with mostly white people. Trump had a few black people on stage and then he just said black people like him because he's been arrested and indicted and that's why black people should vote for him Here, play this clip. And then I got indicted a second time and a third time and a fourth time.


And a lot of people said that that's why the black people like me, 'cause they have been hurt so badly and discriminated against. And they actually viewed me as I'm being discriminated against. It's, it's been pretty amazing. But It, and then he said this as well, here, play this clip. Good. These lights are so bright in my eyes that I can't see too many people out there, but I can only see the black ones. I can't see any white ones. You see, that's how far I've come. That's how far I've come. That's a long, that's a long way, isn't it? He, I said, we've come a long way together, Lynn Patton.


So going back to that initial poll that was just taken, does it surprise you that Donald Trump has zero support, 0% support among black voters in this new Michigan, Detroit News, WDIV poll. And this is what I've been saying all along. This Trump stuff is phony and it's a fraud and it just needed to be called out as such. And you know, I think the one thing now that Vice President Kamala Harris is at the top of the democratic ticket, we could focus on these things and the media could finally focus on these things as they're stop reporting on just their daily ageism reporting on President Biden. And this vice President Kamala Harris campaign is exciting, it's energetic, and it's also allowing, you know, the focus on JD Vance.


And what's the new story with JD Vance today? That this is a true story that JD Vance was googling like, like dolphin and women. You know what? And then he was caught doing that. And like, that's true. And, and that JD just a lot's coming out about them. But you've seen the other videos. I didn't even think I'd have to talk about that during my analysis. But that's where, that's where we're at today. Good. Good pick Donald. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.