
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


Imagine you're a business owner relying on a dozen different software programs. Each one disconnected, more expensive and more complicated than last. It can be incredibly stressful right now, picture odu ODU brings all the tools your business needs into one simple platform, CRM, accounting, inventory, manufacturing, marketing, hr, and more. All seamlessly connected. Everything works together, giving you the peace of mind that your business is running smoothly from every angle. Odus open source applications are user friendly and designed to scale with your business. Save you time and money. Say goodbye to juggling multiple platforms and hello to efficient integrated management. Stop wasting resources on complicated systems and make the switch to DU today. Visit oo.com OD o.com and discover how ODU can simplify and streamline your business operations. ODU Modern Management made simple.


Not a good day, Donald. Your regime is facing criminal contempt in federal court right now. After defying a federal judge's order to not send migrants to concentration camps in El Salvador, you've got Senator Bernie Sanders and congresswoman a OC drawing massive crowds in Idaho, Montana, salt Lake City. They're all there booing you. Donald Trump and cheering tax. The rich wanna know what else, Donald? Your tariffs are backfiring. You're crashing the economy. CEOs have zero confidence in you and China is mocking you.


They are posting these memes of you with your fat stubby little fingers where they're saying, oh, look who holds the cards now? And they're not budging at all. At all. As your chief propagandist, Caroline Levitt goes on Fox and says, I'm delivering a message on behalf of Donald Trump to Xi Jinping. Please give him a call. Please give him a call. But I guess for Donald and this deranged demented regime of his, that means America is back. America is back. He says, as quite literally, I think we are one of the worst economic periods and we're heading into an even worse economic period in the United States history.


But Trump's posting, America's back. What? Donald? You don't think people can look at their life savings. You don't think they look at their 4 0 1 Ks? You don't think they can actually see the grocery prices going up, or that housing is less affordable or mortgage rates are soaring. You don't think people recognize that? You think everybody, Donald has MAGA mush brain and gets their news from state regime media? No, Donald people get their news from the Midas Touch Network right now on YouTube. They subscribe here. They go to Midas Plus on our substack. This is the most watched news network in the world. Donald. Sorry about that. Take a look at what the Financial Times is saying. Are they saying America is back?


No. The Financial Times isn't saying that. Are they some lefty radical paper? Donald never thought of the Financial Times like that appears their headline. The Economic Consequences of a Mad King Trump's delight in doing whatever he wishes in the moment is incompatible with stability and sustained dynamism. Oh, I guess that means America's back, Donald. Eh? I don't think so. Here's what this article says. We know that nobody can be trusted with absolute power, least of all the demagogues who seek it. The one good thing Trump's trade policies are achieving is to demonstrate that yet again, the world's challenge is to survive the folly the US is, is to end it.


That's how they're talking about you. You pathetic, vile piece of trash, Donald. And I'm not gonna hold back and mince my words about what we think about you here. Zero. Respect. You deserve none as you send migrants to concentration camps and then claim that you won a Supreme Court order nine to zero when you lost. And then you have Pam Bondi, your Attorney General, have the audacity to say that Abrego Garcia's family is better off without their dad. That the kids are better off without their father. That the wife is better off without her husband who had no criminal history. Y'all are a bunch of sick pathetic.


Hmm. I'll just leave it there. Here's Pam Bondi. Donald Trump's attorney general Play. This clip. Marilyn is safer because he is gone. And that woman that he is married to and that child he had with her, they are safer tonight because he is out of our country and sitting in El Salvador where he belongs. Okay? So we're 72 days into trading and the s and p $500 is this America being great? Because we are now in our fifth worst start to a year in history. Only really behind 2001. September 11th, 2020 COVID, 1932 post Great Depression.


But I guess for Donald and the White House and the US Department of Labor, this is Americans being great right here. Photos of minors with their faces covered from the minds. And the Trump regime is saying, this is what we want more of, more coal, more like that. Like that's what you're saying. How about we get Americans higher paying jobs? How about we get Americans working in safe jobs? How about we have America lead the world in new cutting edge technology? How about we help people like that afford homes? Donald, how about we focus on what you promised, which you've lied about? 'cause you're a fraud in every single thing that you do.


A deranged one too. Donald Trump posting. Can you believe it? A judge ruled against us. Wow. Wow, wow. I'm not even gonna read the thing because it's just whining and whining and more whining right here. I've never just seen any adult like behave like this o other than Donald. And just think about what a sick, demented human that he is. Right? By now, he knows because we're in Thursday. Now when I'm recording this, he knows that the Governor of Pennsylvania, Josh Shapiro, was targeted in an assassination attempt where the governor's residence was burnt in the arson attempt and the murder, the attempted murderer had a hammer to try to kill Shapiro on the first night of Passover.


Right? Has Governor Shapiro heard from Donald Trump? No. Former President Biden sent his deepest condolences to the governor. But here's, here's what we're learning. Pennsylvania Governor Josh Sapiro says he hasn't heard from Trump since the arson attack. The White House did not respond to a request for comment. How difficult is it, Donald, for you to show some sort of sympathy or empathy or anything for Donald Trump? Because he's a deranged, demented maniac. He can't, he suffering is the point. Here was Donald Trump on Air Force one several days ago when he was asked about the assassination attempt.


So he's on notice of what's happening, but he don't give a crap because he's a crappy human being. You just have to accept that about him. He is a crappy human being. Here's what he said. Play this clip. Mr. President Reaction to the governor of Pennsylvania, his mansion set on fire. Do you have Any reaction to it? I just heard about it now. I'll have to look into it. You got the perfect health report, Paul, our all, all, everybody in the press wants to know this. How do you do it, Mr. President? Yes. This crappy human being is the same person who has denied federal funding for additional help to North Carolina for Hurricane Helene relief. He's denied additional help for debris clearing.


He's denied additional FEMA help to the state of Georgia for debris clearing. I mean, who, who denies that? Meanwhile, I mean, Trump does and Musk, while they're out there. What, what, what do they do? They're, they're talking more about the Gold Card and that guy who, from Musk's team who call the 19-year-old to 21-year-old guy who calls himself Mr. Big Balls. They're working on the Trump Gold Card, that they're gonna sell for $5 million to the Russian oligarchs and the Chinese oligarchs. These are, these are deranged people. By the way, have you heard Donald Trump talk about this at all? Have you heard anybody really talk about this at all since the headline was announced that two service members were killed near the US Mexico border in a vehicle accident, and a third service member involved in the accident remains in critical condition.


These service members were sent to the border on behalf of the Trump regime for their performative, pretending there's a a, a war that's raging right now. So they can say there's an invasion. Two died, one critically injured our, our armed service, our armed services, our troops. And does Donald Trump say anything? No. Just like he didn't say anything about the American soldiers who died in Lithuania. He doesn't care. He doesn't give a crap. He has no connection to what this country is all about. In fact, he hates this country. And his actions show every day. Why wouldn't you put a message about these soldiers who died that you sent to the Mexican border?


Why wouldn't you put a message about the soldiers who died in Lithuania? Because Trump has said that people who are injured or die in war, our suckers and losers, we know Trump's pathology. He's a sick, demented person, but he's also a weak person here. His regime is here's Caroline Levitt begging, begging China. Please give him a call Here. Play this clip. And China knows that too, Sean. And as President Trump directed me to say yesterday, it remains true Tonight the ball is in China's court. They need to do business with the United States. They need the best thing on the face of the planet. And that is the American consumer. And we have, we are the best place in the world to do business.


And the rest of the world knows that. And that's why Japan was here to today to negotiate a trade deal. And while that's happening as well, you then also have Kevin McCarthy. Sometimes I forget how spy, I shouldn't forget how spineless this guy is. The disgraced former speaker of the house, Kevin McCarthy, goes on Fox. 'cause one of Fox's themes right now is that the crashing of the economy is not Trump's fault. It is the chairman of the Federal Reserve. Jerome Powell's fault, because Chairman Powell talked about what's happening in the economy when he spoke in a speech that he gave yesterday. So as a result of that, the Trump regime says it's Powell's fault.


It's the Chairman of the Federal Reserve. He's doing it by speaking about the conditions of the economy caused by Trump's disastrous trade war. This is the message on Fox and that McCarthy spewing Here Play this clip. Kevin, I wanna talk about what Jerome Powell did today. He, he essentially came out and said that these tariffs, which the Democrats are gonna seize on, obviously, that the tariffs are going to, you know, likely to create some type of recession. And that will hurt us growth forecast going forward. Which, I mean, there's a, there's a, obviously the Trump administration thinks the exact opposite about how these tariffs will work.


But of course, that sent the market way down. And you can kind of see this little game playing out between Powell and the Trump administration. Do you think the Trump administration needs to come out in a full throated manner and refute what the Fed Chair said today about an issue that is still number one on the minds of all voters now and will be on the midterms? Well, what he said is hurting the economy, the market reacts to what he said. Now, he only has a, a short amount of time left in this job. And I think there's some excellent people who can take this job going forward. But remember what President Trump has already done. If you wanna look at pure economics, he's getting people to invest billions of dollars in America because of his policies.


Yeah. What they're trying to do is Dr. Fauci, Jerome Powell, they're moving in that direction, right? Trump said, with Covid like a miracle, it's all gonna go away. You know, there's nothing to worry about. And then they try to blame everything on Fauci. They're doing that with Powell, the chairman of the Federal Reserve. They want to blame him and say his comments, talking about the reality of what's happening. Remember Trump said about Covid, you can't do testing if you do the testing. If you don't do testing, you don't even know what's happening. That's what we want. So the fact that Chairman Powell is talking about what's actually happening that is pissing Donald Trump off. Now I'll, I'll leave you with this right here.


Azealia Banks who voted for Trump singer songwriter Trumper. She, this is what she said back on November 6th, 2024, LMAO. I lied. I voted for Trump yesterday. Here's what she's saying right now. Okay? I think it's time for everyone who voted for Trump to admit that we made an effing mess. Like this is an absolute disaster. He's so petty and Vin vindictive right now, to be honest, rightfully so, but not when the wellbeing and livelihood of billions of people damn near the entire world lay in your hands. Someone needs to get him a cute little lower ze prim and a high grade ashwagandha supplement because it can't happen like this.


Nobody on earth is afraid of crazy old white man anger. Old white men need to reinvent the archetype because it's too predictable. Like China is just dunking on him and everyone right now. That's what they're saying about Donald Trump. As the US economic policy uncertainty index source to record highs as are markets, $1.5 trillion wiped off the United States market. Donald Trump looks like this with his orange face. And here's what China's posting the art of the deal with chumps, stubby little fat fingers. And they're mocking the hell out of him right now. And by the way, Donald, your regime needs to respond to Federal Judge Bosberg, who's held y'all probable cause, criminal contempt for not following the orders.


And he wants names of who's going to, who held, appoint, probably a special counsel to throw these people in jail. That's what's going on. I'm Ben MICUs. This is the Midas Touch Network.


Remember, go to Midas Plus, check out the merch at store dot Midas Touch dot com as well. Check it all out. Thanks for watching, and have a good one. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot Midas Touch dot com.