
You see folks denial. It's more than just a river in Egypt. Denial is like when Donald Trump goes to Las Vegas yesterday and he's asked by the press whether or not vice President, Kamala Harris has gotten under his skin because she's doing much better in the polls. Her crowd sizes are much bigger. And oh, her ratings, 22% more people watched her speak at the Democratic National Convention than watch Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention. Oh, and her fundraising, she raised over $100 million at the d and c. So denial is when Donald Trump is asked a simple question, and here is how he responds.


Play the clip of The race. There's a widespread perception that Kamala Harris replacing Joe Biden on the Democratic ticket has thrown you off your grain, gotten under your skin. What do you say to that? No, I think we're doing great. I think we're leading. We just had a rescues info. We're up by five. We're doing, I think very well. What is unfair is that he, it's unfair to him, but it's also unfair to me. I was leading by 17 or 18 points after the debate and they said, you know, he's gonna lose. And they went and told him, you're gonna lose. We wanna replace you crazy. Nancy Pelosi went in with a group with Obama and with others, but they went in with a group and they said, you know, we want you out. And they took him out and it was a bad thing to do, but also unfair to me.


I spent a hundred million dollars fighting against a man that won in their party and we had a debate and the debate was good for me. It wasn't good for him. And then all of a sudden they take him out and they put somebody new and that never got a vote. He didn't, she didn't get a single vote. He got 14 million votes. He got none. So I'm running against her now. We're up in the polls, we're winning on the swing states, but you know, I've gotta be two people instead of one. That never happened either, so it's not a very fair thing, but I live with it. Yeah. Did you, So let's talk about the facts though, Donald. This is from Nate Silver. Nate Silver of All People says we are already seeing a convention bounce for vice President, Kamala Harris.


And this is from Data Before Her speech last night. Take a look right here at Nate Silver's model that has vice President Kamala Harris up by more than four, approaching her being up more than five. I wouldn't be surprised if she's up closer to seven or eight very soon in his model. We can take a look at the average national presidential polling model brought to you by polling USA and right over here in this most recent model, you have vice President Kamala Harris Up four. We can then also go to the 5 38 percentage model, which has vice President, Kamala, Harris winning 58 times out of 100, and Trump winning 41 times out of 100.


And this doesn't even factor in the bounce that is expected from the DNC oh. Should we talk about ratings? vice President? Kamala Harris beat Donald Trump and people watching her acceptance speech by 22%. Should we talk about the most recent fair Lee Dickinson University poll where vice President Kamala Harris leads Donald Trump by seven? Should we talk about what ActBlue announced that over $100 million was donated to vice President Kamala Harris during the DNC? We can talk about that. You see folks, denial is more than just a river in Egypt. I'll show you another example of denial.


After vice President Kamala Harris gave a historic, historic speech at the DNC when Donald Trump called Fox and ranted and raved like an absolute lunatic. Even the host said Fox had to say to Donald Trump, look, you're losing, you're losing the voters. What are you gonna do to adjust? And Trump goes, I'm not losing. I'm not losing denial. It's more than just a river in Egypt. Play the clip. Let me ask you this, sir. There has been a huge appeal and momentum for women voters. She's trying to pull that, the youth vote, the Hispanic vote, the black vote back in her direction. Polls show that she's having some success in that at this point.


So what are you gonna do? What's your strategy to rebuild the momentum that you had with those voters? No, she's not having success. I'm having success. I'm doing great with the Hispanic voters. I'm doing great with black men. I'm doing great with women because women want safety. They want safety. And they don't have safety when they have somebody allowing 20 million people into our country, many of them very dangerous people. No, it's only in your eyes that they have that. Martha, we are doing very well in the polls. We're leading in most of the polls and in in the swing states. We are leading in almost every one of 'em. Mr. President, lemme interrupt.


The auto workers are voting for me because you're not gonna have an auto industry if she gets selected. President, all electric cars. Here we have another model by 5 38 has vice President Kamala Harris taking her biggest lead yet up 3.6%. And here's a video of Trump supporters reacting to vice President Kamala Harris speech by taking a sledgehammer and hitting their tv. Sounds like, seems like something MAGA would do. Play the clip Survivors of crime. No. To remind them, no one, No wish to fight. Camilla Harris will never be my friend. Whoa.


Now, one of the moments that I think is, this is my favorite moment, one of my favorite moments, A lot of great moments at the DNC is this portion on how to pronounce Vice President Kamala Harris's name. Let's just take a look right here. Play this clip. Okay, so listen, it's come to my attention that there are some folks who struggle or pretend to struggle with the proper pronunciation of our future president's name. So hear me out. Confusion is understandable, disrespect is not.


So tonight we're gonna help everyone get it right here to help me are some very special guests. Thank you. Ladies, can you tell us your names? Hello everybody. My name's Amara and my name is Leila, her little sister. And what are you here to do To teach you how to say your auntie's name? Okay. So how do you pronounce it? First you say comma, like a common sentence. Then you say, la, la, la, la, la, la.


Put it together and it's 1, 2, 3. Alright, so let's practice. Let's practice Everybody on the, everybody over here say, everybody over here say For president. So Donald, you can say you want to call her whatever name you want to, but when you see children acting more mature than you, I think it speaks volume.


So I think those children acted mature. But let's take a look at how you act. Play the clip. Radical Liberal, Kamala Harris gets in. And by the way, there are numerous ways of saying her name. They were explaining to me, you can say Kamala. You can say Kamala. I said, don't worry about it. Doesn't matter what I say. I couldn't care less if I mispronounce it or not. I couldn't kill less. Some people think I mispronounce it on purpose, but actually I've heard it said about seven different ways. There are a lot of ways. There are a lot Of, and so as I've always said before, Donald Trump is exactly how we would teach our children not to act objectively.


If someone behaved the way he did in any single aspect, we would warn we would not want our kids to behave that way. Let's take a look about other things where I think that there's major denial. Donald Trump's running mate, JD Vance. I just wanna show you this moment. 'cause to me the difference here is staggering. Simple interactions, governor Walls, ordering food, going into a local community, looking authentic. JD Vance can't order a donut. Look at how we made this video on. Might as touch. I gotta give our editorial team credit. They produce, they make my job easy with the way they produce these video clips.


Here, show this clip. We Really came just to go to run and then we did a little rally on the side, but we had a little extra time. Amazing. If you don't know, the iconic Nebraska restaurant is the Ronza. Don't call it anything else except for Ronza. The bread consistency, all of it really matters. I got the Swiss and mushroom is kind of a classic. The cheese is is solid. You can be a little bit creative, but this is it. If you're gonna go to Nebraska, if you're gonna go to Nebraska football game, if you're just gonna be a good person, you stop at runs. I think it's a bread consistency. I mean in here, home every day. Get this guy on TV for runs us. Thanks for the work you're doing. Matters. My pleasure.


Appreciate it. Thanks everybody. Pleasure to meet you all. Wow. The zoo has come to town. Thank you for letting us come in here. Yes sir. I'm sorry. Yeah, she, she, she doesn't wanna be on film guys, so just cut her out of anything. Appreciate that man. I'm Katie. I heard the vice president didn't see you. Okay. How long have you worked here? I've been here since the beginning of July. Okay. For this year. Okay, good. How about you, sir? Almost two years. Okay, good. I see everything. Yeah. I mean a lot of glazed here. Some sprinkle stuff, somebody rolls, just whatever makes sense.


How long has the place been Around? About four years. About four years. Okay. How long have you been here? A little over six months. Okay, good.


How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every single month? I think the answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. I definitely did like the time. I forgot, I subscribed to a certain streaming service. But thanks to Rocket Money, I'm no longer wasting money on the ones that I forgot about. You see Rocket Money, it's a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions. It monitors your spending and helps you lower your bills so that you can grow your savings with Rocking money, I have full control over my subscriptions and a clear view of my expenses. I can see all of my subscriptions in one place and if I see something I don't want rocking money can help me cancel it with just a few taps. I love how the dashboard shows me this month's spending compare to last month, so I could clearly see my spending habits. Plus they'll help me create a custom budget and keep my spending on track. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you by up to 20%. All you have to do is submit a picture of your bill and Rocket Money takes care of the rest. They'll deal with customer service for you. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's feature. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/ Midas Touch. That's rocket money.com/ Midas. Touch rocket money.com/ Midas. Touch,


I just wanna show you this too. This is the L Pro democracy voice on Fox, Jessica Tarlov, and she's basically echoing what I'm saying. I may be echoing what she's saying where she says, could we just take a look at the facts here, the raw hard numbers here, play the Clip Vegas. And the evidence of how well she did was in cold hard facts in ratings. Trump's favorite thing, favorite thing, 22% up from Donald Trump's accept acceptance speech. 7.2 million raised between 11:00 PM and midnight over the course of the entire week. Act Blue says over a hundred million dollars came in for democratic candidates organizations. There was a panel of undecided Pennsylvania voters, a focus group, eight of them in there, six, after watching the speech, are now going with Kamala Harris.


Those are all hard facts that show that she did a really good job. We know about the enthusiasm being up, we know about the polls going in her direction, the Love that clip right there, love that clip right here. And then So yesterday. Donald Trump continued to rant and rave like a lunatic. He spoke earlier in the day in Vegas, later in the day he spoke in Arizona and it was the same shtick Barack Hussein. Obamas mean to me. Michelle Obamas mean they're mean to me. They're mean. They're being mean here. Play the Clinton. Now They get bored. Like Barack Hussein Obama got far fewer votes the second time won. He won. Have you heard of him? Barack Hussein Obama.


Remember Rush, rush Limbaugh, Barack Hussein Obama. He was nasty to me. You know, he was nasty. Michel was nasty. They're all nasty, nasty people. They were very na. I was surprised. I thought he was, and I was sort of nice to him. I said, no, you know, I like him good. It didn't matter. They were nasty to me. And of course, come On, grow up, behave like an adult. Speaking of which, this is the part where Donald Trump's in Glendale, Arizona, and he literally kicks the veteran police officer off stage for talking too long.


Look how pissed off Trump gets when this guy's talking too long again, this is the head of the Arizona, one of the Arizona police unions play the clip flowing Into this country at an alarming rate with only five descent being intercepted at the border. You got it folks. Let me finish up here please. This similarly, you take a look at right here. When Kerry Lake was speaking, Donald Trump has them send her messages. Wrap up. Donald Trump wants to look at this wrap asap. Please get off the stage.


Please get off the stage now. Donald Trump is waiting. Get off the stage. Get off the stage right now. You can't make this stuff up. So you know, I, I guess you gotta say like, well, what is Fox doing about this one? One of their new things that they're doing is they're going Governor Walls. Is he being groomed by China? Is Governor Walls being groomed by China? Come on, play this clip. And Has China been grooming Tim Waltz? Well, we're trying to find out exactly what the FBI has on Tim Waltz with respect to China. Everyone in business knows that China steals our intellectual property. They steal our patents, they manipulate their currency.


They do anything they can to have a competitive advantage in business. Those of us in in government know that China has done everything they can to disrupt and corrupt our US government, the way we operate. We know that they have tried to groom people in the military. We know that they've created police spy stations in the major cities, in the blue cities, all around the United States. We know a lot of this activities based out of Minnesota. We know that Tim Waltz has made several trips during his life to China. We know he spent a year there. We know he went on his honeymoon there Like, aren't these tactics so transparently amateurish at this point?


Like, doesn't it look like, stop doing Kim Jong-un in America. Stop doing this North Korea crap here in the United States of America. Like we're so much better than than than that here. And it's so wild to see that. So I figure I'll show you this clip right here, because to me this represents some of the best of America, some of the best of our country. vice President, Kamala, Harris. Play this Clinton, We must be worthy of this moment. It is now our turn to do what generations before us have done, guided by optimism and faith to fight for this country.


We love to fight for the ideals we cherish and to uphold the awesome responsibility that comes with the greatest privilege on earth, the privilege and pride of being an American. So let's get out there. Let's fight for it. Let's get out there. Let's vote for it and together let us write the next great chapter in the most extraordinary story ever told.


Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you all. Or this photo of vice President, Kamala Harris and her husband Doug Moff and Governor Walls and his wife, Gwen I mean. Look at the joy that is radiating from this family. Just look at the joy. I'll share this with you as well. This is Adam Kinzinger. Here's what he had to say. Play the Clip. Independents, people on the fence are undecided. Who were, who were out there in the television audience listening. What do you think the impact of her speech is tonight? I look, I thought her speech was good.


Here's actually really good. But here's what I thought was interesting, is Donald Trump has seeded so much ground that used to be traditionally Republican ground. So let's talk about national defense. Ukraine, this is all stuff Donald Trump should have been talking about at his convention. If he was a little more of a traditional Republican, Kamala came in and took that ground. I mean she wasn't scared to do like kind of the, well, we don't want to get to. She took the ground on immigration. She reminded people that he tanked the immigration bill. She took the ground on Ukraine. And I think if you're a undecided Republican out there, you look and you're like, that's be tough for me to not vote for Kamala now because she literally gave me the things that I was concerned about.


I, I gave DLU Lee a shot, Ulee a shot too. Play this clip right here. I I, I can tell, I I can tell you this. I don't blame Donald Trump for not wanting to ba bake Kamala. I've been married to a black woman for 40 years and I ain't won one debate. I'm owing 93,000. Now of course, Trump is saying that Kamala isn't black. I guarantee you this Kamala's has been black a lot longer than Trump's been a Republican. And if he keeps sliding in the poles the way he is, the only thing, the only way he keep Kamala out of the White House is if he buys it and refuses to rent it to her.


Of course, Kamala's getting broad support. They got black men for Kamala, white men, for Kamala Latinos, and Asians for Kamala. They even have Republicans for Kamala. Republicans will come a, I guess Donald Trump will finally know what it's like when you get left for a younger woman. But, Well, there you have it folks. Thank you so much for watching Denial more than just a river in Egypt.


Hit subscribe. We're almost on our way to 3 million. Thanks for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.