
Donald Trump is losing his mind. Do you think I'm being hyperbolic? Just take a look at the posts that he is making over and over again saying that Vice President Kamala Harris isn't black. This follows Donald Trump's disastrous interview at the National Association for Black Journalists, which combined racism, weirdness, cognitive decline. We'll cover it all. After Donald Trump spoke, before the National Association of Black Journalists in Chicago, he then spoke in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, where he gave in equally unhinged and deranged speech, talking more about Hannibal Lecter and other very, very odd things.


We will get into that. On the other hand, you've got President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris securing the release of hostages from Russia, including Evan Kovich, the Wall Street Journal reporter and former US Marine Paul Wheelin. Donald Trump previously stated that Vladimir Putin would only release these hostages to him because of his special relationship with Putin. We're now learning details of these negotiations that President Biden was intimately involved in, even while the corporate media was pushing on President Biden to drop out of the race one hour before President Biden made it official that he was not seeking reelection.


He had called a counterpart in Slovenia to deal with a very kind of micro issue to make this deal work based on a release of someone who was incarcerated there from Russia. So he was involved in this every step of the way. So one of the things, the White House post earlier in the day, as all these MAGA republicans were saying, where is Biden? Where is he in spreading conspiracies? He said, look, I've been busy doing the work of the presidency. Sorry, I haven't been putting in all caps, deranged and unhinged posts like your cult leader. Biden didn't say that, but that's must have been how he felt.


He did say, I've been busy working. Meanwhile, vice president Kamala Harris continues to surge in the polls. She gave a great speech in Houston and Lanta that get this actually talked about policy. And you can see in some of the seven recent national polls she's pulling ahead. And also when you look at the Battleground State poll, she's pulling ahead. I interviewed Simon Rosenberg earlier in the day that video's on its way to a million views that interview. But Rosenberg basically said, look at all of the trends, all of the momentum, it's all going in a very positive direction. We'll talk about that and more here on the Midas Touch podcast.


I'm Ben Mycells, joined by Brett and Jordy. Look, we've been saying it before. We'll say it again. Momentum Momentum, Momentum Momentum, momentum Momentum. But there's something I really don't understand about what's going on right now. I mean, I've been listening to these incredible Kamala Harris speeches lately. I've listened to her incredible energetic rally in Atlanta. I listened to her in Texas, didn't hear her thoughts once on being electrocuted by boats or, or getting eaten by sharks. Didn't hear any thoughts on windmill sound cancer. Didn't hear any thoughts on the late great Hannibal Lecter. So I'm just trying to figure out how am I, how am I supposed to decide in this upcoming election? Now, Kamala Harris is doing a fantastic job.


The energy is real, the momentum is real. And I didn't quite realize that Donald Trump would self-destruct this quickly. But here we are every single day digging his hole deeper. And I know Ben, you have constantly on this show spoken about the rule of holes. What are you supposed to do? What are you not supposed to do? You're not supposed to keep digging and day in and day out, Donald Trump just keeps taking that shovel and he's digging away trying to do the same old, tired tactics that he thought worked for him in the past. But he's being repudiated. He's being rejected by the American people.


He's losing his support from the voters who matter, and he, the bottom is falling out of the Trump campaign before our very eyes. And it is quite the site to behold, if I do say so myself, Jordy what Could not, could not agree more. I mean, he is more and more unhinged every moment of the day. Spiraling. You just don't know when he's gonna hit bottom. I don't think there is a bottom for him necessarily, because it's also not just him too at this point, it's his entire campaign staff around him. They're such sy of fans. They like, they can't tell him no. And they have to dig in and double down on the awful behavior.


And they can, they can never admit when he misses. And he misses a lot and quite frequently. And it's been just extraordinary to see, especially over these past few weeks. Look, Donald Trump doesn't have a lot of moves, right? It's kind of xenophobic, racist, talk crap about America and just try to scare people. And then just lie, lie, lie about himself. I've given the example before of, you know, if you watch a, a basketball game or you know, you, you have a basketball player who can only dribble with their right hand and the moment they have to adapt, it's like you can easily steal the ball. Trump's got one move you can only dribble with one hand. And that hand is racist, xenophobic, convicted felon and, and deeply, deeply troubled.


Let me just show you, you know, as past is prologue for this behavior, as I was watching the National Association of Black Journalist event, I wanted to do some o some of my own digging and go into the past and say, you know, I remember Donald Trump almost saying something exactly like this. And I know that he pretty much says stuff like this every day, but I was like, I'm sure in the early nineties that I remember him just, it almost seemed identical And. then I found those clips. And so here's one of 'em. And it was an interview that Trump did with Roger s in the 1990s. And in the interview Donald Trump contrasts his casinos, which went bankrupt eventually with the ones on Indian reservations.


And he said his casino is great for the country, but Indian gaming he says, will cause the greatest crime wave in the country. And when you watch that language, will compare it to the language he's using today. But this is who he's always been. Here play this clip Atlantic City's way up from last year, way up from the year before. It's having the best year it's ever had. And I don't say it's great for the country, but you know, more and more you're seeing this, I, I will say this, I think the greatest crime wave in this country is going to be caused by the Indian gaming. I think it's totally out of control. I don't think it's properly supervised. The politicians are doing a tremendous disservice to what's going on.


I mean the, the great great crime wave, the Al Capone crime wave of this, of this time, of this generation is gonna be caused, in my opinion, by what's happening on the Indian reservations with respect to what I consider to be unsupervised gaming. He's also been obsessed with Al Capone for a long time, apparently. Yeah. And, and look, just substitute America for Atlantic City. Donald Trump ended up destroying Atlantic City. All of his casinos went bankrupt. And what he was trying to do was blame the fact that he couldn't competently run something on the fact that there were casinos that were run by Native American tribes. And he said they're going to cause the greatest crime wave in the history of America.


To your point, Brett, you also hear the Al Capone there, but it's the exact same language that he uses over and over again. Here is Donald Trump speaking before Congress in 1993. And here he's saying that Native Americans should be denied casino licenses if they don't look Indian enough to him. He's gonna judge if the Native American looks and I'm using Trump's language, Indian enough. And if they are, then he will decide whether or not they should have licenses based on their physical appearance. Here play this clip. Is This you discussing Indian blood? We're gonna judge people by whether they have Indian blood, whether they're qualified to run a gaming casino or not.


I, that probably is me. Absolutely. Because I'll tell you what, if you look, if you look at some of the reservations that you've approved, you sir, your great wisdom have approved. I will tell you right now, they don't look like Indians to me and they don't look like the Indians. Now maybe we say politically correct or not politically correct, they don't look like Indians to me and they don't look like Indians to Indians. And a lot of people are laughing at it and you're telling how tough it is, how rough it is to get approved. Well, you go up to Connecticut and you look now they don't look like Indians to me, sir. Thank God. That's not the test of whether or not people have rights in this country or not. Whether or not they pass your look test depends Whether, yeah, depends whether or not you're approving it, Sir.


No, no, it's not a question whether I'm approving it. It's not a question whether I'm approving it. Ms. Trump, you know, you know, in the history of this country where we've heard this discussion before, they don't look Jewish to me. Oh really? They don't look Indian to me. They don't look Italian to me. And that was a test for whether people could go into business or not go into business. Whether they could get a bank loan. You're too black, you're not black enough. Now take a look at what happened at the National Association of Black Journalists in Chicago. Donald Trump and his MAGA base are now using this term DEI, to basically denigrate people and saying, oh, well they're a DEI hire DEI this.


So Rachel Scott, who I think did an excellent job on the panel, asked Donald Trump, what, what do you mean by that? Why are you saying that? Is this truly your views right here as it relates to vice President, Kamala Harris? And take a look. And now remember those clips that we just showed you of Trump in the past and now let me show you what went down this week at the National Association of Black Journalists. When Trump sat for that interview, play the clip, Some of your own supporters, including Republicans on Capitol Hill, have labeled Vice President Kamala Harris, who is the first black and Asian American woman to serve as vice president and be on a major party ticket as a DEI hire. Is that acceptable language to you?


And will you tell those Republicans and those supporters to stop it? How do you, how do you define DEI, go ahead. How do you define it? Diversity, equity, inclusion. Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Is that what your definition that Is? That that is Literally the words. Gimme a definition then would you gimme a definition Of that? Gimme a definition of, Sir, I'm asking you a question, a Very direct question. Define, define the, define it for me if you would. I Just defined it, sir, do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is only on the ticket because she's a black woman? Well, I can say now I think it's maybe a little bit different. So I've known her a long time, indirectly, not directly very much. And she was always of Indian heritage and she was only promoting Indian heritage.


I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black. So I don't know, is she Indian or is she black? She is always identified as A black And. then she went from Historically black College respect. I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't because she was Indian all the way And. then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went, she became a black person. Just to be clear sir, do you Believe that she's a, and I think somebody should look into that too. When you ask a continue in a very hostile, nasty tone, It's a direct question. Question, sir, do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is a DEI hire as some public Say, say, I dunno. I mean, I really don't know. Could be, could be. There are some and there are. So there's so much to break down there.


I mean a horrifically racist and xenophobic answer where finally after pressing Rachel Scott did an incredible job. Donald Trump's response was, could be a DEI hire. That's the leader of the Republican party saying Vice President Kamala Harris, incredibly way more experienced than he ever is. Way more experienced than shady Vance ever is. He goes, could be, but you just take a look at all of those tactics that he uses there. One, it shows how incredible I think Rachel Scott did. And, but Donald Trump went through his entire arsenal, right? First the kind of combativeness of gimme a definition, gimme a definition. You ready?


You ready? Gimme a definition. And. then she goes, it's diversity, equity, and inclusion. Do you believe that And then when Donald Trump starts to answer, he then gets nervous. So he does the hands thing and you get the accordion hands coming out. Then he goes, she turned black, he gets laughed at. So then he tries to turn it into like, like a, like, not like a joke, but he tries, he uses like a baby voice, you know? And he goes and, and he goes like, she turned black, she turned black, you know? And so he says it like in a really weird voice, And. then he realizes that they're laughing at him. He realizes what a fool he's made of himself.


So then he goes and cycles into that shouldn be investigated, it needs to be looked into. He goes, that shouldn be looked into And. then he says to Rachel Scott, once the crowd's laughing at him, he calls her nasty and hostile. And all of that took place within a minute and 32nd clip or whatever it was that we just played there. It was all packed into it. But by the way, that's the same Trump we saw in the 1990s, in the 1980s. In the 1970s when he prevented black people from living in his buildings and, and when he was, you know, written up by the Justice department for engaging in racism, this is the person who demanded the death penalty for the exonerated five.


This is who he is. Yeah, a hundred percent. I mean, and and also I wanna be clear that these are the actions of somebody who is weak and scared and desperate. It's weird, it's creepy, it's racist, it's offensive, it is all of that. And it is also such a sign of weakness. And I think you could see, you know, despite all of like the weird things that Donald Trump has said over these past few months, whether it be Hannibal Lecter or being electrocuted by sharks and boats, you know, all the things I was joking about earlier on, he has kind of held back this part of him in many ways over these past few months because I think he's gotten a little cocky looking at the poles and, and him, him feeling this kind of positive Momentum on his side, at least what he considered to be positive Momentum.


And I think he got to a place of complacency and all of a sudden, virtually overnight the election shifted, the Momentum shifted, the polls have shifted away from him. And voters are fleeing Donald Trump right now in, in crazy numbers. So Donald Trump is lashing out in weakness and in panic and in doing so, he's putting on the same old boring reruns of the Trump show that we have seen throughout the decades. And you could bring it up to Obama and beyond. I mean it's the same BS and I don't think people are buying it at this point. I think people just want normalcy. I think people are sick of this race baiting or they are sick of this just disgusting attitude every single day and they just want normalcy and they want an actual leader who's going to actually do things for the American people.


And Donald Trump going out there and behaving like that, I think will be a defining moment of this election. Like that shouldn be, quite frankly a bigger moment of the election than even The Biden debate. I mean this was Donald Trump at his absolute worst. And the fact that these Republicans, when you go to Fox News, when you, you know, try to ask some of these Congress people about it, some of them are smart enough to either not speak about it or to condemn it, but most of them try to gaslight the American people and be like, oh, there he was. Great. That was him at his best. He is a superstar. Wow. He crushed it. Alright, alright. At least with the debate, you had Democrats and others saying, listen, we could acknowledge that that was not great, that was not a good situation with this.


They try to gaslight you into making it sound like that was a good thing. All Donald Trump. Can I tell you what Shady Vance said? Shady Vance's quote was the following quote, what Donald Trump said. I thought it was hysterical. I think he pointed out the fundamental chameleon-like nature of Kamala Harris, The chameleon, like from the guy who's changed his name now what at least three times, the guy who went from never Trumper to prot Trumper the guy. By the way, how offensive do comments like that have to be to JD Vance's own family? JD Vance is married to an Indian American woman, JD Vance's kids are of mixed race.


And JD Vance right there is saying F you to all the biracial Americans in this country, which by the way is a sizable portion of this country. When you look at Kamala Harris's family, you are looking at America. That is what America looks like in 2024. And for Donald Trump and JD Vance to say stuff like that, I cannot imagine being JD Vance's kids and having that as your father, defending that scum, defending that disgusting attitude. And I should know it as well, that Donald Trump showed up to this event and refused to get on stage for more than an hour.


And then tried to blame the equipment in public and tried to just yell at the reporters the entire time. And this has now been confirmed by at least two reporters. You have Philip Lewis of HuffPost during the event saying that he was told that Trump, this is before the event. I'm told Trump is demanding that NABJ not do the live fact checking. And that's why the event hasn't started yet. Quote wherein a standoff end quote, New York Times later confirming that Donald Trump was too afraid to take the stage because he was demanding that these journalists not live Fact check him while he was on the stage. Here's the New York Times. About 45 minutes before Trump took the stage, the former president pushed back on NABJ staffers who wanted to live fact check the event.


According to a person familiar with the planning, the board pushed back against the last minute demand. When Trump took the stage. He said the delay was due to the na BJ's audio issues. I mean, the guy is a coward, the guy is a weakling, the guy is scared, he is lashing out. And all this new kind of rhetoric, not new, but him rehashing this racist rhetoric shows is that he's absolutely terrified of Kamala Harris and he knows that the momentum has gone against him and that he's on track to lose this election. And the guy is freaking the F out. And real quick, like his demeanor on this stage, I know we're gonna show some more clips too.


You know what it reminded me of? Reminded me of his debate with Hillary Clinton when he tried to like throw his body weight around and intimidate her like he's a high school bully. Like at its core he's not equipped with intelligence or compassion or decency and least of all facts. And so what does he do? He has to behave like a bully. And Brett, to your point, in 2016, I think Americans were maybe surprised by Trump. But in 2024, Americans know better and they're so sick of him, So sick of He took Rachel Scott's water. He had, so Trump had his own water next to him. He took the person who was interviewing Rachel Scott's water, grabbed it, like stole it, twisted the cap, and made it tighter And then put it back on the table here.


Watch, just watch for yourself. Who, who does this here play the clip. So ask question, what did you say? So what I wanted to say was, the last time we spoke, you said some words that were perfect because I Asked, that's weird. I mean, it's small things like that as well. And Brett, you mentioned the types of things that Donald Trump would say and do with respect to former President Obama. What's Donald Trump doing today? He's posting images of Vice President Kamala Harris's birth certificate or purportedly her bird certificate to say that she's not black And. then he's posting creepy messages and creepy photos or messages with photos, with creepy messages saying this, thank you you Kamala, for the nice picture you sent from many years ago.


Your warmth, friendship, and love of your Indian heritage are very much appreciated. I mean, just think about the way And, then he And then here, here's the one that was creepy, where he has like 2016 and 2020 like is he handwriting on these images like himself, like a stalker? Like it's, it is a very strange, it's, let's face it, it's abuser behavior like this an it's abuser behavior. Exactly the behavior of an abuser, textbook abuser behavior. I wanna talk more about the national association, a black journalist event. I wanna talk about what he did in Harrisburg. I wanna talk about the incredible accomplishment by The Biden Harris administration and bringing these hostages home. Want to talk about some of these polls, want to talk about that and more?


I want to tell everybody as well though, and remind everybody about our patreon patreon.com/midas Touch. Over the past 48 hours, we've had 26 million views on the Midas Touch network that is more than M-S-N-B-C, Fox or CNN. And we were number one across all categories on YouTube. Sometimes we're one. Number two, depends on how many views the Olympics are getting, and that's thanks to you. We don't have outside investors. So we grow this with patreon.com/midas touch. Also wanna give a shout out to our merch store and everybody at Midas Touch who works for store dot midas touch.com 100% Union made 100% made in the US some great Kamala gear, some great pro democracy gear.


Check that out. We've got a lot to discuss. There it is, right there. Take a look at some of that gear. We will be right back after our first quick break.


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine, it's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal ships so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you want to Take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen L-U-M-E-N. Do me slash Midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUME n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time. Go to lumen.me/midas, LUE n.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Sleep is the foundation of our mental and physical health. When you are sleeping well, you could perform at your best mentally and physically. Introducing Beams Dream Powder, a science-backed healthy hot cocoa for sleep. If you know me, you know that dream has been an absolute game changer for my sleep. I drink Beams Dream powder each night in order to get my optimal sleep. And I have to say, I would not be recommending this if it didn't actually help me. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. Their science-backed healthy hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep has never tasted better. Now available in delicious flavors like chocolate, peanut butter, cinnamon cocoa, and sea salt caramel with only 15 calories and zero grams of sugar. Other sleep aids could cause Next day Grogginess, but Dreams contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, l-theanine, melatonin, and nano CBD to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. The numbers don't lie. In a clinical study, 93% of participants report a dream, helped them get better sleep. Beam Dream is easy to add to your nighttime routine. Just mixed dream into hot water or milk froth and enjoy before bed. Find out why Forbes and New York Times are all talking about Beam and why it's trusted by the world's top athletes and business professionals. If you wanna try Beam's bestselling Dream Powder Get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash midas and use code Midas at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash MEI ds and use code Midas for up to 40% off. Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors. Links are in the description of both the YouTube and the audio. Shout out Lumen. You know, I've been getting a lot of messages from the Midas Marty about Lumen. If you purchased the Lumen, if you are using Lumen, put it in the comments, put it in the chat, let's, let's talk about it. I love it. It's amazing. Shout out Beam. Fantastic Ben, where are we going next?


Oh, I think we're going Donald Trump selling more sneakers. That's how he thinks he's gonna win over voters this time. He's selling Bitcoin sneakers@gettrumpsneakers.com. He previously sold assassination edition high tops and before that he sold ugly gold sneakers with jeez fake gold sneakers with red bottoms, which Fox said this was gonna be critical to Donald Trump's outreach to the black community while he's now saying Vice President Kamala Harris is not black Donald Trump selling Bitcoin sneakers. It's hard to imagine that that is real life. I, I've been seeing a bunch of people from the cast of Idiocracy lately giving interviews when they've been asked about this and they've been saying, yeah, like, it's actually even worse than Idiocracy.


That's a Terry Course. Yeah. Well, yeah, I can't even believe it. I mean, you know, they had, I mean, when you have Hulk Hogan go to the Republican National Convention on the key date and rip off his shirt and Say, the holster's telling you that I'm gonna give you a Beatdown if you don't vote Trump. And I'm just thinking to him, I'm like, how is this real? But Ben, but Ben to Tom Llamas or however you pronounce that dude, Tom Llama, he was, he was saying, he was saying Hulk Culligan, that was the most powerful speech of the whole of event. I hate corporate media. Who's Tom Wam? I don't even know who that is. I think talking about some n cre, I think GEs talking about some NBC reporter afterwards who was co who was covering it on Guy.


Yeah, I remember them, man. Just like, it's crazy to think that It's crazy. Come on this, come On. It's crazy to think that that was like two weeks ago. Like, it's like we've entered like another dimension in these past two weeks and it is quite, and they were so cocky, these Republicans, and they had the dumbest convention, the like the worst convention ever. And they were just praised nonstop by this corporate media who was just slobbering over them. And we were like, is this not crazy to anyone else? Like, everything about this is nuts. Like why are they eating this up? And I think finally reality is setting in and and like it just unavoidable to show how crazy and weird these people really are.


Yeah, there were there, there were a few main factors, right? I mean, president Biden passing the torch in such a selfless way. Vice President Kamala Harris taking that torch and really just surging ahead on day one. Donald Trump picking the weirdest dude in shady Vans to be his VP pick, which also then reflects in a different way, Donald Trump's dangerousness and weirdness as translated through Shady Vance emphasizes both of their kind of qualities together. Yeah, I think he hates Vance also. I really get this, you get the sense that he hates Vance and He's one of, you know, Simon Rosenberg had had an interesting theory among others, you know, on the interview that I did.


And he said one of the reasons that he thought that Donald Trump continued to like, keep on posting about the biracial aspect of of, of Vice President Kamala Harris that she's biracial is the fact that he, he wants to, in the back of his mind, like in Trump's sick way, it's a way to also punish JD Vance, to make JD Vance's life uncomfortable with his wife and kids because he's that pissed off at JD Vance. I look, I think that Donald Trump is a racist, xenophobic person and that's the main reason that's driving it. But it was an interesting thought though that Donald Trump is doing that also, you know, you know, for, for, for potentially other reasons. So Donald Trump continues to make post after post vice President Kamala Harris, though surging in the polls.


Simon Rosenberg, who I just mentioned reports on the seven latest national polls where vice President Kamala Harris is up in each and also in the key battleground polls. She's also up as well. And this is before the Democratic convention even started, where there's usually a bump after that And, then Donald Trump's too scared to debate vice President Kamala Harris as she's saying, look, if you wanna say these things about me, Donald say 'em to my face, you coward. And Donald Trump is too scared to debate. So she'll probably be debating an empty podium 'cause she's gonna show up and do the debate on a, b, C on September 10th.


And I think Donald Trump's gonna be too scared to debate Donald Trump. You know What the debate would look like? It would look like the NABJ, it would look like the exactly what we saw there, except you'd have to confront Kamala Harris on all those things. And it will show, it would show the American people again, how truly deranged and, and batshit crazy that this man is. Show you some other clips from that National Association of Black journalist event as well. So the very first question that Rachel Scott, the reporter asked was actually, you know, she, she, she addressed the elephant in the room and she talked about what the issues are, but she was actually nice. I mean, she thanked Donald Trump for showing up nicer than, you know, she had to be thanked him for showing up.


Said, we appreciate you spending an hour of time here, but we have to address the elephant in the room that a lot of people don't think that you should be here. Here are the things that you said. Then she just lists the things that he's actually said, quoting him, quoting him. So what is your response to people? And rather than address it, Donald Trump attacked Rachel Scott for asking the question. By the way, Rachel Scott was the reporter who also asked some of the best questions on Capitol Hill as well, you know, to the members of Congress that we've highlighted too. So, you know, she's, she's a great reporter, A plus here, here, here's what went down here, play the clip. I wanna start by addressing the elephant in the room.


Sir, a lot of people did not think it was appropriate for you to be here today. You have pushed false claims about some of your rivals from Nikki Haley to former President Barack Obama saying that they were not born in the United States, which is not true. You have told four congressmen, women of color, who were American citizens to go back to where they came from. You have used words like animal and rabid to describe black district attorneys. You've attacked black journalists, calling them a loser, saying the questions that they ask are stupid and racist. You've had dinner with a white supremacist at your Mar-a-Lago resort. So my question, sir, now that you are asking black supporters to vote for you, why should black voters trust you after you have used language like that?


Well, first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question. So in, in such a horrible manner, the first question, you don't even say, hello, how are you? Are you with A, B, C? Because I think they're a fake news network, a terrible network. And I think it's disgraceful that I came here in good spirit, I love the black population of this country. I've done so much for the black population of this country. I mean, just think about his, and by the way, her question, she started off again nicer than she even had to be to him, you know, welcomed him there. So then as the interview continues on that path, Donald Trump then blames the panelists for bad equipment, even though Donald Trump showed up late because he didn't want to be fact checked.


So this is again, part of Donald, Donald Trump's like sociopathic nature here play this clip. It is going down and our crime rate is going to be a disaster. Mr. President, I, I wanna get into how you address some of the issues with black communities. And I say that plural because we live in communities of color that are different. We're not all the same. We don't vote the same, we don't think the same. True. It's not monolithic. So as you come here today, I wanna talk about something that bursts, and this is the weight of the inflation on this country right now. The nonprofit Money Management International recently released data from its mid-year analysis that we have found a 52% rise in people who are seeking counseling for being in credit debt.


They're paying for food that is sky high on their credit cards and now they can't pay that off the credit counseling nonprofit. MMI, as I said, is saying now that they've seen surges that they haven't seen since we were in a pandemic of people in financial trouble. Much of that falls on the the shoulders of single moms, single black moms. When you look statistically, yeah, how do you turn it around? What's your plan for the black community when it comes to money? So First of all, it's very hard to hear you for whatever reason because of the fact that they have bad equipment. 'cause I guess, you know, this woman was unable to get the right equipment, but it's very hard for me to hear you, but I can hear every other word. It's very difficult actually.


But, so I don't know if they can fix it or do something with it, but I'll do the best I can with it. And so Harris Faulkner, who asked that question, she's with Fox. So she would give him the softball questions or try to give him the softball question. So even when she would try to kinda spoonfeed him a really easy question, he would find ways to respond by attacking Rachel Scott and the other panelists because again, that is who he is. He's a malignant narcissist sociopath. And you're seeing that on display there, there was even the moment where Harris Faulkner shouted out, oh my goodness, because Trump wasn't answering the questions and he was just attacking Rachel Scott, the reporter who asked the first question over and over again Here, watch that moment.


Or would you? Oh, absolutely. And who would make, I think I'd know. How would you Make that decision? I think I'd know. Look, if I came onto a stage like this and I got treated so rudely is this woman treated me. Oh my goodness. And I'm fine with it because she, it does it. She was very rude, sir. Very rude. That was a nasty, that wasn't a question. She ask me a question, the question, she gave a statement that wasn't a question. I repeated your statements, sir. Actually, Look, I can show you 10 more clips like that, but you get the point. I'd rather spend our time productively together and contrast what you just saw there to vice President, Kamala Harris in Texas. Here's what she said in Houston about what you just observed Donald Trump do here play this clip.


We all here remember what those four years were like. And today we were given yet another reminder this afternoon, Donald Trump spoke at the annual meeting of the National Association of Black Journalists. And it was the same old show, the divisiveness and the disrespect. And let me just say the American people deserve better. Yes, the American people deserve better.


The American people deserve a leader who tells the truth. A leader who does not respond with hostility and anger when confronted with the facts. We deserve a leader who understands that our differences do not divide us. They are an essential source of our strengths. So I say to Sigma Gamma Row Sorority incorporated, ours is a fight for the future, A fight for the future, a vision for the future. While Donald Trump is trying to take us not just to the past, but his dystopian past.


And that's why I wanted to start the show by showing you those clips of who he's always been. Vice President Kamala Harris spoke earlier in the week in Atlanta before a packed house, just so you see how defensive Donald Trump is. Donald Trump then decided he was gonna speak in front of the same stadium at a later date to which you know, is gonna have far less energy. So I'm looking forward to comparing the crowds and the enthusiasm. But here are two of my favorite moments from Vice President Kamala Harris's speech. Here is where she talks about Donald Trump being too big of a coward to debate her. And he says, you wanna say, she says, you wanna say these things, say it to my face.


I'm not afraid of you. Let's go here, play the clip. So the momentum in this race is shifting To, And there are signs that Donald Trump is feeling it. You may have noticed. So last week you may have seen he pulled out of the debate in September. He had previously agreed to. So, so, so here's the thing here. Here's the funny thing about that. Here's the funny thing about that. So he won't debate, but he and his running mate should seem to have a lot to say about me.


And by the way, don't you find some of their stuff to just be plain weird? Yeah. Well, Donald, I do hope you'll reconsider to meet me on the debate stage Because As the saying goes, if you've got something to say, Say it to my face.


Now compare that to what Donald Trump said at his traveling fascist circus, WWE cosplay event in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. And you can see that vice President Kamala Harris is in his head. 'cause here's what Donald Trump had to say about her. Brett play this clip Trying to pass herself off as a tough on crime prosecutor. She wasn't tough on crime. She's only tough on guys like me That would make her, that would make her tough on crime. Crime if she tough on tough think so. I'm tough on guys like I want us talk more about what happened in Harrisburg. I wanna definitely speak about the bringing of the hostages home by President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris and more Wanna remind everyone, patreon.com/midas touch, we don't have outside investors here, so you can help grow this network over there, store dot midas touch.com as well to get that great pro democracy gear, right?


Let me say this one thing. Also, we're very excited that on Monday at 9:15 PM Eastern six 15 Pacific, we are going to be doing a free premiere of our hit documentary Against All Enemies, right here on YouTube. There is a link in the description of this show. You could click right now, you could set your reminders, you could give it a thumbs up, you could start leaving comments. We're going to have a big watch party on Monday. This movie is so important. That's Monday at nine 15 Eastern, six 15 Pacific. It's so important. If you've watched it already on Apple TV or Amazon, you could watch it again now for free. If you haven't seen it yet, here's your opportunity to see it for free with the rest of the Midas Touch family.


And we also got an extra surprise here. You're gonna get to chat with the creators while the movie's going on. They're gonna be in the chat. Ken Harbaugh, who you know from the Midas Touch Network, the producer of the film is going to be in the chat, taking your questions, chatting with everybody about everything going on. And Charlie Setoff, the director of the movie, is going to be in the live chat during the premiere. So you do not wanna miss this. Set your reminders now. I'm so excited. This movie is so important. And so we felt that it was very important to get this movie out for free, to make sure as many people are able to see this before the elections, to show what is at stake. We got a lot more to talk about. I wanna talk about all the things that Ben was speaking about before.


Don't go anywhere. We got one last quick break of the show.


It's hot outside and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics. Inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands. And feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores, cause breakouts and acne sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo Midas, MEI ds asset checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try Miracle T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-L-E. Try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40%. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Hey everyone. I wanna share something that's really made a difference for me when it comes to enjoying a night out with friends. It's called Zbiotics Pre-Cool. Pre-Cool is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make Zbiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on hitting the gym, enjoying a brunch, or just getting some important work done Without worry, I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical of Zbiotics at first, but then while hanging out with my friends at our favorite bar downtown, I decided to give it a try. And let me tell you, it really works. The first time I tried pre-cool was during a friend's wedding weekend. I had my first drink of the night, a delicious old fashioned, by the way. Right after taking Zbiotics the next morning, I was up early, feeling great and ready to join the rest of the wedding party for breakfast and activities. It was a total game changer with vacations, weddings, birthdays, and reunions. There's so much going on this summer. Get the most outta your plans by stocking up on pre-Cool. Now go to Zbiotics dot com slash midas to get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, pre-cool is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Zbiotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times. I love it. I love it. Links in description of YouTube and audio. I could vouch personally for both of these products. I go to sleep every night on my Miracle Made sheets. They're fabulous. And Zbiotics definitely helps you recover and have a nice, have a nice good day the next day. So check those out. They're fabulous guys.


Is JD Van just like the worst VP pick in in history? Oh my. We called it day one. I got, I gotta say, Did you see, did you see Shady Van? He put on his little outfit today, he put on his little costume and he went to the border to act like the tough common man and went to the border. And by the Way, can I just tell you what's so ridiculous About this? It's so Absolutely pathetic. We should talk about JD just like that. Yeah. Oh yeah, he should. Yeah, we should. Jamie, you're gonna put on your costume. So He's, and so, so, and you know what, he also co he contemplates his family man, right? This person who cares about the family. And so what JD Vance did today is so emblematic of, of Maga, of Trump, of, of JD Vance, of all these people, because they're all such frauds.


They're all such phonies. So today, you know, a few days ago, you know, Kamala Harris was criticizing JD Vance for his weird childless cat lady comments. And like, apparently this is some, this is like his main thing. Like there are like video clips of JD Vance making video Clips, tweets tweet, talking about childless cat ladies, Cat ladies talking like, like, why are you so concerned with other people having kids and women? And like, it's like, just, it's creepy, dude. It's it's weird. It's creepy. Like stop it. And so JD Vance a few days ago, he tried to be like, oh, what Kamala Harris is saying is she opposes the child tax credit. I mean the child tax credit that Kamala Harris said was one of her biggest accomplishments as vice president that she pushed for.


And so the smart thing that the Democrats did today was they said, okay, JD Vance, okay, Republicans, you're for the child tax credit now because you voted it down when we tried to expand it last time when we tried to keep it going, y'all torched it. So we're putting it up for a vote. You say you're for the child tax credit bet, let's do it. And so Chuck Schumer puts it on the floor today. And what happens, of course the Republicans vote against it, they voted down, it does not proceed. And JD Vance flees to the border for this photo op. And that's why he is wearing this outfit because he wanted to take a photo at the border. Meanwhile, in real world, this is about like, you know, talking IIII was saying Georgia today, you know what it is, it's talking shit versus getting shit done.


And this is the perfect example because you know what's actually happening at the, at the border due to Vice President Harris and President Biden border crossings are at their lowest levels since September, 2020. Like the work is actually getting done and things are actually being solved at the border. And instead of taking care of families, instead of helping them, you have them cosplaying in their flannel shirts going down to the border with all this fakery. It's just The perf it makes it extra worse. Brett, because he wanted to avoid, he wanted an excuse why he didn't have to show up to the vote where he was gonna vote against it. So the same way, you know, he uses, you know, his beard to invent a different personality for him.


Like he grew that beard out. Oh, The actual Beard. An actual beard. Oh yeah. I mean there's plays on work, but the way he, the way he has kind of these different personalities, he, he's, you know, he uses the border as a way to distract from the fact that he was gonna be voting against. And Republicans voted against the child tax credit, which vice President Kamala Harris and President Biden pushed and was one of the things that they were proud of. It kind of reminds me of when Donald Trump fled it's common theme here. Cowards fled to Scotland and Ireland after Donald Trump saying, I'm gonna show up and testify against Eugene Carroll.


I'm gonna confront her And. then he held the shovel and in like, when he went to like Ireland and he pretended he pretend weird, right? Weird. He pretended that he was building like he was digging himself. And that's why he was going there, And. Then they were like, their reporters asked him like, so are you gonna go back and you're gonna confront? He was like, well I'm, I'm building here as, as you can see. But he is like, I'm gonna go back and confront her. So then that word got to the federal judge, and so the federal judge was to, was went to Donald Trump's lawyer. Hey, so is Donald Trump. It was Taina the lawyer at the time, tacky taina and, and And. then the, and the judge is like, so is Trump coming back?


'cause he claims he's coming back and you just close the evidence without him And. then t's like, you know what I'm dealing with judge. Like he's a alive, like he's, he's not coming back. And the judge is like, all right, I'll give him to Monday to stop cosplaying that he's building something in Scotland to show up. Weird thing to do. Is it true? A Weird thing. And speaking of weird things, like the funny thing is this weird attack on Donald Trump for whatever reason is like, like it's destroying him inside destroying like, like the MAGA people, they don't know how to react to this attack. Like they liked being called fascist. They like being called authoritarian. Like they love that they felt strong by it, but being kind of ostracized due to their weird beliefs and dangerous policies and their overall creepiness has gotten in their heads so much that Trump is like bringing it up in interviews now.


Yet Donald Trump on this phone and interview today. And he just like wanted to insist, Hey, I'm not weird. No one's ever called me weird. I'm not weird. It's like, it's really in his head. I'll, I'll play this moment. It's so funny. Well, they're the weird ones and if you've ever seen her with a laugh and everything else, that's a weird deal going on there. She, they're the weird ones. Nobody's ever called me weird. I'm a lot of things but weird. I'm not and I'm upfront and he's not either. I will tell you JD is not at all, they are Something weird person. I think we have a Venn diagram though, Brett, for what he is though, right? I mean, yeah, yeah, Yeah. This is, I think this is helpful for all the listeners at home, for the viewers at home, you could check it out. This is also on our social media, but it's a helpful just, I, you know, we like to make helpful infographics, you know, that could be shared, that could help people out.


So we made this one because they were very confused that somebody could be biracial and Donald Trump is also a mix of a few different things. So I wanted to make sure that, that folks could easily get this information. So here's the Venn diagram. You see Kamala Harris, right? She is a, an Indian mother and a Jamaican father. And. then you have Kamala Harris, right? Yeah. With Donald Trump. He's a both a rapist and a fraud star fraudster. And that's Donald Trump And. then in that Venn diagram, we love a good Venn diagram here, folks. We love good, here's enough, we love a good Venn diagram. And by the way, like feel free to like, you know, you could Photoshop it. There's a lot of things that you could input. You could switch out fraudster with felon, maybe do more circles, insurrectionist, you know, like the list is endless.


I don't think we need to stop it here, but I think this is, is is fairly clear in getting the point across. But the funny thing is you call Donald Trump all those things, right? It fell in rapist fraudster, like, like the horrible things that he is. But for whatever reason, nothing has angered him as much as being called weird. And it's just a very bizarre thing. We put toge, we So, so I was, I would say this you can take saying those are his idols though. Those are his idols. The felons, right? Capone the fraudsters. I mean those are the people that he liked the fascists, right? You always hear him talk about dictators. He idolizes them. So say in his part of hearts being called weird is heartbreaking to him because at its core that's exactly what he is.


He's not an alpha like these Republicans and these MAs like to call themselves, they're weird. So you can take the three brothers out of their childhood home where we would engage and sometimes immature brother banter and you could put us in podcasts, but we'll never still lose that element. So Donald Trump, because that is affecting you so much before the show. Brett just made this, Brett made this video, let's play it. I can't believe I'm doing it. You know the the weird thing when I say cannibal lecter, the weird, actually it's bad news, bad things happening. Weird. I'm sorry. Weird. Ah, I can't do it.


Mom. Weird. The late great Hannibal lector weird. There was a shark or you get electrocuted. Weird thing he was with four hookers. You think that was good that night? He's not into golden showers, as they say, they call me. Weird thing. What an ending. What? Definitely It definitely, it definitely had a an arc told. Yeah. Yeah. It, it told the story. Tell, tell The story. I wanna show you this though, is that this is a flashback. Donald Trump recently said that, you know, certain hostages that Putin had taken would only be released if Donald Trump won, right? You think about all the things that Donald Trump said, he said that the stock market would crash if he didn't win and the stock market did twice as good than it was when he was in office.


And, then he takes credit for it, you know? So one of the things that Donald Trump says that the only person who will ever, you know, that he would have to be in office to allow hostages to be released. Almost like A threat, Honestly, almost like a Yeah. To totally a threat. Well, president Biden negotiated the release of Evan Gers Covich, Paul wheen and other hostages. Let me just show you. This is the weird, creepy selfie video that Donald Trump made of himself, of, of him saying that he, he, he would be needed to, to speak to Putin. Here, play this clip. Evan Kovich, the reporter for the Wall Street Journal, who is being held by Russia, will be released almost immediately after the election. But definitely before I assume office, he will be home.


He'll be safe. Vladimir Putin, president of Russia will do that for me, and I don't believe he'll do it for anyone else, and we will be paying nothing. Biden likes to pay massive numbers. We will be paying nothing. Thank you very much. Here's what President Biden said today announcing. It's a very good afternoon. A very good afternoon indeed. Here's the press conference. President Biden held to play Well, good afternoon, and this is a very good afternoon, a very good afternoon. Today we're bringing on Paul, Evan Sue, Vladimir, three American citizens and one American green card holder. All four have been imprisoned unjustly in Russia.


Paul, for nearly six years, Vladimir since 2022, Evans since March of 2023 and ISU since October of 2023. Russian authorities arrested them, convicted them in show trials and send them to long prison terms with absolutely no legitimate reason whatsoever. None. Paul, a former Marine, was in Russia for a wedding. Evan, a journalist with a Russian in Russia was, was in Russia assigned by the Wall Street Journal also, also a journalist was in Russia to see family, all three falsely accused of being spies.


And Vladimir was a Russian citizen by birth and holds an American green card. It's a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and was a Paul bearer of my friend John McCain's funeral with me. He spoke out against Putin's regime, and for that he was convicted of treason. And now their brutal Lord deal is over and they're free. Moments ago, the families and I were able to speak to them on telephone from the Oval Office. They're out of Russia earlier today. They're flown to Turkey and soon there'll be wheels up on their way home to see their families. This is an incredible relief for all the family members gathered here.


It's a relief to the friends and colleagues all across the country who've been praying for this day for a long time. Here's an incredible piece of information as well. President Biden, about an hour before he notified the world that he was dropping out of the presidential race on July 21st, called the Prime Minister of Slovenia, whose country was contributing to convicted Russian spies to the swap to secure the pardon necessary for the deal to proceed. CIA director, William Burns, traveled to Turkey last week to meet with his counterpart there and finalize the logistics for the swap. So President Biden working very hard behind the scenes at a very micro level to deal with the unique nuances of, of this.


Donald Trump was asked in 2019 about Paul Wheelin, one of the hostages. And Donald Trump's response was, we're looking into it. We're looking into it. And so President Biden was asked by the reporters, you know, about, you know, Donald Trump saying that he would do this or he'd be able to do this. Take a look at President Biden's response though when he was asked about it. President Biden, what a chance President Trump has said repeatedly that he could have gotten the hostages out without giving anything in exchange. What do he say to that? What do he say to President Trump now, former president, why do you need to his president? Sir, why did you, This is Biden at his best, you know?


And I want you to think about too, like the families of these people who are so cruelly imprisoned by Russia and the efforts, the, just the monumental efforts by The Biden Harris administration to set them free. Yeah, national Security Advisor, Jake Sullivan today, he said, quote, if you had not had Biden sitting in the Oval Office, I don't think this would've happened. President Biden, this was all going on. While there was all this pressure on him to step down while all this election stuff was happening, he was still keeping his head down and staying focused on the job. And I think that's one of the incredible things about President Biden and why he's going to be remembered as possibly one of the greatest presidents of all time, because he is somebody who actually gets stuff done.


While you have Donald Trump spewing his hatred and his propaganda, Donald Trump is a poser. Let's get it straight. Donald Trump is a poser. He's a fake, he's a fraud, he's a creep, he's a weirdo. He's everything that President Biden is not. And President Biden is a guy who actually does the job and gets stuff done. And that is important. I like people who get stuff done for the American people. And you gotta remember also, this isn't even the first time. Remember, Biden also previously freed a marine vet, Trevor Reed, who Trump also left in Russia, did absolutely nothing for President Biden continues to get these wrongfully detained prisoners home.


Trump just continues to spew his nonsense of note. Also, I might add there's, they were talking about today how intimately the vice president was involved in all this. I think that's important, especially to show her how she executes in these foreign policy situations. They said that she was absolutely crucial to getting this job done as well. And it speaks to the leadership of this administration. And these are tangible things that really impact people's lives. And I want, I don't want that human element to be lost from the political element of it and from the foreign policy element of it, that people are affected by these decisions.


People are affected by the elections. And when you have someone like Putin's Puppet who abandons all of our allies and Donald Trump And, then you have President Biden who was actually able to coordinate all of this. And he emphasized this both in his written statement and in his statement before the press today, president Biden was able to get together all of our allies, working coordination with all of our allies, with all of these countries to get the job done. That's only possible if you understand foreign diplomacy. That's only possible if you understand that there are strength in numbers, strength in alliances, and not bowing down to Vladimir Putin like he's like, you're his puppy dog. Donald Trump Jordy.


Speaking of strength in numbers, I just wanted to use, I know we're closing out folks here at the Pro-democracy community, the Midas mighty, thank you all for your continued support, especially over these last couple of weeks. as I said last week, I know there's a mass exodus happening right now with corporate media and their corporate interest and their corporate dollars. And we here, we, the collective, we us, the Midas mighty, everyone tuning in and subscribing, we're the reason why corporate media is so obsolete now because we come here for the truth and nothing but the truth. And so that's what we do and remain unapologetically pro-democracy. So my one ask to this community, if you haven't already, please subscribe right now to the YouTube channel. We are going to hit 3 million subscribers before the election. Mark my words.


We're going to do that And. then also, please subscribe to wherever you get your audio podcasts. Rate us five stars. It helps grow and expand the community. And as you see more and more people get frustrated with corporate media, let them know that there's an outlet for their frustration where people speak in pro-democracy terms and really understand what's truly at stake. This isn't, this isn't, this isn't a horse race, this isn't a football game. People's lives are at stake and people have to come and meet the moment. And we're so grateful that y'all are meeting the moment with us. So thank you. One Last reminder against All Enemies. Monday, 9:15 PM Eastern six 15 Pacific, right here on the Midas Touch Network. We are offering it for free. That's right for free.


And I'm so excited to be able to share it with everybody, whether you weren't able to purchase it or rent it or for those who wanna watch it again and you're, like I said earlier, you're going to be able to watch it alongside the creators, Ken Harbaugh and the director Charlie Soff. It's gonna be a really special experience. I hope you watch, I hope you share it. That's gonna be basically immediately following our live show on Monday at nine 50. This is gonna be at 9:15 PM Eastern. Once again, the link is in the description to this episode. Make sure you click it, set your reminders, give it a thumbs up now and get ready. I'm so excited to share this with the world because getting these messages out is the most important thing that we could all be doing.


Ben Store dot midas touch.com, get your gear. Shout out to all of our partner channels, the Adam Mackler channel, the Tennessee Brando channel, the Michael Cohen show channel at the Michael Cohen Show. True crime MTN Coalition of the Saying, talking Feds and others. Great work, all of you. Thanks everybody for watching. Store Midas touch.com. Check it out, patreon.com/midas Touch for the after show Jordy. Take it away. Shout out to the Midas Mida Theas.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch against all enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.