
The data that excites me right now, it's data like this from a New York Times poll, which says, from the people who have actually voted already, even where we're seeing some higher turnout in Republican areas, vice President Kamala Harris up 59% to 40% against Donald Trump with people who actually voted. But get this, and this is where these attack ads are coming into play. Among the 15% of voters still not fully decided. Vice President Kamala Harris is up by 10 points. Two weeks ago, Donald Trump led that group by one.


So the late breaking undecided voters are overwhelmingly right now going in favor of Vice President, Kamala Harris. And I think it's 'cause people want normalcy. People want democracy. People want sanity. And as they're now paying attention to the stakes here, they're watching Donald Trump and they're like, whoa, this person is out of their mind. I wouldn't want my kids to behave like that. So take a look though at these attack ads that are reinforcing that message, like this one here from the Lincoln Project. I think it's brilliant and it features kids who are saying the things that Donald Trump says and You would.


And it's like You would never want your kids to say things like this. Here, watch this. Let's play it. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. They're eating. They're eating the pets of the people that live there. He's a war hero. 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. I Only need 11,000 votes, fellas. I need 11,000 votes. Gimme A break. She was always of Indian heritage until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black. I have concepts of a plan. They take your child. It was a he and comes back as she for 54 years. They were trying To get Roe v. Wade terminated and I did it.


There has to be some form of punishment for the woman. Yeah, we fight like hell. And if you don't fight like hell, you're not gonna have a country anymore. Donald Trump's father. Fred suffered from horrible dementia. And so here the Lincoln Project put out this other one right here saying, Fred Trump also used the weave as he spiraled further into dementia. Donald Trump carries that family tradition of dementia today.


Here play this clip. You know it's true, Dom, you've always known you're tired. It's so obvious. Weak. So weak, sick in the head, New Atlantic reporting Trump. I need the kind of generals that Hitler Had old as fuck. Sleepy Naptime grandpa. Crazy. So crazy weird. Everyone thinks so low energy, low tea, inappropriate stories. And Arnold Palmer was old man. He took showers with the other pros. They came out of there. They said, oh my God, that's unbelievable. Off your game. Embarrassing, confused, rambling, lost, wandering, scared.


See, you're falling apart. Donald in front of everyone. Doctors say it's dementia. Doctors know, just like Fred had, he's boy, you're losing the race. You can't even see it. And your mind, do you even know where you're, you won't even remember this ad. Donald So sad. Here's another one now from the Lincoln Project here that says, praise for dictators and disdain for American leaders. Standard stuff for Donald Trump. Play this clip And Putin and the whole group, Kim Jong-un, they're tough guys out there. They're tough and they're smart and they're street wise and they're, they're at the top of their game and we don't have that.


We're like a, we're like a garbage can for the world. That's what's happened. That's what's happened to, we're like a garbage can. First time I've ever said garbage can. But you know what, it's a very accurate description. That's the thing too. Front page of Drudge Donald Trump trashes the United States in all of Donald Trump's campaign speeches. He keeps on saying the USA is the garbage can of the world. So my friend George Conway said, well, Abraham Lincoln said the last best hope of earth. That's the United States of America. Ronald Reagan said, the shining city upon a hill, Donald Trump said of America, a garbage can for the world.


My friend, Congress member Eric Swalwell, put out this ad. We got the exclusive to it at the Midas Touch Network. Watch it. We were so worried they're Eating the dogs. He wasn't making any sense. And People come in, they're eating the cats, And he just kept getting worse. They did dumps, that's what they call them. Dumps. Big, massive dumps. Gross in Michigan and Pennsylvania all over. We had to do something. They will take the life of the child in the ninth month, even after birth, they'll execute the baby. You Sound crazy right now.


Then a friend told us there was somewhere he could get the help he so desperately needed called a place for Trump Person, woman man camera tv. Now he has round the clock support and can enjoy the things he loves, like eating cheeseburgers and rage posting at 3:00 AM I know windmills very much and they're driving the whales, I think a little bitty. Sure. So this November, let's vote to put him in a place for Trump, because we all know he belongs in a home. Just not this one. I have concepts of a plan. Of course you do.


Here's another one from the Lincoln Project talking about Donald Trump being found liable for sexual assault. Let's play it. Every woman knows the terror of sexual abuse and assault. Too many of us know the pain firsthand. Some attack is mentally. Some go beyond that. For too many, it's physical, even fatal. There's no excuse for sexual assault and abuse unless I don't even know who Your Republican Donald Trump, Who she's Supporting.


Donald Trump sends a message to every abuser, a stunning verdict. Every rapist has Been ordered to pay, And every man who's ever used his power to write her to hurt a woman, because if he can do it, why shouldn't they?


So you all probably know by now, my wife and I had a beautiful baby girl. Her name is Jimena. And for all the parents out there, I wanna let you know the secret that has allowed Jimena to have the best night's sleep and frankly has given me the peace of mind. It's called snoo. You heard of the snoo. It's founded by world renowned pediatrician, Dr. Harvey Karp. I'm sure you probably have his book For all the new parents out there, happiest Babies, the company, they've created some incredible smart products that take some of the exhaustion out of parenting. I can vouch for that. So let's start with Snu Smart Sleeper. It's a robotic bassinet that uses a kind of wo like rocking and white noise to soothe babies to sleep, helping them get an extra one to two hours of rest each night. When babies fuss, the SNOO responds automatically with more extra soothing to quickly calm, crying. That means you get to stay asleep. What makes snoo in even more of a league of its own is that it's the only bassinet that's FDA de Novo authorized to keep sleeping babies safely on their backs. It's used in over 175 hospitals. SNU is available to buy brand new certified pre-owned or even rent for the cost of a coffee a day. But that's not all. There's also happiest babies. Sleepiest Swaddle rated number one by the New York Times wire cutter, Babylist parents, good housekeeping and many more. Swaddling is an awesome parenting hack to help babies sleep longer and better and sleepy as five second. Design makes it fast and easy to swaddle babies, snugly and securely every time, even if it's 2:00 AM and you're half asleep. And finally, there's snobby and all in one portable white noise machine and color changing nightlight. Its calming sounds are perfect for helping your baby drift off to sleep at home or on the go. It also works as a sleep trainer to help toddlers and little kids learn when it's time to sleep and when it's okay, To, get outta bed ready for safer, better sleep. Head over to happiest baby.com/midas and use the code Midas To. get 20% off these and other smart sleep solutions today. Shop happiest baby because every family deserves better sleep. That's happiest baby.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S Happiest baby.com/midas.


And check out this one. This is a new ad from Vice President Kamala Harris with John Kelly. Donald Trump's former chief of staff, a four star general. This guy worked with Donald Trump. Donald Trump's chief of staff. Here's the ad from Kamala Harris Play the clip. Do you think he's a fascist? Well, he certainly falls into the general definition of a fascist. It's a far right authoritarian, ultranationalist, political ideology and movement characterized by a dicial leader, but the former president, certainly an authoritarian.


Using the military to go after American citizens is a very, very bad thing. He admires people who are dictators. He commented more than once that Hitler did some good things too. If he was left to his own devices, would he be a dictator if he didn't have people around him? Oh, I think you'd love to be. When Somebody's the president, the authority is total. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. I love the work that this group is doing. Business leaders for Harris, this is Jackie. She's an entrepreneur from Michigan.


She was a two-time Trump voter as well. And here she talks about why she's supporting Vice President Kamala Harris for her small business success. Play this clip. I'm a two-time Trump voter and I am voting for Harris I am a business owner. A second Trump presidency would be harmful for the country and our economy because he doesn't get us. He does not understand the small business. Great Ad. Here's another one from the Lincoln Project. Trump's exploiting a hot button culture war issue, a policy of his own administration because he's losing badly Play the clip. Have you seen this ad? Donald Trump is spending millions attacking Kamala Harris on a desperate lie.


Taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners and illegal aliens is a Trump administration policy. He's attacking Kamala Harris for his own record, and he thinks you are too dumb. To, get it. He's Gaslighting America because Trump is for he, him. Kamala is for us. Here's another one from the Lincoln Project where they go. Trump hates our military because they stand for everything. He hates freedom and the Constitution, if elected again, he'll do everything he can to make our military his personal Gestapo Play the clip. We live in a time when our politics often divides us, but respect for our military unites us country over party.


For the first time, a candidate for president threatens to use our proud military to settle political scores. Trump has threatened to put former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff, mark Millie before a military tribunal with penalty of death. This election stand with our military, stand with the Constitution, America or Trump. Here's an ad for Vice President Kamala Harris by Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Play the clip. I've only got one vote and it's one of the most precious possessions that I have. That's why I'll be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh.


Donald Trump doesn't understand what it means to be deeply American. On the other hand, Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz are committed to a vision of this country that respects and includes everyone. That's the vision of America. I've been consistently writing about for 55 years. This one comes from Republican voters against Trump. Kyle, who's been on the Midas Touch Network before Stars in this ad. He's a two time Trump voter from Alabama. Here's why. He's voting for Vice President, Kamala Harris. Let's play it. I'm a lifelong Republican and I voted for Trump twice, but I can't do it again. Trump wants a national sales tax on imported goods.


It'll make everything more expensive for regular people, all while giving tax breaks to billionaires. You're rich as hell. We're gonna give you tax cuts. Kamala Harris is for regular people. She wants a tax cut for a hundred million Americans. So we keep more of our hard-earned money. I'm a proud Republican, but this year I'm voting for Kamala Harris And this one from Republican voters against Trump. They go Donald Trump is unwell. They put this one out when there was 11 days left. And they show what Donald Trump does at his various speeches where he makes these weird noises. Play the clip. Ah, Yeah.


Ah, ah, yeah. And she and it's bad news. Bad things are happening, mom. I'm sorry. Ah, Okay. Oh, ah. Ah. And finally, here's one from the Lincoln Project where they go, are you still undecided? Just watch and ask yourself, can this train wreck handle being President Play the clip. I was pretty much undecided in this race till I heard Donald Trump talking about Arnold Palmer's penis. Now, I'm a Trump guy. He Took showers with the other pros.


They came out of there. They said, oh my God, I wasn't gonna vote for Donald Trump until he freaked out at a rally and spent 40 minutes just swaying to music. I decided to vote for Trump when he talked about the crowd reaction through his debate, And they corrected me everything I said practically, and I think nine times or 11 times. And the audience was absolutely, they went crazy When I heard his warning about sharks. That was it. I'm going with Trump, but you know what I'd do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted? I'll take electrocution every single time. He's a stable genius. Bad news, bad things are happening.


I'm sorry, Donald Trump, because we want a guy in his eighties who talks about Arnold Palmer's penis sharks and whatever the hell he's trying to say. So folks you know by now that at the Midas Touch Network, we've been sharing, collecting these stories of independents, Republicans who are voting for vice President, Kamala, Harris. And as I've been saying all along, this is about this is not a normal election, right? This isn't like, oh well, the policies of a liberal and the policies of a conservative. Now Donald Trump ain't conservative. What we're dealing with here is an election of democracy and vice President, Kamala Harris and normalcy and sanity and facts and stability.


Vice President, Kamala, Harris. And on the other hand, you've got Trump and Maga and this Kim Jong-un style political thing that's called maga that's taken over the Republican Party tho. Those are the choices right now. So where do you stand? Where do you stand? I hope these ads have also showed you the stakes, each of them pretty compelling. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.