
Bombshell after bombshell today. Bombshell number one, Donald Trump's handpicked Republican nominee for governor of North Carolina. embroiled in scandal. CNN broke a major story. We'll break it all down. Bombshell number two, Donald Trump down in the polls and down in some polls. Very, very big bombshell Number three Ted Cruz down in the morning. Consult poll in Texas is Florida Texas in play. We'll break it down the next bombshell. Donald. Trump gives a humiliating campaign event in New. York. He claims he's going to flip New York Red entirely unhinged.


We'll break it down. Also going down interest rates, dropping 50 basis points. The stock market. meanwhile going the opposite direction. Record highs That is meanwhile the Trump stock going in the opposite direction of that, the Trump stock is tanking. Folks, we'll break it all down here on the Midas Dutch podcast. I'm Ben Marcellus here with Brett and Jordy before the introduction of Brett and Jordy. Let's do something a little bit atypical first, showing you the video clip of Donald Trump, repeatedly praising Mark Robinson, who's now embroiled in scandal. Let's play the clip. Mark Robinson. He's out there. He's fighting. Okay, Very good man. This is Martin Luther King on steroids.


I think you're better than Martin Luther King. I think you are Martin Luther King times two. I think he's going to go down as one of the great leaders come in our country. One, I've been with him a lot. I've gotten to know him and he's outstanding. And he's outstanding in presentation, but he's probably even more outstanding in heart. Somebody that we have to be very, very careful. We have to cherish. We have to cherish Mark. He's a star. You have to cherish him. Amen. It's like a fine wine because that's what you have. You have a fine wine. He's an outstanding person. I've gotten to know so well and fairly quickly Now at the time, Donald Trump was saying those things before the story broke today, which Brett, I want you to talk to us about. Can I please show the Midas mighty what we did know about Mark Robinson and what we were reporting on here at the Midas Touch Network.


For years, we've been reporting on this guy who's the Lieutenant governor of North Carolina. We were raising the red flag. Mark Robinson here is talking about killing them all. Listen to what he says, Play it. You know, it was a time when we used to meet evil on the battlefield, and guess what we did to it? We killed it. We didn't quibble about it. We didn't argue about it. We didn't fight about it. We killed it when the Japanese Bob Pearl Harbor. What did we do? We flew to Japan and we killed the Japanese Army and Navy. We didn't even quibble about it. I didn't start this fight. You did. You wanted to be left alone. You shoulda left me alone.


We didn't argue and capitulate and talk about, well, maybe we shouldn't fight the Nazis that hard. No, they're bad. Kill them. Some liberal somewhere is gonna say, that sounds awful. Too bad. Get mad at me if you want to. Some folks need killing. It's time for somebody to say it. It's not a matter of vengeance, it's not a matter of being mean or spiteful. It's a matter of necessity. We have wicked people doing wicked things, So endorsing political violence.


If you want to know who he's talking about, it is like talking about people who don't agree with his politics among other people. Here he is saying he wants to go back to a time in America where women couldn't vote. Play this clip. I would say to him, if I was standing in front of him, I absolutely want to go back to the America where women couldn't vote. And then finally, at the time, Donald Trump recorded those various endorsements strong as Donald Trump would say, strong and powerful endorsements. Here's the kind of aggregated video of the types of things that Mark Robinson was saying. This is from the Democratic governor's a Play it Abortion is a scourge that needs to be run outta this land.


It's not your body anymore. That's right. It's y'all's body. And yes, that includes the daddy. So many things were lost during the Civil rights movement. So many freedoms were lost during the Civil rights movement. They shouldn't have been lost. I love to pass a law that restricts abortion. We could pass the bills. Say you can't have an abortion in North Carolina for any reason. This little minor thing happens in January. Oh, Roger, a horrible, if there's a movement in this country that is demonic and that is full of the spirit of antichrist, it is the transgender movement, homosexuality, any of that filth.


And yes, I called it filth. Abortion is a scourge that needs to be run outta this land. Brett and Jordy, I welcome you to the show on the breaking news that the past social media posts of Mark Robinson have been revealed showing an affinity for transgender pornography. Quote, this is what Mark Robinson said. He said he likes to watch tranny on girl porn. That's effing hot. It takes the man out while leaving the man in. And yeah, I'm a perv too. He says in these posts now, he denies making those posts, although CNN traced it to an account that certainly appears to be his.


He also talked about being, being a peeping Tom and doing things to himself while peeping on naked women as well. That's the breaking news before the show. Brett Jordy, welcome to another day of bombshells in our political landscape. Another day of bombshells. But I, I'd like to say it's unusual, but it's like another day in the life of Maga, of MAGA Republicans. I mean I mean, like you said, Ben. This was already kind of brewing with all those past statements with Mark Robinson. While Donald Trump was comparing Mark Robinson, not only comparing Mark Robinson to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr, but saying he's better than Martin Luther King Jr. Those comments that Robinson had said, were already out there.


All those things were already out there. That woman shouldn't vote that you should kill your political enemies. Donald Trump knows who this guy is, and I guess the only reason why Donald Trump likes him is because Mark Robinson is a MAGA extremist who also happens to praise Donald Trump. But Donald Trump likes any extremist who praises him and tells him how great he is. So he's been hitting the campaign trail. We've criticized him for even being on the campaign trail with this guy because we knew all this stuff existed. And now this incredible report gotta give a a hat tip to KFI over at CNN for great reporting here. He dug up this username and the username was mini soldier, and it's been revealed that this is Mark Robinson's username that he used on a whole variety of sites, including Adult friend finder, by the way, which we are now finding out as well, which is a site for married people to have affairs.


He was on the site called Nude Africa before between 2008 and 2012. And that's where a lot of these comments were found and some of these comments, he called himself a black Nazi. That's how he described himself. He is a African American man. He said he supports slavery. He said some people should in fact be slaves. Like Ben said, he, it was a while being an anti-trans activist. He admitted he had an affinity for transgender porn. And the list goes on and on and on. And I bet this is just the beginning too, of what we're going to find out about Mark Robinson here. Donald Trump has tied himself so closely to Mark Robinson and Mark Robinson has tied himself so closely to Donald Trump, North Carolina being one of the biggest swing states out there that could flip to the Dems.


This makes the race that much closer and that much more likely that Kamala Harris may be able to pull ahead here in the November elections. Because this race was close to begin with, Robinson had already been trailing like 10 plus points behind his opponent in the race for governor. And now we have this very close race between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump with this massive drag on the ticket. Mark Robinson another in a long line of Republican MAGA hypocrites who say one thing and do the opposite and wanna harm your family while they do all their crazy stuff. Jordy, how do you feel about everything and what's new? I mean just another, another day, but another day in Maga feels like a year I mean.


This is, this is bonkers. Mark Robinson. What we can't forget here is, is how Trump has tied himself to Mark Robinson as well. The compliments that Trump was giving, Mark Robinson are the strangest compliments in the world. He's Martin Luther King times two. He's like a fine wine. Like this is just weird things to say about another person in general, but like regardless, right? Jordy like, like even if, even if none of these other clips existed, saying he's like Martin Luther King on steroids is a weird thing to say in general. Brett, to your point D, sorry, Jordy. Even if they're like a incredibly great guy. Yeah, like who does everything? Who does everything right? You know, and is worthy of praise to be like, that's Martin Luther King times two, everybody.


Yeah. It's like, dude, whatcha talking about don't just range, like don't say that man range. And to your point Brett, this is just the beginning. Look, if you're out there, I'm not gonna get into anyone Like what they do online. If you're commenting, you know, on, on porn sites using a username that's very easily traced back to you. You got some skeletons in your closet. I'm just gonna put that out there. Ben. Where are we going next? Well, let's say what Fox is doing right here. What does, how is Fox dealing with all of this? Here's what Fox had to say. Let's play the clip. What's the really interesting state in there? North Carolina, which is a big target for the Democrats. And we just found out an hour ago that the Lieutenant Governor there, Mark Robinson, who's running for governor, never heard of him, who Donald Trump called Martin Luther King on steroids, posted on a porn forum called Nude to Africa, that he's a black Nazi, expressed support for reinstating slavery and detailed his sexual arousal from memories of peeping on women in public gyms.


And he still fantasizes about it. He also has an Ashley Madison account, How dare you, kink Shame. Sure, That's a great reaction. So Josh Stein was likely to win that race anyway if they gave Mark Robinson to drop out. His name is still on the ballot. But this makes North Carolina even more in play for Democrats. And this again is evidence of the type of candidates that Donald Trump thinks are good for the country. Martin Luther King on steroids, someone who says he's a black Nazi, but He obvi. But what let the, no, let's take the obvious here. Yeah. Do you think Trump actually knew this guy was on porn sites? My point is that Donald Trump likes anyone who likes him and he doesn't bother to do the world.


That's called being human. No, it's not. I, a lot of people like me who don don't like in return, Like who? Like tell who I don tell name is, go ahead. Let's start with Foxing friends. Poor. Alright, Jessica. Alright. I didn't interrupt. I just wanna let that be known it. Greg interrupted on my behalf. Couldn't Take it. The king shaming was kind of Funny. Well, I'll be going New Africa in the break to see if that's true. By the way, Jesse Waters and some of these Fox hosts who now claim that they don't know anything about this guy, here it is right here. They would advertise him as part of the black voters breaking up with Biden segments that they would always run kind of similarly. You may recall when Donald Trump would hold those events in the Bronx and other places and to try to showcase that he had support of the black community.


Remember he called up in the Bronx like two individuals who had recently been indicted. And in the indictment, the allegations were that they were members of the Crips who engaged in at least a dozen attempted murders as well as one actual murder as part of being the leaders of the Crips and Donald Trump brought them on stage and the Bronx and then said, I really love your grill. I love the way your your teeth look right there. Here's the thing too about that CNN show, and I've talked about it before, the five I think Jessica Guitar Love does on Fox, sorry, I I I think she does an, it's hard to distinguish it sometimes these days, but when CNN does their investigative reporting, they do a Very good job though.


And that was actually a Very good report that they did on the K file. Jessica Tarlov is a great host, she's a great panelist, rather. But you notice when she's just trying to bring out facts and data, what happens immediately? The other four basically kind of gang up. They all laugh and they mock right? A very legitimate talking point. That's not a talking point, but it's the facts. Ah, what are you talking about? He never, now, you know, and so as I've always said, I I think part of the psyop, if you will, of the show, part of the, the plan of that show is to basically make her viewpoint a very fact-based database viewpoint look problematic.


And here's how you at home when you have someone who's giving the facts. Here's how you mock that. Like, that's one of the things that I think that show tries to, you know, reinforce. But the reality is, if you were fact-based and database, you would basically say, well, guess what? Donald Trump knew all of these things before, and you know, whether the person was Googling porn or not Googling porn. That that's not really to me, what, what this is about. This is someone who's been very much about taking away your freedoms, who's been violently anti-trans who's calling for violence against human beings, who very privately lives a very different lifestyle than what he wants to use government to try to go into your house and take away your freedoms.


That to me was about, but remember we were talking about last week, Laura Loomer nine 11 conspiracy theorist says it's an inside job. Trump brings her to a nine 11 memorial and here play this clip of Laura Loomer from her show. And I could show you dozens of these clips. Don't worry, don don't want you to have to like go crazy seeing more Laura Luer clips. But she's the one who also said that the White House will smell like curry of Vice President Kamala Harris win. She said that Vice President Kamala Harris is a whore who gives blow jobs. She goes on to say that Vice President Kamala Harris is not really black and Donald Trump reposts a lot of that stuff.


And Trump has repeatedly praised Laura Loomer. I'm not gonna play the clip here, but we've posted it before on social media. The same type of clip we have there of Donald Trump praising over and over again, Mark Robinson. There's a whole video montage we have of him saying the exact same things about Laura Loomer. And here's what she said last week, that she really gets upset at Vice President Kamala Harris and Fannie Willis and Leticia James for using their Shaniqua voices. She says, here, play this clip Like the way they talk and their little DEI Shaniqua voices. And it, it's just very piercing, very irritating sound. They all have, they all have the same voice. I'm talking about Kamala Harris, Leticia James, and Fannie Willis, like all of the like meritless, DEI Shanik was talked the same way.


It's very obnoxious the way that they talk. Donald Trump knows that. She says things like that. Donald Trump knows that Mark Robinson says things like that. Donald Trump invites over neo-Nazis to Mar-a-Lago. But just take even a look at, you know, the, the, the top leadership of the kind of GOP. Take a look at Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the types of things that she says frequently. And I'll just go to the past 24, 48 hours. So here she is in Uniondale and she's in, in Long Island where Donald Trump's holding a campaign rally for whatever reason in Long Island. He says he wants to flip Long Island and flip New York red and he thinks he's gonna win New York.


But Sarah Huckabee Sanders says that Vice President Kamala Harris can't be humble because she doesn't have biological children here play this clip. As my eyes feel with tears, my sweet daughter reaches up, pat's my shoulder and says, it's okay, mommy. One day you can be pretty too. So my kids keep me humble. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything keeping her humble. You know, in those statements echo what D Van says, where he attacks childless cat ladies. He attacks women who don't have biological children.


Marjorie Taylor Greene has been on many, many, many congressional hearings where she attacks women who don't have biological children or parents who either adopt or who have blended families. And vice president Kamala Harris has a blended family and she has children, and it's the children that are are, are children with her and with her husband. The children were born in a prior relationship between her husband and her husband and her husband's prior wife. But it's a blended family. And you know, and she's, she's a parent. And just, but just whether you're a parent or not a parent, the these attacks on deeply personal issues to me just also show what the broader issue here is.


And again, it's not the Googling of the porn, it's not that Mark Robinson likes transgender porn. If Mark Robinson likes transgender porn, if he likes porno, whatever, whatever, like he can like that stuff, it's, it's, it's fine. The issue is that they then want government to attack people for those beliefs and to attack people who live their lives a certain way, who were born this way, who were born certain ways. And that is the broader issue, that this Republican party is not a small government party. They are not, they are the biggest government party. They want government in your doctor's offices, your bedrooms, looking all around and then in their private lives, they're doing the things that they're attacking over and over again.


And we see that with the JD vs. And all it just repeats over. That's the issue. Brett Jordy. Yeah, I mean this is the reality of MAGA Republicans. They're attacking families. They spread dangerous lies, inciting chaos. It's not some sort of unfortunate side effect that we're seeing. It's a core strategy. It's a feature, it's not a bug. I think the cruelty is deliberate and it's something that has been modeled upon Donald, Trump, they go after anyone who dares to stand against them. They mock the vulnerable, they push all these conspiracies, they put people's lives at risk all while they wear this cloak of so-called patriotism. I mean, give me a god damn break here.


Their whole ideology is just attached to this warped like fear and division that they continue to spread every single day. And Ben your point, I think is astute, which is do whatever you want, right? Like, like Tim all says, mind your own damn business though. Okay? Like go, go watch whatever kind of porn you want. Do whatever you want. Don't tell someone else how to live their lives. Don't try to create legislation to criminalize their behavior, which is not really all that different from your own behavior and things that you are into in private. Mark Robinson also, he had to come out a few weeks back, I think it was like a few weeks back, admitting that him, he and his wife had an abortion like in the late eighties or early nineties or something like that.


This is a guy who you heard his statements before on the clip we played, who is vehemently against abortions, looks down on anybody who has To, get an abortion, who has To, get that sort of how down would wanna potentially kill, would wanna punish and, and kill and, and throw in prison. And this is the kind of person that we're dealing with. And you know, that's why we always say on this show, and I know like they're public, Brett say, we get it, we get it. But it's just true and it's worth hammering home that none of this stuff is about like Democrat or Republican or independent or modern. It really is not, this is about like being decent human beings and actually wanting to put in the work to help people. And there could be disagreements within that. But this is not just a little disagreement and seeing Fox and Jesse Waters and that stupid show, the five try to minimize it and downplay it.


Like they would never, ever, ever, ever let this go if it was a Democrat. Meanwhile, like every single day you have a story about a Republican who is usually rewarded and uplifted by people like Donald Trump and by Fox. I see, see a lot of comments asking me about the baby. I want everybody to know that both my wife and our baby, which is still in their belly, are both doing very well. Baby girl and my wife Sochi are doing very, very well. We, we showed up a little early, the, you know, the plan was to be there on Monday and we spent three days in the hospital. But, you know, as, as I've learned and you know, and as many of you have shared with me, you know, privately or in messages, sometimes the baby's just not ready yet.


And so baby's healthy, mom's healthy. But after three, you know, very long days, the hospital suggested that we go back home and we wait here. So that's what we're doing, you know, any moment we could be going back to the hospital. But again, I just wanted to address that 'cause I appreciate all of your wishes. And I just wanna say that my wife Sochi so strong, so courageous, and I just have so much I I can't even express in words the respect I have for her. And all of women who, who, who go through this and go through all of this, it's, it is, you know, to, to watch this as you know, something that, you know, I'll, I'll never forget, but I'm just so in, in awe of her courage.


But Thank, you everybody for your well wishes,


if you make coffee at home, get ready to discover how much better it can be with trade as America's number one specialty coffee marketplace trade doesn't make any of its own coffees. Instead they bring together top independent roasters from small towns across the USA places you would love if you live nearby and curate the best of the best for you to enjoy at home. As summer winds down, I'm getting back into a regular routine. Having coffee from trade doesn't just start my day. It makes it better. The beans are always freshly roasted and perfectly matched to my taste. And that's what makes the difference for me. Great coffee starts with quality beans and that's exactly what I get from trade. You guys know I take my coffee seriously. I would not put my stamp of approval on just any coffee. And the coffee's from trade are the best of the best. Whether I'm making espresso or drip coffee trade has made my at-Home Coffee experience incredible. And I love that when I subscribe to trade, I'm supporting small businesses. They partnered with over 50 independent roasters across the country. I've tried some incredible roasts. One of my favorite right now is from a small roaster in California called Steady State. It's so smooth, I look forward to it every single morning. And what I love most is that trade makes it so easy delivering the coffee right when I need it freshly roasted and full of flavor, that's coffee at home made better. Head to drink trade.com/midas to receive your first bag free. That's drink trade.com/m EI ds.


So when I'm not covering politics here on the Midas Touch Network, where do I get my news on issues involving business, climate, entertainment, culture, music? I go to The Washington Post. And one of my favorite things about The Washington Post is I've signed up for their for You newsletter, which sends me my very own personalized roundup of stories every evening based on my interest and reading history and their Washington Post app makes it easy for me to stay up on the latest news, save and share stories, and follow my favorite authors on all of the topics that I want to have curated for me. That's why I really love The Washington Post. And look, with the election rapidly approaching and with all the issues both here and abroad, now is the time to sign up for The Washington Post The Washington Post sponsors the Might As Touch podcast. So go to Washington post.com/midas to subscribe for just 50 cents per week for your first year. That's 80% off their typical offer. So this is truly a steal. Once again, go to Washington post.com back slash Midas to subscribe for just 50 cents per week for your first year. Check it out.


PrizePicks is America's number one daily fantasy sports app. With over 5 million active members. PrizePicks is the easiest and most exciting way to play daily fantasy sports. Unlike other apps on PrizePicks, it's just you against the numbers. All you do is pick more or less on two to six player stat projections and you can watch the winnings roll in. You can now win up to 100 times your money on PrizePicks with as little as four correct picks. So PrizePicks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy so that your lineups stay in play. Even if one of your players gets injured, PrizePicks puts their members first. So all withdrawals are fast, safe, secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. PrizePicks invented the flex play, which means you can still cash out. If your lineup isn't perfect, you can double your money even if one of your picks doesn't hit. I've had the best experience with PrizePicks imaginable from my winnings to the easy and simple playing experience. PrizePicks truly separates themselves from others in the space in a big way. So download the PrizePicks app today and use Code Midas and get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S on PrizePicks. To. get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. PrizePicks run your game.


Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors. Y'all incredible reads, guys links are in description of the YouTube and the audio. Let them know we sent you. Use those codes. We work really hard. To, get these sponsors for you guys. Get you guys the best deal. So shout out to the sponsors for helping us out here, Ben. Where are we going next? I guess we're going back to Long Island Brothers where we grew up. Ben, we gotta specify. Grew up on Long Island Ben. Yeah, I just wanna make this clear. We grew up on Long Island. Not each, we have Long Island listeners, they're gonna think we're not actually from Long Island. If you say in Long Island, it's blowing my mind. You've been out in California too long, big bro. Hey, Ben, you Long Island, you go into the city, you're on Long Island, right?


Yeah. What are we doing a Seinfelds get now? Yeah, yeah, Right. Lemme get into, let me get, let me get into Trump's a speech on Long Island. On Long Island. Thank you on the island. Donald Trump talking about Springfield, Ohio spreading more deranged conspiracies saying that he's going to deport Haitian migrants, who again, the Haitians are lawfully, they're there legally in Springfield, Ohio. They were begged to be there by Springfield, Ohio to work jobs that needed to be worked. They have helped the economy of Springfield, Ohio.


There's also about 2000 to 3000, certainly nowhere near 30,000 or 35,000 that's being spread by Donald Trump and all of these Magdas. But here on Long Island, what Donald Trump is talking about, Springfield, Ohio, Play the clip. How about in Springfield, Ohio? They had 32,000. This is a little beautiful town. No crime, no problem. 32,000 illegal immigrants come into the town. 32. So they almost doubled their population in a period of a few weeks. Can you believe it?


And you know what? They've gotta get much tougher. I'm gonna go there in the next two weeks. I'm going to Springfield and I'm going to Aurora. You may never see me again, but that's okay. Gotta do what I gotta do. Whatever happened to Trump? Well, he never got outta Springfield To translate. The horrifically racist thing that he's saying is Springfield was once a town with white people and then black people came in and destroyed the town. And I'm gonna take away the black people. And if I show up in the town with the black people, I may never return. That's what Donald Trump is saying. That's what his base is taking it ad.


In fact, Springfield, Ohio, as I mentioned before, was a town that was struggling with opioid abuse. Lots of the people there were leaving and the Haitian migrants who were there with legal protected status have been hugely helpful. These are incredibly hardworking people who are beloved in the community. And this is the type of people who Donald Trump is attacking while on Long Island in New York, causing city hall to shut down, down, causing their cultural festivals to shut down elementary schools, colleges, hospitals, all receiving terroristic threats as a result of rhetoric like this. It's important to note that even the original person who spread a racist meme about Springfield, Ohio, a a lady who did this months ago, not thinking this was gonna become a presidential issue, has actually apologized and said that I was lying about this.


I made this up and I'm sorry I never thought it was going to be used by the leaders of the Republic and party. At least the person who admits that they were being racist had the guts to apologize for it. But Donald Trump and JD Vance don't. They've actually expanded it while communicable diseases are down in Springfield, Ohio. JD Vance is now saying diseases through the roof. H-V-H-I-V rates are higher than ever and continuing to spread this stuff over and over again. And when asked, Hey, why don't you just admit it's false? Which JD Vance goes, well, I like to make up stories. I make up stories. I lie so that I can make the points that I want to make to divide Americans and attack our own cities.


Just think about the different visions that are here. Trump and JD Vance, and this is what we saw when Trump was in office Attack America, vice President Kamala Harris'. Plans are okay, let's bring people together and let's make a better America. Going back to this event in Uniondale on Long Island, Donald Trump also says, what the hell? What the hell do you have to lose? Just, what the hell do you have to lose? Vote for Donald. Trump. What the hell do you have to lose? What do you have to lose Your life, your money, your family I mean? I can go on and on and on. Brett will talk a little bit later in the show about the economy right now.


But the economy now is doing well. There could always be room for improvements, but every metric right now is better now than under Donald Trump. Yet you take a look at Trump's stock. Trump media, what the hell do you have to lose losing? And when it comes to our country, it's not a crashing stock price. It's a crashing country. And four years ago during Trump lockdowns, there was no toilet paper, no football mobile morgues on TV with mass graves, no toilet paper economy, stock market crashes every single day. That's what you have to lose.


nato, our biggest alliances, that's what you have to lose our freedoms. Trump taking away women's reproductive rights, attacking marginalized communities. That's what you have to lose our very freedoms. Donald Trump then says he's in New York to win it. He wants to flip a state that he's down by huge amounts. He, he said that he's gonna win New York. That's part of his plan. Play this clip. And the reason I'm here is because hasn't been done in many decades. It hasn't been done for a long time. But we are going to win New York.


No, I think one of the things he obviously he's lying, but in his own deranged mind, because I've been unfortunately studying for quite some time, I think he sees himself losing or having major issues in states like Florida and Texas. In fact, a recent morning consult poll actually has Ted Cruz losing in Texas right now to his democratic opponent by one point. So Trump is too self-consumed to deal with those facts. So in his own mind, his gotcha is, well, I'm going, if you are taking those states, I'm going to New York 'cause he always takes the bait so easily.


So Donald, continue to campaign in New York, new and New Jersey and Massachusetts. You could campaign in California. Good. Lemme just say, can I, can I, can I send a message to Donald Trump? Yeah. You got this man. You, you go, you got it. You got, you got New York, you got New Jersey, you're gonna win California, man, put all that money, pump it on in, let's go. You don't even need the other states. Texas, take that money out. Florida, take that money. North Carolina don't need it. Georgia don't need it. Pennsylvania. Who needs Pennsylvania? You got New York, man, you're Donald Trump, you're done. You're gonna win New York, you're gonna win California. You're gonna win it all. It's, it's gonna be awesome. Just pull that money on out of Pennsylvania.


Pull it out of Wisconsin of Michigan. You gotta go all in on New York, man. You just, you do you, you do. You you got this. All right, how about this? How about this? This is why I I, I said it from the beginning that we were so screwed when Lara Trump started to head up the RNC that, you know, I just so dangerous. 'cause she's so strategic and smart, getting in his ear, telling him that he could win New York. I just hope I, you know, I hope like the Charlie Kirks the world don't clip this and show us the Trump 'cause otherwise we'd just be totally exposed that Trump No, I don't wanna help him. Like, like, like, like just please, Donald, please stop listening to Laura Loomer. Please don't do, you're gonna, you're gonna get so mad and upset if you do that. How, how bizarre is it that there's an entire political candidate, candidate candidates who are taking their political cues and, and policy, you know, decisions from Facebook posts.


Are you kidding me? That's such a good point. Because that in and of itself should be disqualifying, right? Like in, in the best case scenario here, the worst case scenario is what's happening, which is they're fricking liars. They're liars, they spread hate. They they wanna divide. They take these stories, they spread 'em, they're disinformation artists. That's, that's all they do. The best case scenario would be that they're just really dumb and that they fall for Facebook conspiracies and then they spread 'em. Like that's the best case. In which case, you shouldn't be anywhere near Congress. You shouldn't be anywhere near the presidency, the vice presidency gov go governorship, none, none of this stuff. And, but that's what we got with these people like Marjorie Taylor Green every day, I think this week has spread numerous conspiracy.


And this is how she does it. 'cause I noticed how, how she operates, she will post a story that's completely fake, right? She'll go, oh, a BC whistleblower who said Kamala Harris paid $1 million to have a better moderators at the debate died that they existed and then they died in a car crash. And by the way, for our listeners and viewers, she actually said that, yeah, this is a real thing. She posted. Breaking sources say, all right, it's from like some BS Twitter post that no sources say it's fake. And then like, she'll wait a few hours and then a few hours later show reply. I've just been informed that this information I posted earlier is not true. But still we must look into the collusion between, it's like, all right, you've knew from the beginning, like, like this is how they spread their crap.


And then it goes all over the place and then it's just totally unfettered. Because you have people like Elon Musk boosting this stuff and controlling the flow of info on sites like Twitter and whatever I mean, it just, it's a completed total mess. But that's, you know, what this whole MAGA thing is based on, right Now, it goes back to the beginning Ben of this is the party of Mark Robinson. This is the party of Laura Loomer, of Donald Trump. They're all cut from the same cloth here. The fallacy though is that, oh, this is all happening right now, right before the election. Look, I am glad that there are more eyeballs and ears and everything directed at this, but over the past, since the inception of maga, even going back to the Tea Party stuff, and you can trace it back even further than that, but rapidly accelerating post January 6th as Trump entrenched the most extremists, because how do you spread the biggest lie of all claiming that You won 2020 as one of your main platforms on 2024, unless you're part of the most deranged echo chamber.


Like that's Donald. Trump is running in 2024 claiming he won in 2020. And he said that in the debate when he was confronted with, well, you said you lost by a whisker. Oh, I didn't say that if I said that, I was being sarcastic. So you have to create this d deranged base of people who you rely on, who will keep pushing that message out. And also people who others who may be more rational and normal are kind of afraid that they're going to be embroiled in just the craziness. So they're just like, whatever, I'm gonna go along with it and then start themselves perpetuating the craziness. So, you know, I I almost remember when, you know, in health class, they would tell you, like you start with like your gateway drugs, remember they would say, and then you would progress like up to some of the most serious drugs with the gateway drug.


Well, you know, there was kind of like gateway maga, right? Like you started with your Marjorie Taylor Greens, but even ended up as it progressed with even more extreme people than Marjorie Taylor Green with like Laura Loomer. So the fights between Loomer and Marjorie Taylor Green over who's now representing maga, whereas Marjorie forget the, what's it called, Brett? The Overton Window. Forget the, the MAGA Overton. Like this is a whole new thing within MAGA where now it's the most extreme of the extreme, but we've been covering these people's statements now for years. Mark Robinson's been saying stuff like this for, for years.


That's how, again, to your point Brett, it's not a glitch. It's not a, that is why he was tapped by Trump. Laura Loomer's there, because she is who she is. Marjorie Taylor Greene's fighting to look more extreme to try to appeal to Donald Trump. Yeah, she's kinda lost her juice Ben. 'cause La Laura Loomer's the new MAGA queen and, and she's got all the power right now. And Marjorie Taylor Greene has kind of been brushed aside. Like no one really cares about Marjorie Taylor Greene. She's viewed as kind of like a huge loser in the MAGA movement, I think at this point. Just completely not trusted whatsoever. She backed the wrong horse by putting all of her eggs in the, in the Kevin McCarthy basket, which was just a terrible idea.


And now she's just like an afterthought. Like no one really cares about Marjorie Taylor Greene. Hirschtick just doesn't work, just boring, you know? But these people, you know, they, Trump always cycles through these people. If you think to the past, you could go back to 2016 Trump, I remember Trump having people around him like Milo OUIs, you know, that was one of these kind of characters who was, you know, very provocative and then flamed out right then, you know, after 2020 we had the Jenna Ellis of the world and the Rudy's of the world who Rudy's still hanging around with him, but you had like the, that sort of cast of characters. Now you have this weirdo cast of characters. It's just, he, he swaps 'em out with different weirdos who kind of perpetually get more extreme and weird as it goes on.


And it never kinda ends. Well for those people too, if you think of the list, like all those people are kind of broke, you know, lost all their money, have been fired from everything are hated by Donald Trump now, or, you know, have their law licenses barred. Like it's never like a happy ending story when you put yourself around Donald Trump, as Rick Wilson says, everything Trump touches dies. And that is certainly, certainly very true. I I do gotta give a quick shout out to the Haitian community in New York though for coming out strong, yes. Against Donald Trump and against all these lies. I thought that was super cool to see on Long Island. And I have this picture here that I took that, that I have of the Haitian Americans there, they had a sign that said, we don't eat pets, we vote.


And you know, just the issue with all this is that this is just so, such a reminder of like the old time Jim Crow kind of stuff that has led to black Americans getting killed throughout history, spreading all these sorts of lies and disin info. It, it kills people. It kills people. And now Donald Trump in, in, in spouting the things that he is spouting these lies, the lies that JD Vance is spreading. He's endangering people's lives, he's endangering communities and it's unforgivable like, it, it, it is really unforgivable. I'm the only people now who continue to push these lies in these Ohio towns. I'm not just saying list like they're like these people. It literally is the proud boys and the Ku Klux clam.


So you got the Proud Boys, you got the Ku Klux Klan, and you got Donald Trump and JD Vance all pushing these lies to try to drive out the Haitian immigrants who are there legally and who saved the town that was about to completely fall apart, like quite literally saved the town. And they're trying to run 'em out. It is quintessential racism that we are seeing right now. And from a guy who in 2017, speaking of JD Vance said this, Trump makes people I care about afraid immigrants, Muslims, et cetera, because of this. I find him reprehensible. God wants better of us. I think God would want better of you JD as well. And then JD Vance goes on the weekend shows and he goes, I've been hearing it from my constituents.


So Facebook posts whom the person apologized for making a racist, you know, just conspiracy theory up proud boys and, and the k, KK, that, that those are the constituents. It's, it's a feedback loop, right Jay? It's, yep. It's, they spread the lies, then it, the rumors starts spreading in the community. Nothing still, nothing's happened, nothing's happened. Police have no reports. All the stories are bs. I doubt those people are like, you ever think like, I have a problem, I'm gonna call my senator. I don't think that's ever happened in the history, but you know, then these people post, you know, all the rumors and whatever and then it kind of goes circulates as if it's truth, but it's not truth. It's just completely made up stuff.


Even the people who were, the people who initially spread it, like Ben said, are now the people going, yeah, no, I made it up. It wasn't, it wasn't a real thing. So this week there was big economic news. The Fed dropped interest rates 50 basis points. The stock market hit Record highs. Today Donald Trump's stock meanwhile is absolutely tanking. But everywhere you looked in kind of the MAGA ecosystem, whether you were watching Fox or MAGA Republican Congress members on the house floor, they were pissed that the Fed dropped interest rates, they're pissed that the stock market is doing well. They're saying How dare the Fed politicize all of this, which the Fed is not doing.


This is a long line though, of attacking good news. And the thing that Donald Trump and these Magnus have been trying to do over and over again, including as of right now, trigger a government shutdown, is to try to cause harm to we the people. So then in that chaos, they can claim that they wanna put out the fire when they're actually the arsonist. We'll talk about this and more, but let's take our last quick break of the show.


Hey everyone, as you know, I'm a dad. So let's talk about something that's really important that most people don't realize. Like did you know there actually aren't any requirements for baby food companies to test their products for chemical contaminants? 93% of parents are concerned about the presence of toxic levels of heavy metals in baby food. And 95% of parents believe the US needs to raise its standards when it comes to baby food safety. There have been tons of headlines recently unveiling the lack of regulation on baby food in the us. While the European Union has extremely strict standards, Little Spoon, the company known for changing the game for baby toddler and big kid foods is disrupting the baby food industry. Again, with radical transparency when it comes to baby food, Little Spoon is the first and only food brand in the US to set strict limits for more than 500 toxins and contaminants based on the best in class EU standards. And if their products don't meet these standards, they won't sell it. It's that simple peace of mind delivered. They surveyed 2000 parents across the country so they could understand what parents are most concerned about and help provide peace of mind for their customers. And wow, did they deliver? Look, trust me, I use Little Spoon with Elijah all the time, my son and he absolutely loves it. I know your kid will love it too. America has literally never seen baby food. This transparent. You can see all of little spoons, baby food safety standards in detail and shop their products for babies, toddlers, and big kids. On Little Spoon dot com Get 30% off your first order if you go to Little Spoon dot com slash midas and enter our code Midas at checkout to save 30% off your first order. That's Little Spoon dot com slash midas to save 30% off.


I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before, a night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre-Cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita, and the next morning I felt amazing, just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype and with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Let's go Little Spoon, a brand new sponsor of the Midas Touch podcast. Elijah, my son does genuinely love Little Spoon. Could not have come at a better time. Definitely, definitely check it out and shout out ZBiotics ZBiotics just, they came back on board for for Q4 folks, so they're gonna be back in here in October. Super excited about that. Links and description of audio and the YouTube, click the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Ben, the contrast between Vice President Kamala Harris and Donald Trump on full display. As we've discussed on prior podcasts, one of the major issues too is they're graded on different curves.


Trump's curve is like a kindergarten curve, which is like essentially if you show up and you try, that will be viewed as, oh my God, a plus vice president Kamala Harris has to be pitched perfect or else you get, she didn't detail every single policy about how she's going to do this. I mean. If vice President Kamala Harris did any of the types of things that Donald Trump says on any given day, it would like she'd be done. Her campaign would be over, like literally over. This was Donald Trump from last night on another Fox show. Greg Gutfield and Donald Trump believed that he was speaking in front of an audience at the debate where he got destroyed. Here play this clip. They even said, yeah, but all of them and they didn't correct her once and they corrected me everything I said practically, and I think nine times or 11 times.


And the audience was absolutely, they went crazy. And, and the real, I thought it was, I walked off, I said, that was a great debate. I loved it. You know, you got a lot of people watching. I guess we had 75 million people watching something like that. And you have to do well. You can't do badly I mean he did horribly. There was not an audience at the debate. And again, I don't know about all of you. Cohen used the word unpolitical Beatdown earlier. He's like exhausted. Like he's like America is, should be no matter what political party you are. My crowd sizes, my crowd size is so big. My big crowd sizes, my crowd this, my crowd that only me, I'm the best.


My crowd this, my crowd that I could go into. All of the other horrific stuff. Yes, he loves Putin, wants to take us out of nato. Horribly mismanaged. Covid said like a miracle. It was going to go away. Horrible in every respect. Found liable for sexual assault, convicted felon 34 times over liable for financial fraud. I yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And is all of that worse than yes, but it is also at some threshold level it should feel and be like, I don't care what political part. Why is this guy just talking about like, this crowd's big and he always lies about my crown. This my crown that Hannah lector this, I'm gonna To get eaten by sharks and I rather be electrocuted.


My, it's no, I just don't want America to be at that level. I don't want America to be graded at the kindergarten scale. I want America to be viewed as an incredible country, a country of opportunity, of love, of innovation, of ingenuity, of, of immigrants, of bringing people together, of, of entrepreneurship, of workers, of the middle class, of helping people live the American dream. That's what I want to see in the United States of America every day. Vice president Kamala Harris is talking about it too. And so just because on right-Wing media, they're like, oh, she's not detailing the policies.


Yes she is. Every single day. Every single day she's giving a speech. And just because the media doesn't cover it like we do on the Midas, Touch Network doesn't mean it ain't happening. It is like, here's the one she gave the other day. And guess what this is yesterday. She ain't talking about Hannibal Electors. She's talking about helping first time homeowners buy homes. That's something novel here, play this clip. We Need to take that on. We need to lower the cost of housing. We don't have enough housing in our country. The supply is too low and it's too expensive both for renters and for folks who wanna buy a home. So we will get bill together millions of new homes and give first time home buyers $25,000 in down payment assistance.


Because look, people just wanna To get their foot in the door. I, my mother worked hard, she saved up. It wasn't until I was a teenager that she was able to buy our first home. And the American dream is elusive for far too many people. Increasingly, and that's why it is part of my perspective that let's just do the work of giving first time home buyers a $25,000 down payment assistance. Let them get their foot in the door. Brett, that's actually Jordy, that's actually a policy. And I could show you the rest of that speech, but it all goes on to, I'll, I'll show you one more clip from the speech just so you don't go, okay, Ben, I'm sure it's not all policies.


Just pick any random clip Brett. And I bet you it's about policy. She didn't talk about Hannibal Lector. She didn't just pick, there's sure. I I've loaded 15 clips. So Brett, just pick whatever one you want. I'm just gonna click one. It could be about Hannibal Lector, it might not be, let's say just Play it. They cut Social Security and Medicare. They intend to end the Affordable Care Act and threaten the healthcare of more than 5 million Latinos in our country. All based on, I'm sure many of you saw the debate. So on that point about the Affordable Care Act, all based on concepts will be planned.


Concepts, concepts, their project 2025 agenda would pull our nation backward. But we are not going back. We are not going back. We're not going back. Instead together we will chart a new way forward because ours is a fight for the future. Brett, a fight for the future, but good economic news today. Would love to hear about it. Does that mean it's time? I think it's time. Yes. Drum roll, Jor Drum roll Jordy.


This is the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers. Minute Jordy, I give your drum roll about like a two outta 10 on the screen thing, bro. You know, I I usually what you gotta do, Jay is like you, you tap the table or something, but it's okay. We could get into it without a, a great I don bone in my body. That's okay. Under un understood. We got big economic news this week. And if I, if you use NetSuite, by the way, I know you're prepared. 'cause NetSuite keeps businesses on top of any updates to government policies and allows for the quick adaptation to new policies through their agile system updates. So you probably heard by now the Federal Reserve has cut interest rates by 50 basis points in their first rate cut since March, 2020, this was more than most people were expecting. People were hoping for 25 basis points thinking maybe they'll do 50, but I doubt it. It'll probably start slow. They'll probably start at 25. No, they started at 50 basis points and Fed officials said that they see two more rate cuts of 25 basis points this year, followed by four cuts next year and two more in 2026. This is a major, major signal from the Fed that they feel inflation is officially under control and this is sure to add fuel to the economy. Robert Barone, a wealth advisor in managing director at Farther said we're probably going to see even some deflation in some months going forward over the next year. Worrying about inflation is probably the thing of the past. He said that this is the beginning of a long series of lowering. So what does this mean for you for companies? Well, this much anticipated move was gonna influence mortgages, credit card rates, saving rates. This is the Fed's key lending rate. Basically what it charges banks to borrow and it sets a base for what companies charge people for loans in the US like mortgages or other debt or unpaid credit card balances. So essentially companies are able to borrow debt for less money and reinvest it so they could be more profitable. And interest rates on loans for consumers will continue to decrease. This is gonna be a much welcome relief for consumers out there and for anyone looking to buy a home and all the other stuff I just said, stocks surged on the news. The stock market is rising fast. We showed you earlier that the Dow has reached Record highs. The Dow hit 42,000 for the first time and closed above 42,000 for the first time today as well. The s and p 500 hit 5,700 for the first time as well, and also closed above that 5,700 mark if your business is used. NetSuite is super convenient because you know, they offer all this, these tailored reporting features. They allow businesses to focus on specific doc stock market indicators relevant to your sector. So you get all the macro data, but you also get all the micro data. And thanks to NetSuite for all that info. That's great. That was the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers minute Do, you know your own numbers for your business. Download NetSuite's Ultimate KPI checklist right now at NetSuite dot com slash Midas.


And now I just wanna speak about something you know, which is what Ben was getting at earlier, how Donald Trump and these MAGA Republicans are always rooting against the United States of America at every opportunity. And so when there was going to be a border deal that was near passing, that would've helped things at the border, Donald Trump torpedoed it, that pissed him off. When gas prices came down, as gas price started to come down, Donald Trump complained that gas prices were coming down. When we had a record high energy production here, Donald Trump started lying and saying, we didn't, and, and started saying that it was actually bad. When the Fed cuts interest rates, Fox and Trump and maga, they say, oh, that's actually a bad thing. The record high Dow piss, like all, all the good things for Americans piss off Donald Trump.


And I even saw a clip yesterday that we played in one of our takes, or at least a couple of our takes, probably where JD Vance was asked about the fed lowering rates. And when the reporter asked JD Vance about it, he was surrounded by a crowd. The crowd booed the Federal Reserve lowering rates, which is a good thing for them. Like you're booing good things for yourself. Like I could never even imagine, like even if Trump were president or any Republican or president, if there was good news that was going to help my life and I boo it like it's just the craziest concept ever. It's the craziest. And we need To get past that as a country. And so of course now Fox is just ramping up their BS propaganda with all of this and they are going all in to try to act like this is some political maneuver.


By the way, I wanna hear political maneuver. Donald Trump repeatedly threatened Federal Reserve chairman Jerome Powell. Throughout his tenure as president, he repeatedly said that he could fire him, that he didn't like him, that he was a nasty guy because he wasn't lowering interest rates fast enough for Donald Trump back then that he was actively trying to pressure him. And even this year, just a couple months ago, Donald Trump threatened him again and said that if he lowered interest rates before the election, that if Donald Trump became president, he would fire him. He's still threatening him to this day. That is political. But the Fed is not listening to Donald Trump. The Fed is not listening to Vice President Kamala Harris who has promised that she will keep the Fed independent as it should be.


And they are going by the data. And the data shows that the economy is strong, the data shows that inflation is down and now it's time to pump some gas on it and really get this thing moving. Fox is like cataclysmic over the fact that the Fed decided to lower rates. This is something that they would be ecstatic about if, if Donald Trump were president. But here is Larry Kudlow on Fox, who you know, by the way, worked in the Donald Trump administration and literally has been wrong about everything about the economy for the past 20, 30, 40 years. Like you name it, like right before like the recession in like 2008, 2009, KLOW was like, we're never going into recession. The economy is great.


And then it crashed. Like you could go back to any point in history and you could find Larry Klow being on the wrong side of it. But here was what Larry Kudlow segment was about, the fact that interest rates were being dropped, good news for Americans. This is how Fox business, Fox business, which is supposed to be like a neutral business station in theory, right? Fox Business reported it like this. So day after Fed chairman j Powell sent Kamala Harris a 50 basis point election gift and completely contradicted himself on the economy, whatever the stock market roared, okay? No matter how political fed chairman Jay Powell may be with his 50 basis points election gift to Kamala Harris, the person who helped the American economy the most was Donald Who reports on things like this.


And then he started going into a whole rant about it's absurd. And then he starts going into a rant about how horrible Kamala Harris is. That's like the next, like five minutes of of that segment. It's insane. This is how Fox reported on the stock market reaching Record highs. The Dow crossing over 42,000, the s and p 500 crossing over 5,700. This is how Fox reported on it. But Is this rally here to stay? Oh no, this, and by the way, the NASDAQ is 700 points or its all time high. If the Nasdaq doesn't make it all time high with this news, that is not good. Dow and s and p right now, the s and p's at 21 times next year's earnings, assuming $280 of earnings, why can't you let us all be happy?


Money? You could be happy real money if you're buying dividend growers, you're gonna be fine. Oh, but no, no, this, this is a very overheated deal and people should just be aware of what they're paying. They're paying 21 times. Okay, you think It's gonna come down at some Point? Yes, I do. How much? I have no opinion about that whatsoever. But you know, it's gonna come down. I think that it's overvalued Stuart and it can go higher before it comes lower. But I just think overvaluation always corrects. So I'm making a basic economic statement overvalued On just on a, what Are we doing here? That's not analysis. This is not analysis propaganda. And by the way, you wanna talk about the nasdaq? Let's look at the one year chart for the nasdaq. I'll pull it up right now. The NASDAQ is up 31.7% over the past year.


These people are just propagandists. They have no care for the facts, they have no care for you, they have no care for reality whatsoever. They are purely there to act like a news station, to appear like a news channel and to deliver propagandists. So when people ask, I don't understand, how could people be so brainwashed? How could people be so fooled into thinking that none of the stuff that Kamala Harris is getting done is getting done? And how could they be so fooled into thinking that Trump is doing all this stuff and not saying all this stuff. It's because of networks like Fox and these various propaganda networks we see on digital media that are spreading lies every day. And Fox's perhaps the most devious because they try to have all the trappings of news.


They have the news sets, they have the business channel, they're other brands with the Fox name that are legitimate brands. Whe whether they have different ownership or not, but they have Fox, you know, TV and Fox Business and Fox Movies and Fox all, you know, they act like they are a legitimate thing. And it all legitimize this new news network, which is just designed to try to make billionaires richer. Like it's the craziest concept. And then you have people in the middle of America going, yes, I do wanna make billionaires richer because they're fooled by this fox crap. It's crazy. And here's the thing, oftentimes when I am asked, well why do you say that if a MAGA person kind of switches now to pro-democracy, even after all they've done once a maga, always a maga.


And I go, no. I said, look, there are billions of dollars, tens of billions of dollars that are invested to provide this type of propaganda to people. And you know, propaganda becomes a loaded term just not accurate data. We should all agree that here's the facts. The stock market right now is up about, I won't even call it propaganda, just call it facts, right? The stock market right now is up about 50% from when Donald Trump was in office. The stock market now is doing better.


Donald Trump stock is down about 65 to 70% over the past six months alone. If our economy looked like the Trump stock, and if he's supposed to be this great business guy, guess what our country would look like, mobile morgues. We would have no toilet paper. We would have food lines stretching for miles and Donald. Trump would still be bragging about his ratings while we suffered. Yes, we've lived that world before. We know what that was like objectively when he was in office for all of these people who tried to make the business argument about Donald Trump, explain to me why the stock market is so much higher right now.


Why people's 4 0 1 Ks are up significantly and why the Trump stock is absolutely crashing right now and people are losing their life savings ex, explain that to me. Oh, maybe if I look at Trump's history, I will see, and you should all do your own research that he's always bankrupted almost everything he touched. It was actually in the disclaimer that he gave to shareholders that he was obligated by the SEC to give to shareholders about his past business history. Things that you don't even know, Trump, vodka, good, Trump water, Trump airplanes, Trump University, Trump stakes, Trump mortgage, you name it, it had a Trump thing and it went outta business.


And so when Donald Trump was in Michigan recently and he was giving a speech saying that American needs to stop competing for green jobs because China has us beat and that we should tap out. He says, but he's got the secret remedy folks. It's called tariffs. And he's gonna tariff another country by hundreds of percentage points. He's gonna tariff them not even knowing what a tariff is, that it's attacks on the importer, it's on the American company bringing in the stuff. And all it will re re redo is cause retaliatory tariffs from the other country that will not just screw the imports, it'll screw our exports, and all of the costs will be passed on to the American consumers.


His we're a tariff nation is just like build the wall and drill, baby drill. He is a snake oil salesman his entire life. And that's just the data. It's just what it shows. Why has he failed in everything that he's done? If he's so good, why is he always failing? Was that part of the plan? Bankruptcy, bankruptcy, bankruptcy, bankruptcy, bankruptcy, that that was all part of the plan? Explain that to me. Trump media crashing, that's part of the plan. No, the part of the plan is that in all of those bankruptcies and even Trump media, he's gonna make money off of this crap while the investors, while the people, while the workers are the ones who get screwed, you know, it's why, you know, with this whole thing with the teamsters and now all of the local teamsters unions, especially the ones in the swing states, are endorsing vice president Kamala Harris.


But you had Sean O'Brien who speaks at the Republican National Convention, you know, basically trot out and he was trying to do like a beauty pageant. And he wanted, you know, he loved the adulation from Donald Trump. It's like, are you pigs for butchers? Like the pigs for butchers party? Donald Trump had a track record of screwing unions and I, it's not loaded language. He appointed to the National Labor Relations Board people who were against unions. He spoke with Elon Musk that people who strike deserved to be fired and laughed at them. He told unions, you're picketing for the wrong reasons.


His policies were the most anti-union. There's a bill in Congress right now called the Pro Act, which is the most pro-union bill, vice President Kamala Harris. Democrats support it. Republicans and Trump oppose it. So follow the facts and follow what they do. When Trump's saying no, tucks on tips. Trump's previous policy was no tips. When he was in office, he wanted to give the tips to the bosses, to the employers. That's his policy. So follow the facts folks, and that's all we're trying to do here is to give you as much as possible so you can be informed and you can let others know. Follow the facts, follow the data. I wanna leave you with this, Thank you all for your wishes.


I've been following them a lot and my wife is grateful and she's, she's the one who's been so courageous and so strong. I just wish I have a fraction of her strength. Just want to tell everyone the baby's healthy, she's healthy, just not, the baby's just not ready yet. And so the doctor sent us home after three days in the hospital, but I've seen on patreon.com/midas touch a lot of the messages that you've been sending. I read 'em all. I read them to my wife. So again, just Thank you all from the bottom of my heart and I really appreciate it. Any moment now I can be back at the hospital. And I wanna thank Jordy and Brett for holding it down. Brett's hot takes have been incredible.


I know. Shout out Brett, man. Yeah, shout out to Brett. I mean honestly to, I just gotta admit it. I think your hot takes are better than mine. I'm just gonna be honest. Oh, I think that Brett confession better. But you know, look, the bottom line is that as this network grows and expands, it's great to see Brett and Jordy and others, you know, you know, take, they've already taken leadership roles in ways that you don't see I mean. You know, I mean Brett, behind the scenes is, is running the operations and a special shout out to everyone who's holding it down, right From salty to Jeremy, to Sydney, to Hayden, to our editorial staff from Ron, Philip Kowski and Wolfie and Ason and Troy and Aaron and everybody there.


Thank you all, you know, you, you guys are crushing it. And everybody's stepping up. Boston Bryant, every, everybody's been stepping. Michael Poppo, Karen Friedman, Magnier, oh, pop


Pop started the new legal AF channel, by the way. Ooh. You should go and subscribe to the new legal AF YouTube channel Pop's doing an incredible job. I a thousand I I should probably say where you find it, 'cause I've been, been sometimes gets the s wrong and stuff. So it's youtube.com/at legal AF mtn youtube.com/at legal AF mtn. It's growing quickly and pop has pop's going Hollywood on us. He's got Cole Studio. Yeah, he's, he switches off with the glasses. It's all, it's all seen, man. It's all seen Pop box's fancy guy, man. He's a fancy guy. I, I love it.


Well anyway, Thank, you everyone again from the bottom of my heart. We appreciate you Midas mighty.


We're gonna do an after show now at patreon.com/midas. Touch checkout store dot midas touch.com as well. For all of the gear, a hundred percent Union made, 100% made in the US Jordy, take it away.


Shout out to the Midas.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas. Touch Network the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch against all enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.