
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Donald Trump and his supporters are facing mockery like I have never seen before on social media right now, and they really can't handle it. You know, sometimes when things get tough, humor is always something that helps me get through it. So today, if you don't mind, I'm not going to play any clips of Trump at all. Instead, I wanna share with you some of my favorite hilarious tiktoks, making fun of Trump and MAGA, and I hope that they bring a smile to your face. My name is Brett Mycells here with the Midas Touch Network. Make sure to hit subscribe. Let's get to 3.5 million subscribers. Let's dive right in. This talker is reacting to people who say they voted for Trump because he is better for the economy.


Watch this. I Voted for Trump because he's better for the economy. You, DoorDash, every single meal, you DoorDash, breakfast, lunch, and dinner for you and your family of four. Sometimes you, DoorDash dessert, you typically pick express delivery, which is an additional like $5. Well, he is gonna make eggs cheaper. You've never used the stove. You don't cook. Maybe we should go onto Excel and make a budget. Maybe that's where we start. She makes a good point. I, I know far too many people like that. This woman perfectly responds to a comment from a Latino American who says, I would rather be deported than to have grown ass men walk into women's bathrooms and assault little girls.


Watch this. This one's interesting. I would rather be deported than to have grown men walk into women's bathrooms and assault little girls. So you voted for the guy who assaults girls to avoid girls being assaulted. Yes, she's right. I, I'm not so sure that makes all that much sense. This woman is sussing out the neighbors after the election. Watch this. Hey, how are you doing? Yeah, yeah, me too. How's your husband in Vegas? Okay, noted. Put on the Christmas lights, huh? Celebrating something or some light in these dark times.


Thank you. That's, that is really nice. Well, you guys look very chipper out here 'cause you love the sun. Yeah, I don't think so. Noted 8 79 Street around. Hello? I saw your little American flag. Is that for, to keep fighting for a better future for everyone. Okay. Not, it's not, that's not clear. You have to be more clear. You guys starting construction on the roof. Got some money coming in herd. Unbelievable. Hey, thanks for leaving those lemons on my porch. I really needed them this week and that's why you left 'em.


You're the best. You're the best. Hi, how are you? Smiling? Pretty big. I've kind of felt like that all week, to be honest when I've been out. Have you guys set to somebody, like anybody outside, like, yeah, it's been a, a really dark week this past week. You could tell a whole lot by the way that they respond to you saying that I, it really tells you everything. Okay, moving on. Let's listen to this guy's song. Watch this. How Did that one song go? You know the song he was singing? He said, what? I need to know who you voted for before you talk to me. Wait, I need to know if you even voted before you talk to me. Wait. And one of the funny things we've seen about Trumpers is that despite all the mean things they say about us, they get really upset if you say anything back.


They could dish it out, but they definitely can't take it. Here's what this creator had to say about that. You liberals are so sensitive and none of you deserve any rights. Your body, my choice, your body, my choice. I hope the government gets rid of all of you. You well so much for the tolerant left. I thought you guys were all about loving each other. You know, I believe that we could disagree and still be friends. Do you? And here's another. Oh my God, you give Trumpers the same energy. They exude they cry. If I knew you guys were gonna cry, I still would've done It. And another, So lemme get this straight. Y'all were calling people lib, tards, drinking out of cups that said liberal tears saying there would be a civil war if you lost.


And now that people are cutting you off, you wanna cry about it. What did you think was gonna happen? And have you noticed that a lot of these Trump voters are like really mad that they won? Like they got everything they wanted, but they are still super angry for some reason. Here's one creator's response to that. Oh My god, Trump supporters, y'all are on my page upset. Y'all won, right? Why are you so mad at what I'm saying? If you won and you truly believe that you won, you would not be worried about what the fuck I'm saying. Get off my page if You don't like. And here's another exactly. Like, why are they still so mad? You're gonna get everything you asked for, everything you asked for. This woman says, quote me.


Trying to have a normal conversation these days. Watch this. That was really funny. That was really good. Who did you vote for? Sorry, but who? Seriously, This is a Latino American who made a video about Latinos for Trump. Watch. Yeah, buddy. We're making America great again. Yeah. Wait, wait, you voted for Trump. Your uncle doesn't have papers. Yeah, neither does. My mom and my brother was born in Mexico. What's your point? My point is that Trump ran on mass deportation. Come on man. Trump are gonna deport everybody besides these tax cuts.


Man, these tax cuts are gonna be great. Those tax cuts are going to the super rich. You work at Walmart. Come on man. Don't talk down to me like that. Like I I make good money, man. I I, I make good money. Look man, I'm not trying to talk down to you, but you don't even have bed frame. You don't even have a bed frame. Those tax cuts aren't gonna help you. So, so, so good. This person says that this is, if Democrats started acting how Republicans acted after the last election, watch this. President Harris, if you've seen this, please save us. This is America. This is our land. Kamala Harris, if you can hear me, please save me.


Kamala Harris, come in. Kamala Harris, if you can hear me, please save me. Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris, please save me. Kamala Harris. I have a feeling Kamala Harris is coming back. Who's with me? Can I get a leg and follow Kamala Harris 2025? It's so stupid. I I love it. I love it. I love it.


So the cold is officially here. Okay, well, the cold in LA is like when it hits 65 or 70 degrees, so bear with me, but guess what? I am living in the perfect gene. These bad boys are super stretchy, soft, and they totally trick people into thinking I've got my life together. Now, am I telling you this because I actually love them or because this is an ad and the perfect gene team paid me to say this? No, I'll tell you honestly, I, I could honestly say that these genes are freaking awesome. 400,000. That's how many men have rescued their parts from stiff unforgiving genes all Thanks to The, Perfect, Jean. These genes have enough stretch to handle Thanksgiving dinner and are comfy enough to wear all day watching Sunday football. They feel like sweatpants and look good enough to be your go-to pants for date night. The perfect gene really has a fit for everybody. They've got six different fits waist ranging from 26 to 50 in lanes from 26 to 38, giving you over 5,000 possible combinations. So whether you're a short king, a tall guy, love a loose fit or still rock skinny jeans, the perfect gene has got you covered. I've been wearing my pair of perfect jeans and they are seriously comfortable. I can move around without feeling restricted and they fit great right outta the box. Plus I've actually gotten compliments on them, which is a rare win for jeans. During the pandemic. I kind of swore off jeans and wore sweats every day. But with the perfect gene, I get that same comfort and I actually look like I have a job when I step out of the house. So that's a big win as well. It's time to stop crushing your parts in uncomfortable jeans by going to the perfect Gene nyc. Our listeners get 15% off your first order, plus free shipping, free returns, and free exchanges when you use code Midas 15 at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S 15 at checkout. That's 15% off for new customers@theperfectgene.nyc with promo code Midas 15, M-E-I-D-A-S 15. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. So please support our show and tell them we sent you screw those khakis and get the perfect gene.


This person says pro-Palestine. People calling Jill Stein for help. Yeah, I don't think she's picking up where's she been, by the way? Huh? This guy has a message to those who say that people care about politics too much. Watch this, And don't let anybody tell you you care about politics too much like politic the way the world is run.


Like, yes, I actually do care about politics and arguably the most important country in the world like you are letting people who punch holes in the walls because like the Chicago bears miss the field goal tell you you care too much about how the world is care caraway. Caraway is right. This person at a Billie Eilish concert had something to say, I Just Donald Trump. Yeah, I'd say that crowd agreed with her. This person says that this is how everyone who voted for Trump sounds on their Instagram stories right now. Watch this. Well, relationships are way bigger than politics. And if you are cutting people out of your wife just because they voted for someone that you didn't want them to vote for, then you are immature.


Yeah, some people voted for a convicted felon and a man who willy, willy Willy hates women because all we were thinking about was money. That doesn't mean that we can't be friends. Hey, yes, I voted against your whites. I don't think that you should be able to have whites as a woman or if you're gay or if you're black, but I still wanna be your friend. What the heck? Anybody who lets politics get in the way of their relationships are just like where we, where we, where we immature. Why do you even care if somebody voted for Trump or not? It is where do we just politics? You think that a family member voted against your whites?


If you think that you should be upset at them for that, then you are the one who's stupid. That's like really dumb. This is Megan. This is Kyle. They voted for different people, but they still best friends because at the end of the day, we're relationships way bigger than politics. Oh man, these are so, so, so good. I hope you enjoyed these. I hope they brought a smile to your face. Let me know your favorites and remember to hit that subscribe button. I'll see you soon. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.