
Ryan Reynolds here for, I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, honestly, when I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.


UN and Donald Trump speaking in a very small venue in North Carolina to close out his campaign. There you see the outside where they believed there was going to be an overflow crowd. There was not. They couldn't even fill up the 7,600 person arena. Just take a look at some of these photos right here and take a look. It is a ghost town at Trump's election. Eve. Rally Play this clip. Oh, We'll fix this country. We'll elect Donald Trump.


Talk about what Donald Trump was saying though. He talks about hitting Michelle Obama. That's a interesting way to close out the campaign. Threatening physical assault, play the clip. Countries weren't accepting him back until I came. You know with Bar Hussein Obama. I call him the great divider. He's a great divider. And he hit Oh, and Michelle hit me the other day. I was so nice to her outta respect. I was so nice. She hit me the other day. I was gonna say to my people, am I allowed to hit her now? They said, take it easy, sir. Sir, take it. My geniuses. I'm telling you. They said, just take it. Oh, what do you mean?


She said, bad about me. I can't hit back. Sir, you are winning. Just relax. That's, is that good adv? Is that good or bad advice? I think it's neutral. You know what? You know what the response is there. It's like, nah. One of the ladies from North Carolina think about hit back or just be, just relax, huh? Oh, they say hit back. You say, hit back. I'd actually love to hit back, but we'll hold it a little while. Let's, we'll hold it. I'd love to hit back, but Oh, no, no. She took some shots at me the other day and said, whoa, whoa, whoa.


What have we here? I'd never heard that before. I've always treated her very nicely. But he's the great divider. Barack Hussein Obama. He's a great divider. So let me understand this. Donald Trump threatened to kill Liz Cheney as part of his closing message. He simulated oral sex on a microphone. Now he's threatening to hit Michelle Obama over the weekend. He also told people to like shoot the media or words to that, that effect. Seriously. People then Donald Trump lies and talks about Aurora, Colorado being conquered and that he needs to be the liberator of Colorado here. Play, this clip been Conquered. Our towns have been, you take a look at Aurora, take a look at Springfield.


We have a town of 50,000 people and they drop 30,000 illegal. My they, they used a little technicality, so we don't call 'em, but that, to me, that's illegal. In any event, there's no way a town can subsist. You have Then Donald Trump refers to an app, He says, and then he goes, ding, ding. Hello, Play. this clip, They have an app. Can you believe you call an app, you're now a drug trafficker or a human trafficker, and you say, ding, ding, ding. Hello. Where do I drop these people? Go about seven miles up and then go a mile left and just drop him at the opening in the gate.


Okay, thank can, can you believe this? I mean, look, he's clearly cognitively declining before our eyes. We've done lots of videos on that. Take a look at this. He talks about space command, but has no clue what he's even saying. Play, this clip You know. We opened up Space Command. We did the whole thing. We, if we didn't do that, we'd be way, way behind Space Force. You know Space. He then attacks Springfield, Ohio again, which he has contributed to death threats and just horrific statements against the Haitian community there. And He says how horrible Springfield has become because of the Haitians There Play this clip, And these are the, they come from largely a troubled country, a very troubled country, very dangerous country, but a very troubled country.


And they have another little problem. They don't speak a word of English. So the mayor, who's a nice guy, is looking for interpreters. This isn't what we're all about. 30,000 people going to a 50,000 people down Springfield, Springfield, Ohio, no problems. We had a beautiful, beautiful little town. And now it's horrible. And this is happening. Meanwhile, you have Donald, Trump, surrogates like Matt Gaetz saying that the core, this is today, the core plot of the Barbie movie was distracting men so they wouldn't vote, don't make the Barbie movie come true. So they're spinning this of Donald Trump losing based on the Barbie movie. Remember what Matt Gaetz previously said during the midterms?


Play, this clip right here. Is it safe to say that based off of your comments, you're suggesting that these women at these abortion rallies are ugly and overweight? Yes. What do you say to people who think that those comments are offensive? Be Offended. Also, Donald Trump's chief spokesperson, his closing message is Kuck husband of Kamala chairperson has no idea what he's talking about because he's used to not knowing what's going on behind his back. That's Steve Chung Donald Trump spokesperson. By the way, Von Hilliard of NBC commented on Trump's small crowd in the closing days. Let's Play this clip Quickly show you here. We're in North Carolina. This is gonna be his first stop. He's making two stops in Pennsylvania, Redding, and then Pittsburgh before finishing the night as he did in 2016 and 2020 in Grand Rapids, Michigan.


And I wanna show you guys real fast what this crowd looks like. 'cause Donald Trump was scheduled to take the stage at 10:00 AM and our Tony Butler's gonna show you what this crowd currently looks like. We're looking at about a capacity, about 70% full here. And for nine years, I'm gonna have Tony Pan to the right. For nine years. We have talked about the enthusiasm and the masses that have come out for Trump's rallies time and again, even at his politically lowest points, including in 2022. But interestingly, and I can't tell you exactly why, but in this final week, we have seen far smaller crowds. We were in Greensboro, North Carolina. Were just a few thousand people, Mac and Georgia, just a few thousand people yesterday.


What does that mean? Ultimately, you can only discern so much from what crowd sizes look like. But interestingly, for the first time since I've been covering Donald Trump since 2015, there's been us in the press that have been looking around questioning why the crowd sizes have been less than what we are accustomed to. There are some people that have suggested that a great many folks have already early voted, so they feel like they've done their thing. They don't gotta come out. Others have said, look, he's been to North Carolina so many times. It's essentially saturated at this point, but at this point in time, it's hard not to take any little clue that there is from early voting locations to the rallies where we're accustomed to seeing him draw thousands of people today, that's not so much the case. We'll see what the next three rallies look like though, guys,


The Midas mighty community are at the heart of this network and this movement. It's why it's so important that we all look after our heart health. Heart health matters. It's important to me. I have super beat, heart chew every single day. And you should too. It's delicious. It gives me so much energy, and I have the peace of mind that I am doing right by my own body. Let me tell you about this. 'cause paired with a healthy lifestyle, the antioxidants in SuperBeets are clinically shown to be nearly two times more effective at promoting normal blood pressure than a healthy lifestyle. And when I have my SuperBeets heart choose, it is delicious. I look forward every day to having those super beats heart shoes, and I look forward to that energy burst that I get as well. Cardiovascular health matters because it connects your heart to every part of your body. So the number one doctor, pharmacist, and cardiologist recommended beat brand for cardiovascular health support is super SuperBeets. Heart shoes add onto that, it tastes great. So power the moments your heart beats with SuperBeets heart shoes. Get 15% off even more on bundles using the code Midas at GETSUPERBEETS dot com. That's make sure you spell it right. That's get GETSUPERBEETS dot com. And use the code Midas, that's GETSUPERBEETS dot com and use the code Midas, you are going to love super beats. Heart chew here.


Donald Trump just sounds incomprehensible. Play this clip. So I just give you a little bit of a thing. And by the way, the press will say, oh, he rambled. No, that's not ramble. You know what that is. That was genius. That's the weave. No, see, I, I wove, frankly, the rest of it I don't really even have to talk about. But that was the ultimate weave. And Trump sounds like he's spiraling right now. Here, Play, this clip, When I saw that rocket came down, when I saw that sucker come down, 22 stories, by the way, You know, people think it's like five feet high. It's 22 stories that sucker's coming down, and it's those engines were blowing it.


All com He says, it's all computers. You know it's true. I think I said, oh man, it's gonna crash now, dude. It's going right into the gantry. It's gonna crash. And then the engines, the fire starts blowing the bottom left. The whole bottom left is blowing. And it just pushed it and then it came down. And those two big arms, you saw the arms, they grabbed that thing like you grab your beautiful baby. See, I'd find much better years ago, I would've said something else, but I've learned yet, you have to learn. I would've been a little bit more risque. Like, you grab your child, you grab your child, and I put it in place.


And I called Elon. I said, was that you? Yes. And He says, that's genius. He said, yeah, it's, it was a lot of, a lot of brain power went into that. I said, why do you do that? He said, well, we don't wanna drop a ship in the ocean every time it goes, and you have to start all over. Those things cost billions of dollars. He said, this way we save them. I said, can Russia do that? No. Will they be able to? No, not for a long time. What about China? No. You know. We opened up space command. We did the whole thing. We, if we didn't do that, we'd be way, way behind. Sounds like Donald Trump's being asked a question about North Carolina.


Governor Mark Robinson and Trump's like, tell 'em no, you're Play this clip. And Immediately my heart drops and sinks to the bottom of my stomach. Tell him No. Donald. Trump then makes some comment about drug companies and the labs. I have no clue what he's saying, Play this clip. But that's essentially what it says. And You know. The funny thing is, the ones that were most against it were the drug companies and the labs. The lab. We have the greatest labs in the world. What we're doing, space, age things are we, and we got it started. It was, it was dying on the limb before I came along. Well, NASA was dead when I came along. All you're seeing with the space, and NASA was dead. NASA had grass growing out of, its, out of its runways, it it.


And by the way, take a look at what happened here. CSP span pans out and reveals there's lots of empty seats at this rally in Raleigh. Play, this clip Resave and fix this country. And then look, 'cause as, as we stated, the fact that Trump's campaign is in North Carolina the day before the election day is a major sign of weakness for the campaign. The fact that the venue so empty should be sounding the alarm bells at Trump headquarters. Also, this new Marus poll just dropped. It's one of the best in the business, has Vice President Kamala Harris up four, but also up 14 among people who have already voted.


She's also closed the gap among men voters. And of course, we've seen the trend of women voters absolutely repulsed and disgusted by Donald Trump of all political parties saying, we're not voting for him. So there you have it. That's what went down in North Carolina, threatening to hit Michelle Obama. Obama as his closing message. Disgusting, disturbing. Make your plan to vote. Tell others to vote. Thank you so much for watching, and have a good day. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.