
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm ready for My life to Change a, b, C tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck. Hung up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is Man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Ritchie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


I'm William Gug, a URI collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's vu OR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


The Day began with Donald Trump crashing the markets after imposing tariffs on Canada, Mexico, and China. It concluded with Donald Trump giving the worst joint session speech in American history. And right before he gave that speech, he gave his old buddy Chief Justice John Roberts, a pat on the back saying thank you. Thank you. I won't forget what you did. John, take a look at this. Remember, chief Justice John Roberts issued the ruling that gave Donald Trump absolute immunity so he could escape criminal accountability. Look at the raw corruption after Donald Trump crashed our markets earlier in the day.


Just watch it. Thank you again. Thank you again once again. So good. Yeah, it's good. So good sir. Man, chief Justice John Roberts will go down as the most pathetic chief justice in American history. And that's saying something. So as we sit on the Midas touch account, is this what they all meant by the red wave? The stock market is down, or the Dow Jones is down over 2000 points, close to 5% in the last month alone, looking awfully like Donald Trump's stocks and his companies that went bankrupt as former Congress member Adam Kinzinger was a Republican, posted this meme.


Listen up liberals as Donald Trump crashes the economy. But look, listen to what the Wall Street Journal is saying these, this is four different articles from the Wall Street Journal yesterday. Here are the headlines. How uncertainty from Trump's tariff is rippling through the economy. Trump's tariffs cause chaos in auto industry. The two-headed monster, stalking the economy has a name. Stagflation Tariffs have stoked fears of a dreary combination of weak growth and inflation. You know, the Atlanta Federal Reserve believes there will be negative 3% GDP in the first quarter when if Donald Trump just did nothing and let former President Biden's economy go on auto drive, literally do nothing.


The expectation was that the growth would be three to 4%, not a contraction, not minus three, two, 4%. Oh, and here's the other headline from the Wall Street Journal from yesterday. This is a Murdoch owned property. This tilts conservative tariff war risks sinking world into great depression. International Chamber of commerce warns the world economy could face crash similar to the Great Depression of the 1930s. And by the way, it wasn't like Donald Trump squashed the fears last night. He said tariffs, there's gonna be a a little bit of a disturbance.


There'll be a disturbance. But we're okay with disturbances, right? Everybody's okay with disturbances here. Play this Clinton. They're About protecting the soul of our country. Tariffs are about making America rich again and making America great again. And it's happening and it will happen rather quickly. There'll be a little disturbance, but we are okay with that. It won't be much. No, you're not all, Everybody's okay with disturbances. Look, we did tell you that he and Elon Musk said that they wanted to inflict hardship upon Americans.


They said they wanted to break it down, kind of crash it down, and then they said they would build it back up once they took the whole system down. I mean, that's actually what they said they wanted to do. Listen to what he says here in the joint session from last night, Donald Trump says to Speaker maga, Mike Johnson, get rid of the CHIPS act. Get rid of anything left of the CHIPS Act. Just to remind you, the CHIPS Act was a bipartisan piece of legislation that was signed into law by former President Biden that invested over $50 billion in the semiconductor industry in the United States and created hundreds of thousands of jobs.


Red states, blue states, ruby red areas led to a manufacturing boom that Trump is destroying. Listen to him. Listen to him. You should get rid of the Chip Act and whatever's left over Mr. Speaker, you should use it to reduce debt or any other reason you want to. And look for Donald Trump who said that he's going to stop World War III from Remember Donald, I'll stop World War iii. There's no World War iii.


In fact, America's alliances were stronger than ever under former President Biden. NATO was stronger than ever. But now look at what the Chinese embassy in the US posted this. This is the Chinese embassy in the us. They're seeing how weak Donald Trump is. This is their post. If war is what the US wants, be it a tariff war, a trade war, or any other type of war, we are ready to fight until the end. That's the Chinese embassy in the US saying any type of war, we are ready to fight until the end. So go from China, let's go to the United Kingdom where the Daily Star has on its front cover.


This photo of JD Vance Trump deputies vile slur on Brit heroes. Vance slams us the incredible brave United Kingdom armed forces who had valiantly fought in many, many wars as a random country who hasn't fought a war in 40 years. You see Donald in the background, these like little babies, these people, Donald and jd, but 636 of our troops died in Afghanistan and Iraq fighting alongside the us. I mean, you have JD Vance and Donald Trump attacking our closest allies like the uk, like Canada, like Mexico, but you know, Canada and UK fought by the US aside all of the time.


Prime Minister Trudeau posted the following yesterday. The moment the US tariffs came into effect, so did the Canadian response. Canada will be implementing 25% tariffs against $155 billion of American products, starting with $30 billion worth of goods. Then the premier of Ontario, Doug Ford posted Canada and Ontario didn't start this trade war, but Team Canada is ready to win it. As a first step in our response, Ontario will rip up our contract with starlink, take us alcohol off of L CBOs shelves. They're the biggest purchaser of alcohol and ban US companies from government procurements that sent the United States stock market into the crash yesterday.


And then Howard Lutnick, Trump's commerce secretary called up Doug Ford and others to beg them, please don't be mean to the us Donald could, could we just make up a fake deal again to give you, just don't be rude to Donald, just, just pretend you like him. And Doug Ford said, now you punched us. You, you gut punched your ally and now we're gut punching you back. Canada was prepared and ready for this. They outmaneuvered the us Canada's going to have economic difficulties, but as we've been saying on this podcast and on this YouTube channel, they prepared in Canada.


And all of a sudden the US like, oh, what they did this, they retaliated. Yeah, we said they were gonna do it. They said they were going to do it and good for them. This ridiculous idiotic Trump regime is driving the United States into the ground. Take a look at this poll from civics. How would you rate the condition of the national economy right now? Negative 38, 60 5% of Americans say the economy is very bad or fairly bad right now. But you know, the MAGA are focused on all the important things on people's minds. Like they're fighting with themselves over the release of the Epstein files, right? We know that Donald Trump was like Epstein's close friend.


And so we told you Trump never wanted the Epstein files released. But for some reason the Magdas were like, we're gonna release it. Like Trump's like, nah, can you not release? Like, like he kind of like trafficked the girls from Mar-a-Lago like Virginia Giuffre. And I kind of was friends with them and Ghislaine Maxwell, like, I mean, right? So he, here was the reporting yesterday from a, b, c, new attorney General Bondy blindsided the White House by handing out the Epstein file binders to MAGA influencers. Last week, Bondy told staff not to tell the White House the plan. Apparently thinking the surprise would be well received. Surprise, surprise, surprise, surprise.


I mean, they're idiotic goes, go look at the photos. Go look at the photos. Trump said that Epstein's a great guy who likes women on the younger side. Donald Trump held beauty pageants where he said that he looks at the women naked without their consent because as the owner of beauty pageants, they let you do it. Donald Trump held beauty pageants with like teenage girl, like 12-year-old girls, 13 girls younger than teenagers. Trump was. He is photographed on these boats with these young girls. The whole thing's like disgusting. It's, it's disgusting. Trump, Trump was found liable for sexual assault. But what are we talking about here? He's on audio bragging about it.


But folks, magar, Republican congresswoman Nancy Mace focused on the important things like this. Women want someone who will go to battle for them. I am your lion here, me roar. As our editor-in-chief Ron Philip Kowski goes, that's a male lion. That's not a lion. S so for someone fixated on women, she picked a lion, a male, not a lioness. The cosplay continued yesterday. Yesterday a new outfit was unlocked. Christie Nome, the Homeland Security secretary, she does all this like cosplay dress up. Sometimes she's a cowgirl.


And then sometimes she's SWAT team. And then here she is, I, here she is in, in Arlington, Virginia. This is what cosplaying in Arlington, Virginia, like, you know, five, 10 miles outside of, of DC proper. The whole thing is ridiculous. Oh, and then you have MAGA Republican congress member, like Brandon Gill intro, this is real. They're introduced the Golden Act to put Trump's face on the $100 bill. Alina Haa Trump's top advisor saying that veterans who have been fired from government jobs are not good workers and the veterans deserve to be fired.


Let's play it today. Starting to think about maybe some of those veterans who worked for the federal government and maybe what the administration can do to at least help salvage their lives. Well, as you know, we care about veterans tremendously. I I mean, that's something the president has always cared about. Anybody in blue, anybody that serves this country. But at the same time, we have taxpayer dollars. We have a fiscal responsibility to use taxpayer dollars to pay people that actually work. That doesn't mean that we forget our veterans by any means. We are going to care for them in the right way, but perhaps they're not fit to have a job at this moment or not willing to come to work. And we can't, you know, I wouldn't take money from you and pay somebody and say, sorry. You know, they, they're not gonna come to work. It's just not acceptable. And then finally here, you have Donald Trump blaming everything on former President Biden, Joe Biden especially, let the price of eggs get out of control, the egg prices out of control, and we're working hard to get it back down.


Secretary, do a good job on that. You inherited a total mess from the previous administration. Do a good Job. But of course, Donald Trump has to end with the fundraising blitz. I'm launching an ultra MAGA fundraising blitz. He says, because the Democrats are watching our numbers like hawks ready to pounce. If we don't shatter records in the hours before my address to the nation, they'll be claiming victory. Oh, victory over what? What the hell are you fundraising for? What are you doing election's over? You have, you have to gr as you destroy the economy, as you pummel your supporters to the ground, as you take away their Medicaid, you're doing a fundraising blitz to take their remaining dollars.


You pathetic grift are you, you the most despicable person ever. Wow. Wow, wow. Anyway, everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com. All 100%. USA Union Made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, lemme point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.