
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What advice? They have my favorite brand, like a, I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


FanDuel is giving all new customers a shot at $250 in bonus bets. Join FanDuel today. You'll get started with $250 in bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins from three pointers to steals, to assist, FanDuel has so many ways to bet your favorite player props. Plus, after the game tips off, you can even combine live prop bets into a same game. Parlay. For a chance to win big, just visit fanduel.com/sports fan to get in on all the BA playing tournament action. That's fanduel.com/sports fan for your shot at $250. In bonus bets,


Complete and utter weakness, complete and utter lunacy, the Trump regime is an utter mess. As protests continue today, the 50 51 protests spreading once again across the nation. Donald Trump began yesterday by posting memes and posting altered images of the New York Times cover that talks about Abrego Garcia and Donald Trump's, like we're never going to return him, despite a nine to zero ruling from the Supreme Court saying, facilitate the return of the migrant who you kidnapped and threw in an extermination camp in El Salvador without due process.


And as the day progressed, Donald Trump continued to try to project the image of a strong man. 'cause he knows deep down inside how weak he is and how the whole world views him as a pathetic fool. Donald Trump posted this yesterday. It's a interview of him on Fox, and this is Trump's recap of it, Trump on Fox. We didn't need legislation, we need a president. In other words, what he's saying is we don't need due process. We need a dictator. We don't need laws, we need a dictator. If you look at this and you're okay with him posting this, then let's just face it, you hate America.


You don't like democracy. You don't like law and order, you don't like our system. Perhaps you'd like to live in Russia. More on that in a moment. And as the day winded down yesterday, Donald Trump started posting torture videos, ISIS style, torture, torture videos of Americans handing off migrants to the government of of El Salvador to be tortured in extermination camps. And Trump posted video after video of that again, Donald Trump giving the middle finger to the federal courts and to the United States Supreme Court. But Donald, you're not fooling people.


If you want to take a look at the latest Atlas Intel poll, they were one of the, if not the best pollster in 2024 on all of the issues Donald Trump's underwater in the Atlas Intel poll, meaning Americans disapprove of him on immigration, negative six. And as you start asking questions, not just about deportation and strong borders in general, which most people support as an abstract theory, but taking people without due process, sending them to prisons or concentration camps in other countries, those are not favored at all by wide margins by the American people. But Trump's negative six on immigration, negative 14 on the economy, negative 12 on democracy, negative 17 on healthcare negative eight when it comes to dealing with China.


China is just making a total buffoon of Donald Trump. But that's not that hard 'cause that's who Donald Trump is. Remember Donald Trump's promises, though? I said I would talk about Russia on day one, that there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. He said it would be so easy. He said he knows Zelensky and he knows Putin. And it would be very easy to bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. Well, yesterday we learned a few things. First, the US basically proposed a plan that gives all of the territory that Russia's taken over in Ukraine to Russia. A total capitulation would be part of Donald Trump's plan. And to have the United States recognize Crimea as being part of Russia, in other word, rewarding Russia for its genocide of Ukrainians and its unlawful invasion.


We knew that was Trump's plan all along. And Trump quickly lost patience in the negotiation. And In fact, he and Marco Rubio said, look, if the parties don't accept this, we're done. We're done with this. We're not gonna stick around to do peace. It's too challenging, it's too difficult to do. I thought, Donald, it was gonna be easy. So yesterday, Donald Trump looked like big bird in the Oval Office, this big yellow tie, Donald Trump speaking about peace negotiations. And let me show you what he said. Play this clip Being killed in battle. It's a vicious battle with the best equipment, the best, everything. And it is brutal.


2,500 young people a week, some of 'em not so young, actually. They're getting older. They're getting older by the month. But 2,500 a week and we're gonna get it stopped, ideally. Now, if for some reason one of the two parties makes it very difficult, and we're just gonna say, you are foolish. You are fools, you're horrible people, and we're gonna just take a pass. But hopefully we won't have to do that. No, Marco and Marco's right in saying it. We're getting, we wanna see it end. Think of it. So at the Midas Touch Network, we made this video of Trump's promises versus what Trump and his Secretary of State, Marco Rubio are saying right now Here, Play this clip.


Could End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I do. How would You do that? I know zelinsky very well. I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. No one's saying it's gonna be done in 12 hours, but we wanna see how far apart it is and whether those differences are, can even be narrowed. So we came here yesterday to sort of begin to talk about more specific outlines of what it might take to end the war to try to figure out very soon. And I'm talking about a matter of days, not a matter of weeks, whether or not this is the war that can be ended. If for some reason, one of the two parties makes it very difficult, we're just gonna say, you are foolish, you are fools, you're horrible people.


And we're gonna just take a pass. Yeah. When you go into the cross tabs of some of these polls that show Donald Trump's approval plummeting to, lowers to levels that are lower than his first term, and you poll certain groups in month three of his second term, Trump's average approval rating is under 40%. Among the following groups, among black people, 23% among people ages 18 to 29, his approval's 34% independence, 37 moderates, 37% women, 39% Latinos, 39%. And so what's Donald Trump doing as all of the data is bad, as it's obvious that his trade war is causing not just a recession, but a great recession or even something worse, what Donald Trump said he did in the first term.


You gotta stop the testing, stop the data. ProPublica did a great report. I'll do a video today that goes into more detail about it. I'm gonna interview Congress member Poppas about it as well. Donald Trump halts data collection on drug use, maternal mortality, climate change, and more. Donald Trump's basically in gutting these agencies, by the way, federal spending's up, just want to give you the objective data. There's more federal spending now under Trump than there was under former President Biden. Also, salaries for federal workers upright now more than it was under former President Biden. So it was never about cutting government waste.


It was about stealing your data. It was about stealing your social security information, getting your medical records, getting all of the sensitive information, tax information for the Trump regime to hoard and to use against people. I mean, that, that's what this was about. Because if it was actually about government efficiency, the exact opposite took place. Let me be very clear about that. So a deadly e coli outbreak hit 15 states, but the FDA chose not to report it. Donald Trump now claims that egg prices are way down, right? Yesterday's press conference, Donald Trump said that the big issue with eggs right now is that they're too cheap and so many people have too many eggs.


You don't know what to do with all of your eggs because you have so many eggs. And of course it's a lie. But there is this complete detachment from reality. This is what fascist authoritarian regimes do Here. Play this clip of Donald Trump saying eggs and everything is so, so cheap right now, Here, Play this clip. And the egg prices are down 87%. But nobody talks about that. You can have all the eggs you watch. We have too many eggs. In fact, if anything, the prices are getting too low. So, so I just wanna let you know prices are down Because what's really going on right now, as Barron's reports, there's a global rebalancing underway as investors continue to sell off us bonds.


Yes, there'll be updates in the market down days in the market, but the trend is now down. And unfortunately, it's a trend that is, seems to be here to stay persistently from this article. It explains the rest of the world has crossed a red line, and they will try to reduce dependence on the us, on trade, on defense, on everything. There just ain't going back. The US is viewed as unreliable, capricious, arbitrary, vindictive, fascist under the Trump regime. It's gonna take a lot of rebuilding folks. And what does Donald Trump do? He aligns himself with people like naive b Kelly.


That's who Donald Trump worships or looks up to. $35 billion. GDP in El Salvador. Trump loves Victor Orban of hungry, huge inflation failed state. Essentially, Donald Trump loves Javier Malay of Argentina, massive poverty. You know, he likes North Korea. Kim Jong-un, he looks up to failed dictators. And so perhaps the least surprising news of this all, oh, Alex Eisenstadt, I think he's a good writer. He got the scoop, scoop. Trump revamped Schedule F, making it easier to cut federal workers. And it talks about how, this is what we talked about, right?


With Project 2025, they were gonna recharacterize the workers so that they're all at will employees. That's what Schedule F is. But look, while that is serious at this point, Trump's gutted the federal government. I mean, he's fired so many people. He's destroyed the ability of agencies to function from the National Oceanic Institutes work to the forest services, to NIH and CDC. You've got RFK Junior giving these speeches and saying the most horrific things about autistic people and saying that people who are older don't have autism, and it's only in younger people.


And just spreading all of these medical lies and disinformation, you know, it's, it is a cto, which means a regime staffed by the worst of the worst. That's what it is now. But folks, I I, I do feel hope within all of this. I feel hope when I see senators like Van Holland going and speaking with a Abrego Garcia standing up to the Trump regime. I feel hope when there's protests. Like the protest today, after this video, I'm gonna do a whole other video on the protest where I'm just gonna focus on the protest today. I know it's important that we cover that here. I I, I feel that the Trump regime looks weaker.


They're unable to implement a lot of their agenda. They're good at breaking things. They're bad at building things. And I think the rest of the world knows how to counter it and check it. I mean, I'll do a whole other video on Canada as well. I think Canada's cornered the Trump regime. Europe is, you know, and, and they recognize that Donald Trump's an extortionist and he's a felon. He's a sexual abuser. He's a predator, right? I mean, and extortionists like him. If you give him an inch, he takes more. So they come back to you again. They hit you up more extortionists. So you, you just, you can't negotiate with extortionists. Anyway, that's where we're at today. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe, and let's get to 5 million subscribers. We've got a lot of videos today, so check back every 90 minutes or so on the YouTube.


Go to Midas Plus dot com. Check out store dot Midas Touch dot com as well. And we really appreciate you Midas mighty. Stay in the fight. We're in this together. We're grateful for you. Have a good day. New Midas Plus me drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Job Midas Touch dot com.