
Time to move, skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


I don't need a piece here, fellas. I need a piece here. I need a piece. I'm not worried about these people. As a reporter who takes my job seriously. I cannot sane wash the meltdown that we are witnessing. We must report, we must move forward with this. That's Donald Trump there in Pennsylvania. One of his closing speeches, this was a serious meltdown. He is not well in the head at all and not well physically, but it gets very dangerous folks. 'cause then Donald Trump threatens the press. Donald Trump says that if you want to get at him, you're going to have to shoot at the press.


You'll have to shoot through them. Encouraging people to take violent action against the media. I'm gonna show you what he just said. Let's play it A little bit. Intelligence. And I have a piece of glass over here and I don't have a piece of glass there, and I have this piece of glass here. But all we have really over here is the fake news, right? And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news.


And I don't mind that so much because I don't mind, I don't mind that. Then Donald Trump says that the polls are phony. He talks about a poll called the Sellr Poll out of Iowa, where he's trailing by three points in the great state of Iowa. Fox cuts away, you'll watch what Fox does here. They cut out 'cause they need to sane wash the meltdown that's about to follow Play. this clip, They just announced a, a fake poll. Hey, think of it right before the election that I'm three points down, I'm not down in Iowa.


I got $28 billion for the farmers, 28 billion, Nobody else. So there is former President Trump in Pennsylvania. The, You notice what Fox does right there? A lot of corporate media does that. They wanna hide this from you. We can't look away. We need to recognize the threat and we need to send this video to anybody we know before the election so they can see what is going on and what the corporate media is trying to stop us from seeing here. Donald Trump says that he gets 50,000 people during his debates. He says, during debates, we draw big crowds and they say people are leaving early during debates for anybody who's had people in their life suffering from dementia, people who are in recovery, You, know what you're watching here.


Play the clip. That's what they were fighting for. They need more assets because we have big rallies. You know we have 50,000. Interestingly, during the debate, she said, oh, oh, and your debates don't really draw and everybody leaves early. So then I go, I go, because when somebody says something, I think you have to refute it, right? I said, no, my debates never have an empty seat. And nobody ever leaves early. Nobody has ever left early. These guys will tell you Then Donald Trump says that essentially he believes in eugenics and he believes in the race horse theory. That's a Nazi theory. He says he believes in the race horse theory and that he believes he is smart because of his genetics.


and that vice President Kamala Harris, in his words, she is dumb because of her genetics. This is what he's saying in Pennsylvania. And I want you to know how dangerous that is, especially when you've been following the other speeches we've been covering where Donald Trump says that the enemy is within. I'm going to put the military against the American people. I'm going to invoke the 1798 Alien Enemies Act, which is on the basis of ancestry. We're going to bloody mass deportations. Listen to what he's saying, Play this clip You know it's a little strange.


I'm, I'm a pretty smart guy. I have genetic, do you believe in genetics? I do. You know fast race horses produce fast race horses, whether you like it or not. And, but I'm, I'm a very, I I believe in it and like I'm smart. I, I tell the story, thank you very much, I appreciate it. He said, brilliant, probably brilliant, but no, and we do the weave, right? This is a weave today. They'll say, and this is a very important lesson because I'm trying to tell you what's happening with our country. It's going bad and it can never get fixed because we're never gonna get the right people.


And because of what they do with the elections, we're gonna get a bunch of crooks and horrible people and not dumb, not dumb people. By the way, You know she's a dumb person, but to party, but she's not, not, she's not gonna run. She's the vessel. Then somebody in the crowd here listen carefully says, do we have any chance of winning? And then Donald Trump says, honestly, me just rambling here. Isn't this better than my speech people? Isn't this better play the clip? Do we have any chance to wait? Isn't this better than my speech? Isn't this, no, because honestly, somebody's gotta talk about it.


They say, sir, I'd rather have you not talk about it. I we have a certain network. Oh, if you even mention the fact that there's cheating in an election, they turn you off. I mean, this is supposed to be one of our brave, very brave networks. I won't mention which, but you can imagine You know the next clip. Donald Trump attacks former president Barack Obama. He calls him Hussein. He attacks former President Barack Obama's wife Michelle. Folks, can't we move past this chapter of, of this meltdown, this decrepit fool on stage, this chaos agent here, Play, this clip. We had the best border that we've had in recorded history.


I mean, it was good. And I took over a mess because I took over the mess that Barack Hussein Obama and this who's, who's a big divider, who's a major divider and he's a major trouble banker, okay? He's and You know I've always treated his wife with respect, just, just one of those things. But I've always treated his wife with great respect, but she came at me the other day. That's not nice of her to do. And I think we're gonna start having a little fun with Michelle. I think we're gonna have a little fun with Michelle, but I always treated her with a lot of respect.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do Now thanks to Miracle Made Sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable and without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with Miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you. Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Then he winds about the polls. The polls corrupt. Everything's corrupt. Let's play it. But it's now or never. This is it. This is the moment. We've been waiting nine years for this and we got two days and we got all this crap going on with the press and with the fake stuff and fake polls. And by the way, the polls are just as corrupt as some of the writers back there. They can make those polls sing. They can make them sing. They brag about it. I got a poem, 10 points up in Iowa. One of my enemies just puts out a poem. Three down Jonah Ernst called me, everyone's called me. They said, you're killing in Iowa. The farmers love me and I love them, but they came up, They just announced a, a fake poll.


Hey, think of it right before the election that I'm three points down, I'm not down in Iowa. I got $28 billion for the farmers, 28 billion. Nobody else would've gotten 10 cents. Joe would sleep. He would, do you think he thinks about the farmers and You know who gave me the 28 billion for the farmers China because China screwed our farmers. And then they tell me, I'm down in Iowa. I don't think so. And You know what a good poll, Emerson, no friend of mine, they said that poll is wrong. Everybody said, why do they announce a poll that's highly skewed toward Democrats and liberals?


Why do they do that when you read it? They interviewed far more Democrats and they did Republicans. Why do they do that? Why do they do that? And I guess there's a law that they have to say that. 'cause they would've preferred not having to say that. Then Donald Trump says that he actually should not have left in 2020. That he should have remained in power as a dictator. Play the Clip our country, the day that I left, I shouldn't have left. I mean honestly. 'cause we did so. We did so well. We had such a great, so now, I mean every, every polling booth has hundreds of lawyers standing there. It's all about the lawyers. Everybody's standard lawyers. Nobody should have that.


You hear what he's saying that he shouldn't have left. I think that means when He says, I want to be a dictator on day one. What do you think that means? You can't sane wash this stuff here. Then Donald Trump says he doesn't believe climate change is real. He says, because it's cool in Pennsylvania today. Therefore climate change is not real. Play the clip Guiding us and You know we have a problem. We don't have a global warming problem. They don't use that term anymore anyway because as you can see the planet, it's getting, it's very cool out here today. Is it? Oh, they go crazy when I said, but it's not global warming. 'cause at certain points it starts to cool a little bit like now.


Then a car alarm sounds in the distance and Donald Trump does this, Play, this clip. You see that horn over there? They put that horn up. You hear it? It's right in the field where you might have a sniper. See that's and I have no glass here. Yeah, I have no glass. I have glass here. There's nothing over there. There my glass. See those people are my glass. I'm hearing that horn. That could be any minute. Now they're getting ready.


What the hell do I know? I must be wrong. I must be wrong. Probably it was. It was probably Biden or the other one that said, screw 'em. Don't give 'em the less. Then Donald Trump already is preemptively going after poll workers and election workers. And he is saying, oh, they spend all this money on these machines and the machines don't work. They are in panic mode. Folks play the clip and You ought to have the election over by nine o'clock. I'm hearing now they're gonna take weeks. Can you imagine? They spend all this money, all this money on machines, and they're gonna say, we may take an extra 12 days to determine and And what do you think happens during that 12 days?


What do you think happens? Then Donald. Trump asks, where is the Amish community there in church? Play the clip. These Are all great. I also wanna recognize our great Amish community. We have, where are they? The Amish community. You know they're a church. He then praises the authoritarian leader of China, play the clip dealing Against the roughest, toughest, smartest. Oh, the press goes crazy. If I say President Xi of China is a brilliant man, they go crazy. He called it brilliant. Well, he runs on 1.4 billion people within nine 50.


Yeah, I'd say he's brilliant. More whining about the poll in Iowa that has him losing by three. Play the clip The opposite way. I'm way up. If you look at three, four months ago, Dan, I was losing states that now are walks. You know, they're now walks, and I think you could have that here. They, it is called suppression. They suppress and it's actually should be illegal because it's, in many ways, it's worse than the written word, which these guys do quite well actually. And then throughout the speech, he continued to bring up his campaign managers, Susie Wiles and Chris Avita. It shows you that there's a lot of panic and chaos going on behind the scenes.


Play this clip. Think Of this. You know, when I run this election, we have meetings with Susie and Chris and all professionals, respected people, a lot of people, and we talk about strategy, like what do you think we're gonna say? Or where do you, where are we gonna hold a rally and how much are things gonna cost? And what are we doing? You know. In other words, normal. When they meet, they meet to find out how can they cheat? Well, there you have it folks. We're not saying washing any of this, but here's what I need your help to do. Now. Share this video with people in your life right away who may be undecided or even your friends who are thinking about voting for this person.


Show 'em how dangerous this is. Show 'em what's going on, and you could be the difference maker in this election. So use this video as a tool to help and educate corporate media. Sure ain't going to do it. We need your help. So please do it And. let me know how you use our videos as resources to help activate people to protect our democracy. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.