
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions at K lm do com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


I don't know about you, but this doesn't feel like winning to me. Waking up again this morning to see the Dow Jones crashing in our markets crashing once again, and then seeing Donald Trump in a panic reversing the trade war stuff that he previously threatened, that he previously reversed, that he previously threatened, that he previously reversed, that he previously threatened, and that he previously reversed what making it endlessly about him as we, the people are suffering each and every day up the Dow, down about 1.21% as I'm recording this, and then Donald Trump posts this for now.


He says the tariffs against Mexico are going to be off. He's not mentioning anything about Canada, although he did reverse the auto tariffs yesterday against Canada. So all tariffs off against Mexico until though April 2nd, and then we do this whole thing over and over again, right? That's the definition of insanity. But then he attacks Prime Minister Trudell. I'll just read this for you briefly. He goes, after speaking with President Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico, I have agreed that Mexico will not be required to pay tariffs on anything that falls under the U-S-M-C-A agreement. This agreement is until April 2nd. So the U-S-M-C-A, the United States, Mexico Canada agreement, the deal that you made during your first administration, which basically covers all of the goods, you're saying that what?


That you made a horrible deal and now you're saying that that deal holds. But here's what he has to say about Prime Minister Trudeau in Canada, though again, he posted this this morning as well. He goes, believe it or not, despite the terrible job he's done for Canada, I think that Justin Trudeau is using the tariff problem, which he has largely caused in order to run again for Prime Minister. So much fun to watch. Exclamation point, there's so much to break down there. First off, so much fun to watch. Exclamation point, we're about 24 hours away tomorrow on Friday.


We expect there to be one of the most devastating job reports in recent history. Americans are suffering right now. We have the markets that are crashing each day, and then Donald Trump comes up with some other scam and then it rises a bit and then it crashes the next day. We have GDP contraction right now. The Atlanta Federal Reserve is saying that the GDP will go down in the first quarter somewhere near 3%, where if literally Donald Trump did nothing and just put former President Biden's policies on overdrive, we could have had three to 4% growth. And he's saying so much fun to watch.


Secondly, prime Minister Trudeau is not running for Prime Minister. Again, If you have the most basic research about what's going on in Canada right now, you would know that there's a race for who's going to lead the liberal party right now, and that there is going to be elections that are going to be held relatively soon. And then this malignant narcissism from him, an abuser personality by Donald Trump saying Trudeau caused the problems, the tariff problem. When Donald Trump arbitrarily and unilaterally put these tariffs on Canada and essentially declared war on our ally. And he's blaming Prime Minister Trudeau for defending his people.


It is a shameful day once again to be an American right now based on these despicable statements and despicable hey behavior of this authoritarian regime that is now running our country and has essentially completed a coup or is attempting a coup of our democratic institutions. It is absolutely despicable. And as they're crashing the economy right now, you see what's happening. You have like Larry Klaw who's on Fox Business and the revolving door of a Trump regime propagandists, who then become Fox hosts and Fox hosts who become somehow the freaking defense secretary of the United States doing a horrible job.


May I add, so then Larry k law's like things are crashing, but we know Trump had nothing to do with it. Here play this clip. Some Very, very smart people are telling me that the jobs number that's coming out, the February jobs number that's coming out Friday could be flat, even negative Brookie. The GDP now tracker from the Atlanta Fed is showing, I mean, for the first quarter, a minus two point half or minus 2.8%. And we've had lousy numbers on things like housing and business investment. My generic point here with respect to affordability and the economy is we're gonna have to suffer through some bad news. This is nothing to do with Trump.


Trump's program's not in you. So then they bring on their snake oil salesman, which one you may ask. They bring on Howard Lutnick and Howard Lutnick says, look, you know, stock market goes up, stock market goes down. That's not a big deal. You know that we here never use the stock market as an indicator of success, really, because that's all Donald Trump has ever talked about before. Here's Donald Trump's commerce Secretary, Howard Lutnick. Let's play it. This Secretary Lunik. Does the president want a rising stock market? Because we do have stock 6% off the highs. And confidence is being shaken here a little bit around business. I know you guys wanted lower interest rates and you're getting that, but kind of for the wrong reasons, because now there's worries about growth and potentially recession because of a trade war.


The president wants American growth and American prosperity, okay? And the fact that the stock market goes down a half a percent or a percent, it goes up a half a percent or percent. That is not the driving force of our outcome. And then previously Howard Lutnick would say, well, look, you know, for, we wanna solve our deficit. All we've gotta do, all we've gotta do is sell to the Russian oligarchs, five to 10 million Trump gold cards. And voila, everything is dealt with here. Play this Clinton Selling, you know, visas, the ability to have a green card to come to America. Imagine If you sold a million of them, you'd pay off our deficit.


And at 15 trillion to spare, Howard Lutnick is asked. So you're, you're focused on increasing robotics and increasing machinery, but how are you gonna deal with the loss of jobs? Here's what Lutnick said, let's play it. Alright? 'cause robots usually replace people. But you think that ultimately it's, it's gonna create jobs. This, Oh, I'm, I'm sure that you're gonna see that. That my department is gonna come out with a plan that has a guarantee. If you go into the training program, you will be guaranteed a job. Then we get more whining from Donald Trump. He posts massive trade deficit with the world, just announced compliments of sleepy Joe Biden.


I will change that. I think you're changing a lot right now for the worst. Donald Trump then posts the fake play the ref news in order to get a great divide between me and our great US Supreme Court. Heard me, this is what he posted last night. This was at at 8 0 6 West Coast time. So right before about 11:00 PM he was writing this. Heard me say last night, loudly and openly as I was walking past the justices on the podium, thank you to Chief Justice John Roberts. Like most people, I don't watch fake news, CNN or M-S-D-N-C, but I understand they are going crazy asking what it was that I was thanking Justice Roberts for.


He didn't just said thank you, you said, I won't forget, but let's listen to your lie. He goes on and says, they never called me to ask. Of course. But if they had, I would've told these sleazebag journalists. I would've told these sleaze bags that I thanked him for swearing me in on Inauguration Dam, would you never put your hand even on the Bible and you claim to be a religious person and doing really good job in doing so, the fake news never quits. Oh, that's what you meant when you told Chief Justice Roberts won't forget. Not that he was the author of the majority opinion in a case that gave you absolute immunity, which you are now using to turn America into an authoritarian regime.


I, I'll just play that clip of what happened at the joint session address. Play this clip. Howard, Thank you again. Thank you once again. So good. That's Good. Well, this is going on too. Donald Trump is emailing his supporters at 5:03 AM in the morning saying, I asked my team to flag your response. I need 3 million responses before midnight. Ben, I asked my team to flag your response. Did you vote for me in November? Please don't forget. Question number three, finish the MAGA poll, respond to Trump. I look forward to reading your response tonight. And then when you click on it, it asks for money and to give Donald Trump donations for his joint campaign committee, even though he's not running for anything.


And then here you have Howard Lutnick further attacking Canada and saying that even though the data shows that only 43 pounds of fentanyl were seized at the Canadian border, he goes, it's much more than that. Here, play this clip. According to US, customs and Border Protection agents only seized 43 pounds of fentanyl at the Canadian border last year. So is that a metric? Do we wanna see that go down to zero? How are you judging when they've done enough? Well, how funny is that, right? Like if, if, if I seize less, you know in my, does that mean like the stuff they haven't seized, hasn't gone through Other news to report? Donald Trump's administration is planning to revoke the temporary legal status for the 240,000 Ukrainians who fled the conflict with Russia, a senior Trump official and three sources familiar with the matter said, told Reuters, this means that the Ukrainians would be deported back to Ukraine.


And then Musk's Doge terminated the lease at the Obama Presidential library site. And we are also learning this morning that there's a draft of a Trump executive order that will abolish the entire Department of Education. The Secretary of Education, Linda McMahon, would be directed to take all necessary steps to facilitate the full closure of the Department of Education. That's all that's happening this morning. We will keep you posted with more here on the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.