
Wow. So day two of the Republican National Convention was a site to behold as unhinged as ever, here's a MAGA Republican governor from West Virginia, Jim Justice saying that if they don't win the election, they're gonna get even more unhinged. This is actually part of the speech that they're given here. Play this clip Bottom line to every single thing that's going on in this great country. Today is one thing. We become totally unhinged if Donald Trump is not elected in November.


And just so you see who's attending this event, here's one of the cult members, or I should say attendees wearing the Trump-like bandage thing on his ear. Just watch his explanation here. Here, play this clip. We're tracking all sorts of things among other things, the fashion of the delegates. And I want to point out the latest trend that we spotted. This is Joe Neglia from Tempe, Arizona. Tempe, Arizona. This is your first convention. Oh, well, the first one I attended, I was elected in 2022, but that one was canceled because of Covid. And I noticed what you're wearing on your right ear. This Is the newest fashion trend. I'm getting this going. Everybody in the world is gonna be wearing these pretty soon.


It's the latest thing. My wife calls me, I tells me I dress like an engineer, but I'm setting new fashion ground here. So, And you just made this in your hotel room today with an envelope or what? No, I folded it up on the way, on the bus, on the way here, Joe. Thank You for that. Then you had a reality star, Savannah Chrisley speaking and framing her family as a victim of a politicized prosecution at the RNC. As Greg Bluestein puts it. Her parents were convicted in 2022 on federal fraud and tax evasion charges. But she brings up Fulton County to get easy jeers from the crowd to try to link that we're all criminals now in the RNC, that's basically the speech here.


Play this clip. I'll never forget what the prosecutors said and the most heavily Democrat county in the state before an Obama appointed judge, he called us the Trumps of the South. Yeah. Hey, it's fun. He meant it as an insult. But let me tell you, boy, do I wear it as a badge of honor. Speaking of which, then you had Kevin McCarthy give an interview on the floor calling Matt Gaetz a peto, play this clip One who's not coming back. And then, and then the other part that you have, and the other part you have is one person who raised the issue. He's got an ethics complaint about paying, sleeping with a 17-year-old.


So that's the, they would go. So that's, that's the biggest challenge we have. Then you had Matt Gates yelling at Kevin McCarthy Speaking, what night are you speaking? Are you speaking tonight? Or, Hey, You're not. If you took that stage, you would get booed off of him. You would get booed off the stage. Then you had this other dude challenging Matt Gaetz to basically fight or telling Matt Gaetz to stand down and curse at him. Play this clip. You would get booed off the stage. Shut up an asshole. Dude, I don't even know too. It doesn't fucking matter.


But yep, folks, the theme is Unity. That's what the corporate media wants to tell it. This is all perfectly normal stuff that this is, this is Unity. Here is Magar republican senator from Florida to invoke the fifth hundreds of times and settled the largest Medicare fraud case in history when he was running the company. Yet another fraudster there. And here he's basically calling for a dictatorship and saying that we need Donald Trump in the White House every single day here play this clip. I've known Donald since before each of us ran for office, and it's an honor to be here to do everything I can to get him reelected back in the White House where he should belong every day going forward.


Now, here's MAGA Republican, Carrie Lake who lost in her race for governor and now she's running for senate in Arizona. He or she is attacking the media as the media fawns over Donald Trump and provides this propaganda platform. You're like, please attack us. We love to be called fake news. That's, it's so embarrassing. Like literally the first thing with Project 22 5, 20 25, the media, they're gonna shut down the media. Yet the media's like, Nope, we're gonna get our tax cuts. No, you're not. You're gonna get shut down. What do you think he's gonna, he said he is gonna shut you down. Here's what Carrie Lake has to say. Play this clip. Oh this, this is MAGA Energy tonight, guys love it.


Oh wow. This room America, I wish you were in this room with us. This is electric. Hello America. Welcome everybody who's watching at home and welcome everybody in this great arena tonight. We love you all. Actually, actually, wait a minute. I don't mean that. I don't welcome everybody in this meeting. You in this room. The guys up in the fake news, frankly. Ah, all right. Frankly, you guys up there in the fake news have worn out Your welcome, Right?


You've worn it out guys. You have spent the last eight years lying about President Donald Trump and his and his amazing patriotic supporters. Actually, guys, they lie about everything.


Growing up. Cereal's one of the best parts of being a kid, but as I got older, I had to watch out for sugar and empty carbs. Magic Spoon has the amazing flavors you love, but high protein and less sugar, like with the variety. Pack four flavors are cocoa, fruity, frosted, and peanut butter. This pack has zero grams of sugar, 13 to 14 grams of protein, and four to five grams of net carbs. Only 140 calories a serving. It's high protein has zero grams of sugar. It's keto friendly, gluten-free grain-free, and soy-free. I'm a sucker for the cocoa cereal personally. And when I have my Magic Spoon, I always know it's gonna be high quality, fresh, crunchy, and you gotta love that chocolate milk the cereal makes. When you're done with your bowl. Go to Magic Spoon dot com slash midas to grab a variety pack and try it today. Be sure to use our promo code Midas at checkout to save five dollars off your order. And Magic Spoon is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 100% happiness guarantee. So if you don't like it for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember, start your day off right with a delicious bowl of high protein cereal at Magic Spoon dot com slash midas and use the code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to save $5 off. Thank you Magic Spoon for sponsoring this episode.


And By, the way, as I was watching this, I have so many friends overseas and I'm getting messages like this, what is the rn? This is what I've gotten like dozens of messages over and over again like this. What's the RNC? I refuse to believe this is the reality of our world, and it's not the fact that there are a few psychos that believe what they are saying, but there are actually millions of Americans who support this stuff. I, I can't, this can't be real. This is for sure a dream. Like I've gotten so many comments like that. Look, no, there's 30 to 35% of America is that, and now there's 65% of America that's pro-democracy, but a lot of the 65% they're feeling down, they're attacking each other.


It's like, what are you doing stand up for, for your rights and stand up for your democracy. Quit whining and let's support our democracy. Let's go. Just like all of you who watch this, you're the mightest mighty. You stand proud and save our democracy and fight for our democracy every day. And it's like, like what we're all looking at, like what some of these people are doing and what the corporate media is doing. We're like, what in the world is going on there? Where here is MAGA Mike Johnson as he's giving his speech and he helps lead a, a chant of fight, fight, fight here, play this clip As President Trump raised his fist and gave a rally cry on Saturday. Now is our time to fight and We will.


And here's Magar publican, Senator Marco Rubio, who's there also as the chant of fight, fight, fight breaks out. Then you had an individual maga republican running for Senator of Montana, Tim Sheehy, who makes a joke about pronouns. 'cause that's, that's they find funny in, in the MAGA Republican crew play this clip.


Hey, everybody, my name is Tim Sheehy. Those are also my pronouns. I've been a, he she for 38 years, and I can promise you going into elementary school with that name in the eighties was not fun. You then have maga Republican Congressman Steve Scalise talk about the great replacement theory, xenophobic racist tropes. Here play this clip On voting our most sacred right as citizens voting, Biden and Harris want illegals to vote now that they've opened up the border, Republicans will repa the save act to block illegal aliens from voting and our elections.


And then you have Nikki Haley in a crass, callous political calculation just removing any semblance of dignity. And she gave a speech endorsing Donald Trump after Donald Trump mocked her, called her horrific names, misogynistic stuff. But you know, for these MAGA Republicans, it's all about power. It's all about control, and it's all about power. And watch as she gives Donald Trump her endorsement on stage, just wa just even watch Donald, that the whole thing is so bizarre. Play this clip.


I'll start by making one thing perfectly clear. Donald Trump has my strong endorsement period. I know a lot of Nikki Haley's supporters are feeling very betrayed right now. Look, they don't wanna support someone who is found liable of sexual assault.


Who's on Epstein's List? Who says Jeffrey Epstein is a great guy who likes women on the younger side who's on videotape bragging as Donald Trump is about inspecting naked girls without their consent at his beauty pageants, or about his fantasizing about having sex with women who suffer mental illness 'cause he claims that makes them better in bed or, or bragging about sexually assaulting women on camera. You know, the, the, that's he's a real, this is a real disgusting human being. And the fact that this whole thing, this whole farce of an RNC with felons and fake electors and like it's literally a gathering of criminals.


And the fact that the corporate media is normalizing this event, fraudsters, con artists, crooks, criminals, sexual assaulters, and acting like this is normal. It's important that we call out what's taking place here, and we will every single day on the Midas Touch Network. Here's Rudy Giuliani falling over himself as he was walking to the stage.


Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.