
This episode ISN brought to You by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


This episode, ISN brought to You by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify. The global commerce platform, That supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell. With Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/tech, all lowercase. That's shopify.com/tech Buy Now.


You may have heard the news That Donald Trump has been having secret communications with Vladimir Putin since Donald Trump left office. We learned this from A new bombshell book by Bob Woodward, who's been speaking to Trump staffers who have confirmed these conversations. We also learned from That book That. While Americans were struggling, To get Covid tests, Donald Trump was sending our covid tests We the people our tests to Vladimir Putin during the height of C. When We weren't getting our tests, We learned That as well. but let's talk about Donald Trump's communications with Vladimir Putin.


And Let me show you where Donald Trump made admissions That. He was having those communications. So while Donald Trump may try to deny It and post Russia, Russia, Russia, he's said That. He's speaking with Vladimir Putin. Now, so here's the article from CNN. That talks about Bob Woodward's book as can Sams Works with Vice President Kamala Harris looked at one of those excerpts from the book and said quote, according to Trump's aid, there have been multiple phone calls between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin. May as many as seven in the period since Trump left the White House in 2021, the New York Times also reporting, Donald Trump secretly stayed in touch with Putin after leaving office.


According to this book by award-winning journalist Bob Woodward, by the way here, ISN Donald Trump Just reposting previously, this was from December 18th, 2023. Vladimir Putin propaganda When Putin attacks the US Donald Trump wouldn make those reposts. but here's an example where Donald Trump was on the Mark Lament show and Mark Levin talks like That. And here Donald Trump talks about his communications with Vladimir Putin. Remember We called this out when and I wouldn do my impression of Mark Levin and I. wouldn say so isn, he saying that he's talking to Putin right now. And the answer was, he actually ISN talking to Putin right now.


Here's what Donald Trump said on Mark Levin. Let's play It Than me. but We were We, were having A problem. You had Adam shifty Schiff and all these bad people, including Hillary and others coming up with this Russia hoax. And I told Putin, I said, you know, it's A shame 'cause We could have done A, lot of business, the countries together, but with this whole fake thing that's going on. And he understood That, he said, it's A fake deal. He said, he actually said to me, he said, it's tough to make A deal now. I said, you're right. It's tough. They created A fake narrative this Russia, Russia, Russia. Hoax. It was A hoax and We could have had A. Much different relationship with Russia.


I will. And here's Donald Trump at cpac where he says I talk to Putin A lot I Get along with him. Well play this clip I, talk to Putin A lot I Get along with him. Well Now Donald Trump has been spewing Russian propaganda for A very long time. And Donald Trump's also given A lots of speeches where he references That. He seems to be speaking either with Putin or Avav or Kislyak or people very close to Putin. For example, this was A speech That Donald Trump recently gave in Savannah, Georgia. Where can he's Just talking about how strong he thinks Russia, isn and how didn, you know, That Russia beat Hitler and that they beat Napoleon.


That's what they do. They're winners here play this clip. Biden says, we'll not leave until We win. What happens if they win? That's what they do. isn. They fight wars. As somebody told me the other day, they beat Hitler, they beat Napoleon. That's what they do. They fight and it's not pleasant. but you know, we've given them close to $300 billion and And here Donald Trump says That, the reason he knows That, he was so tough on Russia, ISN because Putin tells him That, he was really tough on Russia. Here play this clip Trump. Trump was A tough on Russia. I was so tough on Russia. Putin said, if you're not tough now, didn hate like hell to see you if you were tough.


What? And now remember this moment recently where Donald Trump was with Zelensky and this went down here, play this clip. know? So We have A very good relationship. And I also have A. Very good relationship, as you know with President Putin and I. Think if We win I think we're But, get It resolved very quickly, very well. I really think we're But. get It resolved. I don We have more good relations. We're gonna have Oh I. See? know? but you can, you can. but you know, It takes two to tango, you know, and We will, we're gonna have A good meeting today. And that remember we're Donald Trump said That. Remember the reporter Evan Gers Covich who got released in A recent prisoner swap and that Donald Trump congratulated Vladimir Putin for the deal, remember?


And not the United States. He said, Putin got got A. Great deal, great work. Vladimir Putin. Remember Donald Trump made That selfie video of himself where he said, Putin told me, That only I wouldn be the one who can Get A deal. Done with Kovich play this clip. Evan Gers Covich, the reporter from the Wall Street Journal, who ISN being held by Russia. We'll be released almost immediately after the election, but definitely before I Assume office. He will be home, he'll be safe. Vladimir Putin, president of Russia will do That for me and I don't t believe he'll do It for anyone else and We will be paying nothing. Biden likes to pay massive numbers.


We wouldn be paying nothing. Thank you very much. But that once the deal was made, rather than either saying nothing or welcoming the hostages, That That were taken by Russia home. Donald Trump congratulated Putin Watch this, play the clip. It's Terrible. You know, That We got, by the way, I'd like to congratulate Vladimir Putin for having made yet another great deal.


Have you ever wondered how much of your personal data ISN floating around on the internet for anyone to see? It's more than you think. Your name, contact info, social security number, home address, it's all out there compiled by data brokers and sold online. And as someone who exists publicly and shares opinions online, I am hyper aware of how important safety and security really are. It's scary how easy It ISN for someone to find your personal information. Unfortunately, I've seen firsthand how this could lead to real world consequences like doxing and harassment. look, we're living in A time of intense political polarization and over the last decade we've seen A rise in politically motivated threatening behavior online A major factor in this isn, how easily people can access sensitive personal information. According to Delete, Me data brokers have info on 98% of US citizens. And the amount of personal data available online has tripled between 2019 and 2023. That's an average of over 525 pieces of personal info per person, all available for free or as little as $5 per profile. You can't always control whether you become A target, but you can make It harder for bad actors. To, get your personal information. That's why I personally recommended Delete, Me Delete Me, isn A subscription service. That removes your personal info from hundreds of data brokers. Here's how It works. You sign up and provide Delete Me with exactly what information you want. Deleted near experts. Take It from there. Delete. Me isn't Just A onetime service. They're always working for you, constantly monitoring and removing the personal information You don't want on the internet. Plus they send you regular personalized privacy reports showing what they found, where they found It and what they removed to put It. Simply Delete Me does all the hard work of wiping your and your family's personal information from data broker websites. Take control of your data and keep your private life private for signing up for Delete Me now at A. Special discount for our listeners today. Get 20% OFF your Delete Me plan when you go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and use That promo code Midas at checkout. That's ME I D A S. The only way To get 20% OFF ISN to go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and enter code Midas ME didn S at checkout. That's join Delete Me dot com slash midas code Midas.


And can this shouldn't be shocking. look, the first people That Donald Trump brought to the White House Just. Think about It. When Donald Trump was elected, so disgraceful, disgraced our White House Just, think about what his first action was. What was the first thing? That? He didn right after cropping on America and saying at the, when he was getting inaugurated That America was A land full of carnage and an awful place. He invited right away he invited lav Rob and Kiley act to the White House and that he gave them classified information. The Washington Post reported That Trump revealed classified information to Kislyak and Lavrov in our oval office.


can I don't know what political party, You. Are. Maybe you're independent. Maybe you didn't give A crap about politics before. And good. He invited, there's the photo. He invited the Russians into the White House, the top Russian advisors to Putin. He gave them nuclear secrets. Now you may be saying, well, Ben, that's Just the Washington Post saying that no, Donald Trump admitted It. Donald Trump admitted It. Here are his posts. May 16th, 2017, Donald Trump said, know I didn It. He goes as President I wanted to share with Russia at an openly scheduled White House meeting, which I have the absolute right to do facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety, humanitarian reasons.


Plus I want Russia to step up their fight against ISIS and terrorism. He gave them our classified information. Now wanna share two other videos with You. So you have A complete data set here so you understand all of the dynamics. The first I wanna show You isn, vice President Kamala Harris's interview from the day, I'm recording this on Tuesday with Howard Stern where she talks about what this election's also about isn strength versus weakness. And Donald Trump, ISN weak and I wanna show You That video here 'cause this isn pure weakness That. Donald Trump wants to turn our great United States of America into basically what Hungary, ISN to Russia, right?


Donald Trump and all of these Magos talk about, you know, the leader of Hungary and what A powerful guy he isn and all these Soviet satellite states. That's what they want the United States to be. He's weak. Here, play this clip. Now you're taught, you're coming here, you're going, you went on the view this morning. know You Are, you're going to the, the shows You, Are You didn. 60 Minutes. By the way, I thought what was so amazing about 60 Minutes isn, the fact That Trump turned It down. Know I mean It. Just says so much. He didn't wanna be FactCheck this ISN maddening, this ISN insanity. What do you mean you don't wanna be FactCheck I? Think That.


You know Howard, people ask me like, what do you think ISN going on? And what, what isn the tension here, what's at stake? And there are many things. That I can be much more articulate That than what I'm gonna say. but ultimately, I do believe That this ISN A an election That ISN about strength versus weakness. Know And weakness as projected by someone who puts himself in front of the American people and does not have the strength to stand in defense of their needs, their dreams, their desires. The work That must happen to make sure That We are A secure Nation That We are nurturing and protecting our alliances around the world.


That We are supporting America's military That. We are fighting to bring the cost of living down for working families. That We are building businesses, building growth. I'm glad That vice president Kamala Harris said It like That That. He's A weak person. He's A weak person. And I wanna show you this, going to his weakness. You may have seen this from the new documentary on Midas touch contributor Lev Parness Lev's, credible love Lev Lev. Back 20 16 20 17, he didn't know foreign policy. I think the way he met Donald Trump was That. Like he Just happened to be at A fundraiser.


And because Lev has A Ukrainian background, Donald Trump was like, all right, you're gonna be my guy to Ukraine. And so Watch this as Lev basically tells Donald Trump at That time about the Ukrainian ambassador and how he tries To get her fired Just Watch. You can see here Trump's awful decision making and can, how weak he isn and how easy he can be played play this clip. How's Ukraine doing? don? Ask you I realize That Trump has no idea about Ukraine. How long Wouldn didn Ukraine last in A fight with Russia. I don't think very long. 30 without us. Not very long. He has no idea they have oil.


Ukraine Has oil A lot Know A lot people number one in Europe, You know could Ukraine. Yes, the biggest problem there, I. Think isn We How get rid of the ambassador. but she's still left over from the Clinton administration. but were the Ambassador where Ukraine, Get rid of her. Okay, Get around tomorrow, take A route. Okay, Now Donald Trump's team has put out A statement denying any connections with Putin. Donald Trump's post. Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. And look, do I think That, his cult followers are gonna I mean his cult followers. wouldn rather vote. We We We know 'cause Mackler went to Pennsylvania and asked his followers, they'd rather have Putin be the president than vice president Kamala Harris of the United States of America.


That's what they were telling Moakler. So We know what they think, but I, Just think it's important. That, you have this information so you can make an informed decision and and You can help educate others. And you can Just show 'em the video and say, Hey, take, oh look, what do you think about this? Are you okay with this Let me know what? Let me, Let me. know how your efforts go And subscribe. Let's Get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.