
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Imagine you're a business owner relying on a dozen different software programs. Each one disconnected, more expensive and more complicated than last. It can be incredibly stressful right now, picture odu ODU brings all the tools your business needs into one simple platform. CRM, accounting, inventory, manufacturing, marketing, HR and more. All seamlessly connected. Everything works together, giving you the peace of mind that your business is running smoothly from every angle. Odus open source applications are user friendly and designed to scale with your business. Save you time and money. Say goodbye to juggling multiple platforms and hello to efficient integrated management. Stop wasting resources on complicated systems and make the switch to DU today. Visit du.com OD o.com and discover how ODU can simplify and streamline your business operations. ODU Modern Management made simple


A disaster on the White House law. Donald Trump just had one of the most humiliating press conferences I've seen. I guess the purpose of this press conference, Donald Trump is putting gigantic flag poles on the north and south lawn of the White House. So he put a bunch of construction workers as props behind him and then he turns around to the construction workers and he says, are any of you illegal? Any illegal immigrants here? Watch this, play this clip. What They gave to us, fellas, they gave for, do we have anybody in here that's a member of the, no, I don't think you've known all these people for a long time. Any illegal immigrants in here there?


If they were, they'll find out, right? They'll be checking you. You won't believe your whole life will be destroyed because of this press conference. Well, they'll destroy these people. I didn't want to tell them that before they stood out, but they'll end up being, he's a so and so. This one is from you know where Don't worry. I think you, I think you're gonna be okay. Yes sir. I'll, I'll be right behind you. Thanks far behind you. I'll be right behind You. So he then starts taking questions. A CNN reporter asks him about how his war mongering in the Middle East could be unpopular. And then he starts attacking the CNN Reporter Here, play this clip. No, I Document either Supporters are split on the US response to Who you with Cnn?


No. There there's a split. Fake news. Fortunately nobody watches, but my cousin. Is anybody watching CNN nowadays? I haven't seen it in a long time. So some of your supporters are wary of the US getting involved in another foreign wall. I haven't seen them and And some believe that we should Support. Do you ever ask a positive question at cnn? My supporters are more in love with me today and I'm in love with them more than they were even at election time where We then Donald Trump starts attacking the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell. He calls him a stupid person. I want you to watch the person all the way on the right. The construction worker who's like, what the hell is this guy even saying here, play this clip.


Gary. You know what it is, but I shouldn't use it in front of the fake news. So it's very sad to see it. And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go very short term like six months, seven month, eight months, wait till this guy gets out, get the rates way down and then go long term because we have a tremendous appetite for our debt because our country's doing well. But think of it, I got a call from Congress three nights ago, sir, we can't account for the money coming in. I said, that's a good problem. You know the bad problem is we don't have it. Next. Donald Trump starts ranting about how his approval rating has never been higher. It's the lowest it's ever really been and it's the lowest in presidential history at this time.


During a term, Donald Trump is loath, despised and hated for his vile behavior. But here he just goes lying, ranting and raving like a lunatic. Play this clip. I think What she might be alluding to is the base is gonna stay with you regardless. And you've gone through different, they all regardless. But some of the people in the base don't want a long term war. They're afraid that we're gonna get into a long Term, which we're a for long term we're looking, it's only, I only want one thing. Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. That's it. I'm not looking long term tructure. And I've been saying that for 20 years. I've been saying it as a civilian who got a lot of publicity. People would cover it very simply. Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon.


That's it. It's not a question of anything else. And if you did, you wouldn't have much of a country because they would use it on us and would use it on other people and they'd be a terror all over the world. So I may have some people that are a little bit unhappy now, but I have some people that are very happy and I have people outside of the base that can't believe that this is happening. They're so happy. Yeah, and there was a poll that just came out today that my approval rating's the highest it's ever been. All I'm doing is saying you can't have a nuclear weapon. And I tried to do it nicely and then on day 61 I said, let's go. 'cause we can't let that happen. And I've been saying it for 20 years. Okay, I'm gonna leave. Thank you very much. I appreciate your time.


Thank you sir. Then Donald Trump says that he tells Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel, just keep on going, keep on doing what you're doing. Play the clip as You probably, but this looks better. Mr. President, can you share some of what you've told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu? Yes sir. Keep going. What do I say? I speak to him every day. He's a good man doing a lot. Been very unfairly treated by his country, I think very unfairly treated. Have you given him any indication that you may seek to aid them more than you have already? No, I haven't. So far he is done a good job. He has been treated very unfairly here he is a wartime president and he's going through this nonsense.


It's ridiculous. Sounds like you got a good meeting. Agree with him that, Yeah, pretty countable. Very good meeting anything that came up. Donald Trump whines about a 60 minutes interview that former vice president Kamala Harris gave to 60 minutes in early October of 2024. This is part of that lawsuit that Donald Trump personally filed for $20 billion against CBS and its parent company. Paramount. Donald Trump is holding up the merger between Paramount and another company called Skydance. Until Paramount personally pays Donald Trump tens of millions of dollars.


Reportedly they've already offered him $15 million, but Donald Trump wants more money from them. In my opinion. It's an absolutely frivolous lawsuit. Donald Trump saying it's caused him emotional distress and suffering because there were different versions of the interview that was aired by the way I watched the interview. There's really nothing that was materially edited at all. Like this is all made up. But anyway, here's Donald Trump whining about that on June 18th, 2025. Play this clip. So what They did is they interviewed 60 minutes, they interviewed Kamala. Her answer was horrendous. I would say election threatening. This is the day before the election. Her answer was election threatening was so incompetent.


So they took the entire answer out and they took another answer to another question and put it in. And they did that. I understand a number of times, but you don't have to do it a number of times. The main question they asked and we caught 'em and they're very embarrassed by it and they're working on a settlement. But think of it. Did you ever hear that one before? They took the entire every word. Threw it out, put another answer. Didn't I think they do that for me. I think it happens daily. Well, I've never seen it. I've, I thought I was seen everything that I've never seen it. It's very embarrassing. And the head of 16 minutes got fired. The head of CBS got fired.


They're all getting fired on. Do you think the deal, see what they're doing here.


What are you doing This season? I'm using Beekeepers Naturals products daily to proactively support my immune system. Especially as we enter peak travel and busy season through spring and summer. There's nothing worse than getting sick right before a big trip. Beekeeper's naturals, nasal spray and nasal spray max helps clear my congestion. It soothes and moisturizes the nasal passages so I can breathe deeply and easily. Beekeeper's natural sinus support supports healthy histamine levels and promotes reduced sinus irritation and provides immune support. Now both products contain propolis that reduces the histamine response that Compass irritation for eyes, nose, and throat. Propolis is their hero ingredient. The medicine of the beehive that delivers antioxidants, vitamin C, iron B vitamins, and uniquely beneficial compounds that support immune health. Not only are these products effective, I love Beekeepers Naturals mission of Reinventing the Medicine cabinet. Merging modern science with natural medicine to create clean non-toxic products that actually work. Today. Beekeepers Naturals is offering Midas touch listeners an exclusive offer. Go to beekeepers naturals.com/ Midas Plus or enter code Midas Plus to get 20% off your order. That's B-E-E-K-E-E-P-E-R-S-N-A-T-U-R-A-L s.com/ Midas Plus or enter code Midas Plus.


Then Donald Trump says that he's like made up the this deadline for Iran and he said on day 61, I said, let's go. Let's bomb him. When in fact we know that the opposite is true. Then Netanyahu basically did it. While Donald Trump was saying, we have negotiations scheduled for Sunday. And Donald Trump's Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard had said publicly under oath that Iran did not have nuclear capabilities. But then when Donald Trump watched on Fox the decapitation strikes by Israel against the Iranian military generals that wiped out a lot of the generals, Trump wanted to take credit for it. So Trump said, I did it here, play this clip.


All I'm doing is saying you can't have a nuclear weapon. And I tried to do it nicely. And then on day 61 I said, let's go. 'cause we can't let that happen. And I've been saying it for 20 years. Donald Trump then lies and says that gas is as low as a dollar 98 a gallon, which we all know is false. Play this clip in California. You know I've got, we've got some gas stations where just two weeks ago it was a dollar 98, a dollar 99. We've got the gas down below. Now we have this little situation which will drive it up a little bit, but very little and it's gonna come down again. Gonna give people a lot of extra money. Groceries are down, eggs are down. You know the eggs, right? They hit me the first week about eggs.


But Next Donald Trump says that he is going to be withholding important federal government aid from California because he doesn't like Governor Gavin Newsom of California. Let's play it over the Budget. You would be fired, right? If you went one time. If you want a half a time over the break, let's see what they're doing. They're unwrapping the sand. Let's all pure sand along those lines. And if it weren't pure sand, it would eat away under the metal. Mr. P looked at rail funding in California. Nuclear Recent dust Ups with Governor Newsom impact additional wild wildfire relief out there. They've requested 40 billion. Sure man, the man's incompetent. You shouldn't have fires like that.


You clean the floor of your forest and you won't have any forest. Forest. You know, Austria has very, very flammable trees. They don't have forest forests 'cause they clean the floors, they maintain their forest good. In fact, you know, hatred is never a good thing in politics. When you don't like somebody, don't respect somebody, it's harder for that person to get money if you're on top. But he's done a bad job. How Will you, Donald Trump says the difference between his first term and his second term is that in his first term, he was being hunted. And now that he's the hunter hunting people. So what Trump's saying at his press conference today about flagpoles mind you play this clip.


Long time. The, the first time I had it, but you know, you guys were after me. I said I had a focus. I was, I was the hunter and now I'm the hunter. It's a big difference. Big deal. But he was the same no matter what. Yeah, it is surprising that Donald Trump is asked about an ultimatum he gave Iran and he said, I gave him the ultimate ultimatum play. The clip, the Iranian ultimatum. You could say. So they know. They know what's happening. Maybe you could call it the ultimate, the ultimate ultimatum.


Right? What essentially was that though? Oh, I don't want to say it. Look, I mean, gimme advice. What about the paramount deal? I would say the, the elder. She's doing great. Then Trump says he spoke to Putin yesterday who offered to mediate the dispute between Israel and Iran? Let's play it. You know, Russia, Ukraine is so stupid. Would've never happened if I was president. You guys agree with that? Right? Would've never happened if I was President Putin would've never done it. And I spoke to him yesterday and I said, you know, he actually offered to help mediate. I said, do me a favor, mediate your own. Let's mediate Russia first. Okay? I said, Vladimir, let's mediate Russia first.


You can worry about this later, but I think that's gonna work out too. But it's, so many people have been killed. The big thing with that one is far more people are dead than have been reported in the Ukraine. Russia, many, many more people, a building falls down. They say nobody was hurt. You know, so ridiculous. Donald Trump talks about winning 35 club championships and he's upset that he hasn't hit a golf ball in three weeks to four weeks. Let's play it. When You, when you find time in your Schedule 35 club championships, you all know that. I know that 35 club championships, I haven't hit a ball in three weeks, four weeks time to get out there.


It's time to get a little busy. Would you rather have me be doing what I'm doing? I think of course, in the end, see, the way they have that hoisted, it's great. 'cause if you lift it up from one, you have to lift it from the bottom, but you have to get it there. But if you lifted it from without that, the whole thing would split. And then Donald Trump says that what they're doing with the flagpole is called a lifting. And he says he doesn't want to use the word with an e erection, but he is calling it a lifting. 'cause if he says erection, then he will get made fun of by the media. Play the clip. Type a good, they call it a lifting.


They also use another word, but I'm not gonna use that word. You know what that is the word. It starts with an E. You know what the word is? If I ever used it, I'd be run outta town by you people. All right? So enjoy it, Doug. You're gonna get some good, he's gonna win another Nobel Prize, I think, for this picture. So maybe the flag will be even more exciting, but this is pretty exciting. That's some equipment. I'll tell you what, look at that train. That's some beautiful Donald Trump has turned the United States into the laughing stock of the world. How humiliating is what I just showed you. I don't, I don't care what political party you're from, what I just showed you is both horrifying and humiliating and absolutely disgraceful.


Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. We're right there at 5 million subscribers. Shout out to SnapStream. SnapStream is the device that we use to help clip a lot of what's going on at these various press conferences. If you wanna know more about SnapStream and you wanna reach out to them and and see how their services work, the description, it's in the, the link is in the description below. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.