
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm Ready for my life to Change a, b, C tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck. Hung up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


For a limited time, you can get KFC chicken with the sweet heat of hot honey. And after one bite you'll wonder how do bees make hot honey? So hot. Are they special bees? Does KFC have dragon bees fire breathing dragon bees that create spicy honey? No silly, there's no such thing. KFC just partnered with Mike's hot honey to drizzle all over their crispy chicken. But Dragon Bees would be so cool. Try it now for only $7 or share a box with friends for 25 prices and participation very while supplies last. Taxes, tips and fees extra.


No keys. No keys. No keys. No keys, no keys. As Americans protest, Donald Trump hides in Mar-a-Lago as he crashes the economy and takes away the American dream from we the people that protest I just showed you at the top of this video that was in Indiana, but protests are taking place across the United States. Also, you have Bernie Sanders crossing the United States going into red and purple districts and Wisconsin and Michigan, and speaking to workers in front of massive crowds. He was in Kenosha and then he was in Michigan the following day.


Gave some great speeches. I want to show you what Donald Trump's been doing though here Donald Trump is with his rapid response account saying Keep fighting. Keep fighting. Exclamation point. And then one of the other kind of Trump rightwing accounts goes, Trump never stops working for the American people, literally as he's going to play golf over this weekend and vacation once again on taxpayer dollars as the patriot counts, the Patriot takes accounts. Said he's literally on his way to the golf course in that video, another weekend vacation for Donald Trump as he destroys American's alliances abroad as he has stripped Ukraine, not just of military aid, but he's also taken away the military intelligence and surveillance that America was providing to Ukraine.


Making Ukraine more susceptible to Russian missile strikes and Russian drone swarms, but Ukraine's doing as best they can to defend themselves courageously. And here's what Donald Trump's posting as well. Elon and Marco have a great relationship. Any statement other than that is fake news. DJT. As Donald Trump is tanking, our markets tanking our economy as the Atlanta Federal Reserve now predicts a negative 2.8% GDP contraction in the first quarter of this year. When they previously predicted if Donald Trump did nothing and just put Biden's economy in overdrive, it would've been about three to 4% GDP growth.


This is the type of things that Donald Trump is posting. Elon Musk and Marco Rubio have a great relationship and he's saying that in response to this story that broke in New York Times and elsewhere, that the cabinet is like pissed at Elon and Elon's pissed at the cabinet. Look, I don't really care who's pissed at who. What I care about is that they are gutting the federal government. They are treating people so horribly and cruelly. They are taking people away from critical positions. They are leading to an economic recession and potentially a depression. They're treating our veterans horribly. And then you have Donald Trump posting this this weekend while he's vacationing and golfing. This is a real post.


Donald Trump reposts the following shut up about egg prices. Trump is saving consumers millions. So just shut up this really Donald Trump's message on social media that people need to stop talking about egg prices and just shut up. As Donald Trump was posting that Russian state regime Media was posting this us. This is from Russian propaganda media. Rt US rejects Canadian plan for task force to target Russia's shadow fleet of oil tankers bypassing sanctions. That was an article from Bloomberg that RT is happily reposting that the United States is screwing over our allies like Canada.


And then here's another post from rt. The Russian State TV draft G seven statement leaks shows that the US wants any reference to sanctions against Russia, gun, Russia's ability to maintain war, to be swapped with earn revenue. And so quite literally, Donald Trump is now acting as an agent, a promoter of Russia, and he is making the US part of an access of evil, which Americans don't want to be a part of, except for the hardcore MAGA aligning the United States with Russia, North Korea and Belarus.


As Jay and Kiev writes, Trump expands his war against Ukraine, remotely cutting off vital electronic interference equipment on Ukraine's F sixteens. Trump is merely Putin's. You know what? And then Jay writes, US President Donald Trump's team has ordered the termination of vital support for F 16 fighter jet jamming equipment that Ukraine has. What is important to understand is that this could deprive the Ukrainian air force of its most important air countermeasures. So that's what Donald Trump's doing from vacation. He's tanking the economy from vacation. Once again.


He's spending what tens of millions of our taxpayer dollars so he can frolic in Mar-a-Lago with billionaire oligarch crypto bros or whatever. Oh, and then you have Elon Musk no longer following Secretary of Transportation, Sean Duffy as part of that New York Times report. And some of the reports we've seen elsewhere. Marco Rubio and Elon Musk got into a fight at the last cabinet meeting and so did Secretary of Transportation, Sean Duffy. Now Sean Duffy got famous off of the Real World Road rules reality TV show challenge. And like the 1990s or early two thousands, whatever that was, Sean Duffy's now the Secretary of Transportation and he's saying, look, Elon, you're firing all of our FAA workers and now there's plane crashes happening all the time and you're making me look like an idiot.


And then Elon said, I don't care. I'm unfollowing unfollowing you on Twitter. And that's basically what went down here. Jay writes again, Trump's peace plan is just to help Putin genocide, Ukraine. Christopher Stale writes, Trump's claims to be a peacemaker are reasonable. His decision to end intelligent sharing in Kyiv has clearly encouraged and enabled Putin to increase his missile and drone onslaught on non-military targets. Over the past 48, 72 hours, we've seen an uptick in the Russian non-military missile strikes. And many believe in fact that not only is now the Trump regime stopping any sharing of surveillance with Ukraine, but that the Trump regime may be sharing intelligence with Russia about where to attack in Ukraine.


And it's why people in Europe and Canada and elsewhere just view the United States basically as not even a member of NATO anymore. And like the US is just totally isolated on an island on itself as a result of what the Trump regime has done. Let me share with you the following, because you had JD Vance make a post where he was complaining that he was basically like accosted and like treated horribly when he was with his three-year-old walking around the Cincinnati area. And he was whining how bad he was treated and how unfair it is to be him. And he talks about in this post also how he was walking his three-year-old, just an odd way to phrase it.


You were walk like these. MAGA used their like kids as human shields. So he was walking with his three-year-old in Cincinnati. People approached him and then he was acting like, oh, this was such a horrible thing. And when the people approached him, they were like, why are you selling out Ukraine? I want you to watch this interaction. Let's play it. We're forcing both the Russians and Ukrainians, right? Ball settled. Exactly. They they certainly invaded Ukraine 2022. 2022. What their needs, what their needs me up, ma'am. They're the aggressor every time, ma'am, I understand that. That's your view. And certainly they asked No, they're, that's bizarre. The facts and and certainly how many other s countries I have condemned.


Ma'am, please, you interrupting, I'm speaking with you and I'm trying to be respectful. I have condemned the invasion, but I've also condemned the potential that is the policy also. And I've talked to you guys now. And by the way, while we're on the topic of JD Vance, and while I shared with you before Donald Trump's post, while vacationing saying that we all need to shut up about egg prices, this is all they talked about during the campaign, right? The whole campaign. They were saying, you know, look, eggs are gonna cost you around $4 thanks to Kamala Harris. $4, everybody, well now eggs, $12, $15.


They don't exist at all. If you, you have Trump's agriculture secretary saying, we need to buy chickens and if we can act live chickens so that they can make the eggs, I'm not making that up. I've, I've showed you that clip on so many videos, I'm not gonna show it here, but just to remind you, during the campaign, here's what JD Van said, they made eggs like the main part of the campaign here, play this clip Eggs. When Kamala Harris took office, were short of a dollar 50 a dozen. Now a dozen eggs will cost you around $4 thanks to Kamala Harris' inflationary policies, Pennsylvania actually has seen some of the worst grocery price increases of the entire nation. And again, it's because she cast the deciding what vote on the inflation explosion act.


I think we want Pennsylvanians to be able to afford groceries. We want our young families to be able to buy food at a reasonable price at the grocery store. And the only way to do that is to get back to common sense economic policies and fire Kamala Harris. This is a person who's presided over a thousand dollars increase in monthly expenses just to afford the same life you could have afforded three and a half years ago. It costs you over a thousand dollars a month. Here in Pennsylvania, we can do so much better. We certainly will. And as the father of a couple of kids who eat a whole lot, we certainly need to do better for the next generation. God bless you Guys. Also, while Donald Trump is vacationing, we're getting headlines. Oh, he's posting this. Then I'll show you the headlines.


Well, I'll show you the headline first. The Wall Street Journal rights. Donald Trump's tariff war risks sinking the world into New Great Depression. International Chamber of Commerce warns the world economy could face a crash similar to the Great Depression of the 1930s. And again, the International Chamber of Commerce is a right-leaning business group. Donald Trump posts that the House and the Senate have put together under the circumstances a very good funding bill. A cr it's a continuing resolution. All Republicans should vote. Please, please, yes, next week, great things are coming for America. And I'm asking you just give us a few months to get us through to September so we can continue to put the country's financial house in order.


Democrats will do anything they can to shut down our government. And we can't let that happen. We have to remain united. Also, we're not talking about a few months, right? We're in March. So April, may, June, July, August, September. So what are we talking about? Like se seven, seven to eight months or so for this continuing resolution and do your job. I mean, like the Republicans can't pass a budget. Just so you're clear when I'm talking about a continuing resolution, they're continuing the government funding based on the last budget, which was Nancy Pelosi's budget before the Republicans took control in 2022. 2023. The Republicans have been in power since then, but republicans have not passed an actual budget.


So they keep on doing continuing resolutions 'cause they need to fund the government using basically Nancy Pelosi's budget as a template. And then they all whine and say, oh, there's so much fraud. There's all of these things. And it really isn't any of that. Like, if, if y'all wanna change priorities, If you think that there's, you know, all this misconduct and fraud, then pass your own budget. Do your damn freaking job. But no, this is what they're talking about right now. As I started this video showing you the protest I showed you one in Indiana, you know, you saw in all 50 states yesterday, someone gave, you know, someone reached out to me here from St. Paul, Minnesota protest happening now in St. Paul, Minnesota.


This is what democracy looks like. It says Lucy, the protesting beagle is here too. What's up Lucy? The protesting beagle midas touch.com. Please help us spread the word. No corporate media anywhere. Well, you know, we're covering it here on the Midas Touch Network. Another thing I wanted to point out as well, 'cause we've talked about all of the other kind of countries, seeing how weak and pathetic Donald Trump is. The latest to stand up to Donald Trump is Iran, who's clearly not scared of Donald Trump. The Iranian leader says he won't accept demands by bully countries after Trump claims to have sent the leader Khomeini a letter like Donald Trump said, in, in from one of those weird oval office press conferences at the end of last week that we sent a letter.


And you know, Iran's gonna have a lot of problems if they don't do what they're supposed to do. Here's what Donald Trump said. It's an interesting time in the history of the world, but we have a situation with Iran that something's gonna happen very soon, very, very soon. You'll be talking about that pretty soon, I guess. And hopefully we can have a, a peace deal. You know, I'm not, I'm not speaking outta strength or weakness, I'm just saying I'd rather see a peace deal than the other, but the other will solve the problem. And then what the, what Iran said is that, look, Bo Donald Trump said is absolutely false.


We're not scared of him. We're not going to respond to him like, like literally we're just going to ignore him. We don't, we don't listen to bully regimes. So at this point, this is how everyone's dealing with Donald Trump. Like even Iran is not afraid of Donald Trump. I I showed you at the beginning some of the Bernie Sanders town halls and rallies in red purplish areas, just so you can see here as well, this was from Saturday. He writes, Senator Sanders writes totally insane. First a gym full of people, then an overflow crowd, then an overflow overflow crowd, and an overflow, overflow overflow crowd. More than 9,000 people came out in war in Michigan to say no to oligarchy, no to cuts to social security, no to Medicaid, no to cuts to the va.


You know, also, I think it's worth mentioning as well over here that they still haven't released the Epstein files, right? They still haven not released it. Remember weeks ago when the MAGA Republicans said they were releasing the Epstein files. I told you they were never going to release it. And they gave those like MAGA influencers who showed up at the White House a binder, And they like wrote Epstein files, the most transparent administration ever on the binder, like thinking everybody stupid. Yeah, they, they, it was then exposed that it was not the Epstein files, it was like Epstein's phone book that was released in 2021, by the way, which has Donald Trump's name on it.


And now they're saying they're not gonna turn over the Epstein files. I told you they were never gonna turn it over, ever. I mean, the, the the, because it probably has this, you know, stuff with Trump's name on it. I mean, Trump was close with Epstein. So, but I'll tell you what they did do. The Trump administration did help get the Tate brothers who were arrested on sex trafficking of minor charges, alleged sex trafficking of minor charges. Although we've heard them speak. And the Tate brothers have said in their own words, the most horrific and despicable things as well about trafficking. But they were brought back from Romania to the United States where they're getting a hero's welcome from all of the MAGA people who are saying, you know, how great it is that they're there.


So while you don't get the Epstein files, you do get the, the Tate brothers who were arrested in Romania and sex trafficking charges. So that's what, that's, that's what MAGA is doing. Higher egg prices, a tanking stock market, a tanking GDP stagflation, meaning GDP growth low or contracting inflation surging, stock markets crashing. And then Donald Trump saying, shut up, shut up about egg prices. He's got a vacation, everybody, he's got a vacation. He's got him and the bro, him and the oligarchs, him and the billionaires. They gotta talk about their crypto reserves and what they're gonna do with their crypto and their meme coins.


Everybody, while we, the people suffer. So despicable, great work to all the people out there protesting great work to Senator Sanders and everybody who showed up to those protests and to those events. Happy to highlight it here on the Midas Touch Network. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.