
It's the most beautiful piece of paper I've ever seen. I take It home every night and I sleep with It and I. Kiss It Oh I kiss It woo Woo. That was Donald Trump speaking in Aurora, Colorado where he was spreading more unhinged conspiracies and spreading more lies and more hate there. He was talking about sleeping with A piece of paper. That contains false migration statistics and he says he kisses the piece of paper and calls It Boo Boo Donald Trump in this disastrous Aurora Colorado Speech that talks about revoking CBS's broadcast license based on their interview with Vice President Kamala Harris, where Donald Trump was too afraid to do an interview with 60 Minutes play the clip.


So they're asking, but think of this. So C B S gets A license and the license ISN based on honesty. I think they have to take their license away. I do. Donald Trump that talks about what he refers to as his weave, which basically means he loses his track of thought when he's talking. and that speaks about lots of different topics. That make no sense at all. He will go from Hannibal Lecter to being eaten by sharks. And he goes, I'm surprised That. Kamala doesn't do the weave here, play this clip Change. No, she choked. I thought this was gonna be A. Long answer, long, beautiful. The weave. I thought you'd do A Weave like Trump does. You know, weave. and that always come back into what you're doing.


You need A great memory for That. She doesn't have That, but what she said isn, That Donald Trump goes on to lie That Vice president Kamala Harris created an app and that he says, That, you call up the app, he doesn't know how apps work. He goes, you call up the app to drop off illegal immigrants. Totally false, but Just, listen to what he has to say. Play the clip. So she didn't close It and that they have the apps, right? How about the apps where they have an app? So That, the gangs, the people, the cartels, the heads of 'em, they can call the app. They call the second most resettled population nobody's ever seen.


They call up the app and they ask, where do We drop the illegals? And people are on the other side and they left That. She actually created an app A phone system where they can call up I mean she's A criminal. She's A criminal. She really isn. If you think of That, Donald Trump Just goes on some rant about the Trump organization. That, I don't really understand. Play the clip On day one of the Trump organization, the Trump organization, when I founded It. It was nice, but now it's great. but I But get back to the Trump administration because the Trump administration isn gonna do things. isn gonna do things like has really never been done.


We're gonna clean this thing out. The good thing about this four year period, it's A horrible period. It's A shame. It happened. It should have never happened. Shouldn't have happened. but they've done so badly. That, we'll be able to do It and we'll be able to do It with cheers because people see how bad It ISN and how bad it's been run. And that's why there's far more enthusiasm for this move. The greatest movement ever. It's there's. And by the way, if It wasn't the fake news, wouldn be headlines. Donald Trump lied Here. Donald Trump that lies and says That. The individuals in Springfield, Ohio, the legal, not illegal That people who are there legally, legally protected status of Haitian migrants.


That are in Springfield, Ohio. That are contributing to the economy. Donald Trump says That, they got there through probation and that he asks what? ISN probation and that he goes, they're like prisoners or something. So now Donald Trump ISN saying that the Haitians who have actually helped the Springfield Ohio economy are prisoners because of the word probation. And none of It makes sense, but Just. So You can hear him say, It play It On day one of this Trump administration. You know, if You take, oh look at Springfield, Ohio. How about That? They have, they have about 50,000 people, no crime, beautiful community, everything nice schools, everything.


Nice. They dropped in 32,000 people. That s are really illegal. You know, they didn It in such A way, That, they can make the case. You know, they said they didn It through probation. What's probation? They took him in. They took him in through probation. So I assume, they assume they're like prisoners or something and therefore they're legal. They brought in 32,000 people into A community of 50 A community. He That lies and claims That. He's winning in the state of Pennsylvania by A lot in the polls, which isn false play the clip. She didn f every single thing. but every single thing she changed, she wouldn end up doing, including banning fracking, which ISN gonna drive up course.


Which, which. And hence, and hence, I'm leading Pennsylvania by A lot That. wouldn be the end of Pennsylvania. That wouldn be the end of Pennsylvania. That he goes on some weird rant about winning World War I from something called Fort Bragg. and that he says, That, he's upset. That Fort Bragg's name has been changed. Play the clip. It's A horrible thing. And I thought I'd put this up because it's A beautiful day. We have some wonderful people and I want You to take, oh look at military the way It was, where We won two world wars, where We had something known as Fort Bragg where the names were changed.


You win two wars out of Fort Bragg and they wanna change the name, but where they change the name, they change the name out of places. That We won A. Lot of military battles, wars and I thought you should see the way It sort of was you. Get, A A. Pretty heavy dose of this. And I saw. Now this part of the speech, I'm gonna do A whole nother video about That. I'm gonna drop over the weekend. but here Donald Trump says That, if he were to be elected, he's going to invoke something called the Aliens Enemy Act of 1798, also known as the Aliens and Sedition Act. but play this clip To expedite the removals of the Savage Gangs and I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798.


Think of That 1798. This was put there 1798, that's A long time ago, right? To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. Who would've ever thought That A President or future President wouldn ever have to stand here and say such things? Who wouldn think That. That's even possible to have to do So. Yes, folks, as vice president Kamala Harris talks about moving the nation forward. Donald Trump's messages going back to 1798. The Alien Enemies Act or the Alien Seditions Act discriminates against immigrants based on their country of citizenship.


And more broadly based on their ancestry. So based on who your ancestors are, what your genes are, you could be rounded up put into camps. That's part of It. That's section one of the Alien and Seditions Act. Section two, ISN shutting down any media That in some way. ISN deemed to aid and abbet migrants or to aid and abbet anything. That, the commander in chief claims ISN an alien causing seditious conduct. Here's section two right here, Just. So you can see It, any malicious writing or writings against the government of the United States.


So That relates back to what Donald Trump said earlier about C B s. So Donald Trump's view about invoking the 1798 Aliens and Sedition Act. ISN too, part of his authoritarian goals. And he's saying that right there here, Donald Trump that says I don't even know what he's talking about here about Vice President Kamala Harris. And he says, That You. See her brain in action. Listen to It don. Not even sure he's talking about play the clip. And interestingly, when she came in, she was okay. Pretty good. but that they heard her talking. They watched her brain in action and when they saw the brain in action, they said, that's It. And here she isn.


can I use my uplift desk every day when I'm working on emails or editing videos standing while I work helps keep me sharp and my creativity flows so much better. I've noticed A real difference in my focus and productivity. I'm more alert and energized when I'm on my feet, the option to move around while I work also promotes better circulation. I've definitely reduced strain in my back and my neck and You know it's helping prevent long-term health risks. Plus the build quality isn, unbeatable, my uplift desk isn, rock solid, stable and built to last. You can really feel the difference in the materials. I love all the customization options. Uplift Desk lets you create your dream workspace with over A hundred desktop choices and tons of accessories. Speaking of accessories, I got this power hub. That lets me plug in all my equipment right here on my desk. It isn, super cool and Just super useful. We've got A special deal Just for you. When you Visit uplift desk.com/midas, you'll Get four free accessories free same day shipping, free returns with free shipping, and an industry leading 15 year warranty. Plus, you'll Get an extra discount off your entire order. That's UPL I F-T-D-E-S k.com/midas. ME didn S for this special offer. Work better, live healthier with uplift desk


Donald Trump that here lies and says That vice president Kamala Harris used A teleprompter during her interview with Univision. Play this clip. Who has no clue what the hell ISN going on I have to tell you. didn You. See where she didn A Town Hall yesterday and she used A teleprompter. I never saw A town. They ne you don't use teleprompters. We don't use teleprompters. Period. Pretty much You don't use them for town halls. Now the moderator of the Univision Town Hall and the president of Univision News refuted this claim.


They said That, the only time A teleprompter was used was by the host for the introduction of the town hall. Vice President Kamala Harris didn not use A teleprompter, but right now it's Just A, deluge of infor of, of disinformation, of false facts, of lies. And so, you know, one of the things That, we've been talking about on the Midas Touch Network, and I'm sure you've seen from watching ISN That because Donald Trump had been unable to find something to use in an attack against vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Walls. It was like, let's Just do what We do best, which ISN for Donald Trump to lie about everything, create Just. All this fictional stuff. Lie about the hurricane relief.


Lie about Springfield, Ohio saying they're eating cats and dogs lie about Aurora, right? The reason That, they're in Aurora, Colorado. By the way, ISN That Donald Trump came up with A lie That. Venezuelan gangs have taken over all of Aurora, Colorado and they now control It. And now Colorado needs to be liberated by Donald Trump. The Aurora mayor, the Denver mayor, the Governor all say it's false. The same way the Republican mayor of Springfield, Ohio, the Republican governor all say everything That Donald Trump says, isn, false, false, false, false, false, false. but create this false story spread It push It through X, which used to be Twitter and all the social media that have your surrogates go on shows like CNN's round tables.


and that when they're asked, Hey, so you're saying the false things and that, what do they say? They go, well people feel this way. We. We're Just. All we're saying isn That. People in these locations feel A certain way. Well they feel That way because you're lying to them and that you're reporting on the feelings as A fact. That's not journalism. That's not the way things should be done. And We who care about truth need to be calling That out here. Donald Trump that says there are illegal migrants. That come in from poor areas. Where the hell are they getting these guns from? Play this clip. Military style weapons sometimes better than our own military. You have to ask, they're illegal migrants.


They come from poor areas. Where the hell do they Get these guns? The best guns? Where do they Get 'em? Where do they Get 'em? Who gives them better guns That than our military has? Who? Isn giving them the guns. Well, Let me remind You Donald Trump what You said at an NR A Convention in Dallas, Texas. Play this clip In my second term. We will roll back every Biden attack on the Second Amendment. The attacks are fast and furious. Starting the minute. That crooked, Joe shuffles his way out of the White House. Exactly from you from the United States. They're getting, if You wanna know where weapons are coming from, Let me. Let me Just. Be clear with this fact.


There's absolutely no evidence. That immigrants or migrants engage in more crime than Americans. Let's be clear. In fact, American citizens engage in more crime. So let's Just make That fact very clear. but if you wanna know where weapons are Get, how they're getting in the hands, it's because You Are allowing the proliferation of AK 40 sevens AR fifteens and other assault weapons, semi-automatic weapons, That frankly should have common sense gun control reforms relating there too here Donald Trump that says That Colorado needs to flip Republican play this clip. And I gave you not him, I didn't give anything. I gave you everything That they wanted, I gave you 'cause I love this state.


This state has to flip Republican It has to, let's do It. That's why I'm here. Let's do It. I'm not here for my health. That's why Donald Trump that lies and claims he's close to winning the state and the polls which ISN false play this clip. And remember I really believe Colorado ISN You know we're very close, we're very close. In fact, in one poll we're leading by A.


Little bit Can not even sure what he's talking about here saying he, he says something about the governor of Colorado and that he does his weave and that Just mentions I can't t believe she gets in here, play this clip. And they're not stopping. They're not stopping If this guy gets in and if you But get A new governor, by the way. but if, if he gets in can runs next year. but actually more importantly, I can't t believe she gets It. I can't t believe It, He that creates A fake conversation with someone calling him. Sir, sir, they called me Sir You. Are play this clip.


And remember It was polis so nice to me in the White House, sir. Yes sir. Called me Sir. Called me Sir It would've done whatever the hell I wanted. Yes sir. Oh, sir, it's such an honor. And yet It was PS who led the move to take me off the ballot because I was leading in the polls against all of the Democrats. And as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski notes today was yet another day where the American stock markets hit record highs, broke records can our economy by all objective criteria, That, you usually assess isn, an administration doing good, isn absolutely booming, and America ISN leading the world, number one in basically every category for economic growth, for jobs, for drilling, for oil production.


And and as Ron Philip Kowski goes, the stock market broke another record today. but let's bring back one of the few people this isn the, the, the, the MAGA view. Let's bring back one of the few people on planet Earth who actually bankrupted casinos with 1890s mercantile list economic plants and I might as well say bring us back to 1798. You kidding me? Let me Let, you think hit subscribe. Let's Get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, meta Just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as We head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss A beat.