
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry with LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be let Point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.


I don't know about you, but I prefer presidents who don't get cease and desist letters from guitar companies who allege that said Presidents are copying their intellectual property in selling scammy guitars to grift off of supporters. Like, did you ever think I had to say that in a sentence? Well, now I do. The Gibson Guitar Company has sent a cease and desist letter to Donald Trump and his various corporations because Donald Trump announced earlier last week that he was selling Trump guitars@trumpguitars.com. Except when you look at the guitars, they look awfully similar to the Les Paul guitars, which is a trademarked and patented guitar by the Gibson Guitar company.


Donald Trump is holding what looks to be a Gibson guitar, not his own unique guitar, and Gibson owns that design. Now, when we reported on Donald Trump's grift of selling this guitar, one of the things we pointed out is we always look at the frequently asked question section of all of the Trump grips. 'cause they all kind of have the commonality, the things that he's selling when he licenses his name, image, and likeness for, it's usually AI images of things that are not even manufactured yet. And so when you look at the frequently asked question section, it often says it'll arrive in five to six months, the product from when you buy it.


And then it says that the product you receive may look nothing like the photo in the picture of the thing that you're buying. It says that the object, whether it's the the watches, the guitars, what whatever it is, the sneakers, it says it's for illustrative purposes. It's just demonstrative. It's not actually the product that you'll receive. So when Donald Trump was selling $100,000 watches, some others were like 10,000, 50,000. The high end ones were a hundred thousand dollars. Turns out a lot of these parts looked like they were, the AI parts were manufactured in in China.


It turns out that it's not even the product that you may receive that people are paying a hundred thousand dollars for. One of the things we pointed out there is hypothetically that could be used as a money laundering scam. What the hell's paying a hundred thousand dollars for a watch that they've never seen? What it looks like before? Well, now with the Trump guitars, the Gibson Company, let me give you just the legal explanation here as well. They are duty bound. When you control a trademark, you have to defend your mark. You, you have no choice because Gibson is involved in litigation with lots of other people who try to steal its trademarks.


And if you don't enforce your trademark, if you don't send a cease and desist and try to sue Donald Trump, then other companies can allege that because you're not defending your trademark, that they can steal your design. So Gibson's forced actually to send a under the law to send the cease and desist and pursue legal action against Donald Trump. So they sent this cease and desist, they said in the cease and desist letter, your guitar is the Gibson design. It has the same curvature as Gibson. We control that trademark. You can't do that. And of course, there's no response from Donald Trump because it's not a real, he, he's, they're doing AI photos right there.


And, and I just wanna reflect right now on a few things here. Like take a look at these other Trump grifts that are taking, that are taking place right now. And, and to me, this is just, it is shameful on so many different levels. But you know, this is the person who has access to the nuclear codes. This is the person who's making life or death decisions, can't for our lives now. Can't even sell a freaking guitar correctly. Why is he even selling guitars in the first place? What you trying to, you know, selling guitars for 1500 bucks, 3000 bucks? What are you doing?


So when we started the Midas Touch Network, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now we're able to bring you the best pro democracy merchandise, and it's so easy, and it's all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business, from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million order stage, Shopify's there to help you grow the same way it helped us grow at the Midas Touch Network. Whether you're selling scented soap sounds good, or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers with the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to the other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star, we use Shopify at store dot midas touch.com, and I know you know how seamless that is, and it's completely revolutionized everything we do. It allows us to easily manage our shop view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products, you know, in love with without Shopify. And we can't speak highly enough about Shopify. Shopify powers, 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs like maas, touch of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify. So Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash midas, all lowercase, go to Shopify, S-H-O-P-I-F-Y. So go to Shopify dot com slash midas now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in, Shopify dot com slash Midas.


So these are g Griffs all taking place right now as we speak. He's selling fake $2 bills for $19 and 95 cents. By the way, just more photos of him signing the guitars right here. You have Melania selling Melania figurines. The promise of the nation belongs to all of us. Do not lose sight of your integrity and values. $99 and 99 cents for this little tiny figurine. She's selling this for $150. It's a photograph of her on the move. Here's a series of new photographs capturing my journey. Each image showcases the art of being present while moving forward into an exciting new world.


What does that even mean? The art of being present. And she's selling these images for $150. Meanwhile, Russian media is just mocking her for being in these like nudes back in the day. Oh, she's selling, Melania is selling dollar bills also. She's selling fake $500 bills with her, her face on it. Or she's at least allowing people to sell fake $500 bills with her face on it. Here's a $500 First Lady, Melania Trump, 24 karat gold bill. You could buy it for 9 99. It's 50% off. Oh. And now she's also using the symbols of our democracy to make money off of it.


This is for $175. It's gold plated stainless steel. She wants $175 for it. Embrace the boldness in your style this season with the Vote Freedom Necklace, which features the Iconic Lady Liberty. That's not a Melo impression. I'm not even sure what, I'm not really sure what that impression I'm even doing is. So it's a tribute to America's enduring commitment to freedom. This piece is a statement of pride and empowerment. You've got Donald Trump selling crypto and Bitcoin and, and I don't even think he owns these images. NFT, he made a, this is what he's selling, the Trump NFT collection, him holding lightning bolts and dressed like a superhero and holding Bitcoin orbs.


These NFTs are $99 each, also selling like 12 to 15 different pairs of Trump sneakers. But it's that same kind of scammy scheme where you make 'em in AI and then they arrive like six months later after the fact. So this is get Trump sneakers, step up your style and show your patriotism with limited edition. The only official Trump sneakers. Also, he has his assassination edition sneakers. That's which is real, which what he selling it for 300 bucks. He's selling Trump crypto president Bitcoin sneakers for $299. I told you the watches he's selling for a hundred thousand dollars.


And at the same time that he's selling the watches, same day as, as the a hundred thousand dollars watches you have. Melania saying, wow, I see it. The record speaks about itself. The country is suffering. People are not able to buy usual necessities for their family. We have wars. You're selling a $100,000 freaking AI watch right there. And folks, as Donald Trump's getting cease and desist letters for allegedly using the Gibson trademark for how the, how they structure their guitar. Donald Trump's taking to social media posting.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna charge Canada and Mexico with a tariff 25%. I'm gonna charge 'em, I'm gonna charge China with an additional 10%. I mean you're gonna charge them. That's what somebody who rips off intellectual property of guitar companies and sells AI guitars. That's how they think about what tariffs are. You ate charge in Canada, Mexico, or China with your tariffs, not the way tariffs work. You are charging American companies a tax which the American companies pass on to consumers. That's why Walmart and all the American companies say the American consumer prices are going up, up, up, up because of Trump tariffs.


That's the way tariffs work. But I guess when you take your economic guidance from somebody selling fake Gibson guitars that are AI generated and has to get cease and desist letters from a guitar company while he's the president, like that may be the outcome that you get right there. Or how about Donald Trump now having to confront the H five N one avian flu mutation, right? How about that? It's gonna say like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. Is he gonna say, I'll get back to you in five to six months.


Just like, just like my guitars. I'll get back, I'm gonna go golfing. Me, me and Elon Musk. We're gonna talk about Doge, we're gonna do Doge stuff, whatever the heck that means. We're gonna do doja billionaire stuff. That's what we're doing. Screw you Americans. That's what they are doing right now. So yeah, he gets the cease and desist, but there's a broader issue here. Now, if, if you are okay with this, if you, if you go, well, Ben, he's owed ODing the Libs, you, you seem triggered. He's owning the libs with fake $2 bills with his face on it. A hundred thousand dollars watches, figurines.


That's how you own the libs, Ben. Okay? Okay. You've owed, so you've owed the libs. Now what? Now can we focus on actually making sure Americans can get their healthcare and prescription drug prices are lower? Can we make sure that our economy is on the trajectory, frankly, that President Biden put it in, which was one of success that now Donald Trump is screwing up. Can we not saddle us with trillions of dollars in debt that Donald Trump is already setting the groundwork for? Can we not do bloody mass deportations and send the freaking United States military through the streets of we, the people rounding up people and knocking on doors? Or, or, or, or should we just sell NFTs?


Should we just sell a hundred thousand dollars watches the grifter in chief? It's so utterly, utterly despicable. Oh, by the way, Lauren Bert's on cameo. Here it is. Starting fee $250. Lauren Bobert. You can ask her to say things. Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Beetlejuice $250. I, I don't know. We, we want from me, we're, you know, we're gonna call this stuff out together. We're gonna get through it.


We're gonna look back at this together, and we're gonna say, what? What the hell was that? But we'll get through it, I promise you. Okay, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.