
So you know by now that we here at the Midas Touch Network, love to highlight the stories of former Trump voters. Sometimes people who voted for Donald Trump twice, who are now supporting Vice President Kamala Harris. We've previously referred to this as a mass exodus away from MAGA and a return to normalcy. Our friends at the Republican voters against Trump have been highlighting this as well with testimonials from former Trump voters who are now endorsing Vice President Kamala Harris. I want to show you some of the most powerful testimonials I've seen yet, but before doing that, I wanna show you what went down at this Trump Town Hall in Oaks, Pennsylvania.


It was very bizarre. And Donald Trump is showing severe cognitive decline. You know, we've talked about his serious and obvious health issues that the media refused to discuss, but Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign is discussing it right now and making it the center of their closing argument to the American people. But at this town hall, Donald Trump's like, I don't wanna do questions, let's listen to music. And then he starts like just bobbing to, to music. It was a very strange moment to play this clip. Let's not do any more questions. Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into our music. Who the hell wants to hear questions? Right?


That's isn't that beautiful though? It's, it's a beautiful, and we played that in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had a moment of silence and then we had the bells of Notre Dame go off. And then we had a great opera singer, Christopher, who was so incredible. Yeah, he was a great, great opera singer. And by the way, that doesn't even factor in Donald Trump saying that he will use the United States military against people who opposes him. That's what Donald Trump said the day before on Fox. So let me just share with you some of these testimonials from Trump voters. I'm gonna want you to share your stories. If your story is like this or you know somebody, friends, family members, coworkers in your life whose story is like this neighbor, you're not seeing as much Trump signs.


Put it in the comments right now. I'll do my best to share your story here in front of millions of people on the Midas Touch Network. Well, I want you to meet Lars, a former Trump voter from Wisconsin. Let's play It. I feel the policies that Donald Trump is suggesting are dangerous to America country needs to return to a kinder, gentler nation. My name is Lars, I'm from Wisconsin. I voted for Trump in 2016. I will be voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz in 2024. I cannot stand the platform the Republican Party is running on now. It is a frightening collection of things that they wanna do to change the power structure in the federal government and also eliminate agencies and services that the federal government has provided so far, and that will cause a great deal of hardship for citizens across the country.


January 6th, to me, was an abhorrent moment in American history. The fact that I watched our capitol under attack at the attempt to block the certification of our presidential election by a group of rabble-rousers and people who had been invited there by the President of the United States to disrupt this proceeding in whatever way they could. Even more horrified to hear the people called Patriots. At the end of it, I feel the policies that Donald Trump is suggesting are dangerous to America. And I feel that the country needs to return to a kinder, gentler nation. And I think the empathy and compassion the Democratic Party can display and provide for the issues at hand is what is needed as opposed to the authoritarian, hard-nosed and sometimes potentially violent tactics of the right.


Let's meet Sean, a former Trump voter. Let's play it. J JD Vance. He's honestly the pick that people scratch your head on. He's an idiot. My name is Sean. I'm from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, currently living in Oregon. I voted for Donald Trump in the 2016 election and in 2024, I will be voting for Kamala Harris. I think Donald Trump on the economic side, he's a conman. If you want someone to take advantage of you as a country just to help grow his side of it, he's someone that you should be voting for. I mean, look at how he handled Deutsche Bank. Look at everything else he's worked with and how he's handled the country in the last four years that he had it. So if he does become president and he starts taking this rhetoric, other people will take that and run with it. And as you showed on January 6th, I mean, he has a whole mass of people that will do whatever he wants them to do.


JD Vance, he's honestly the pick that people scratch their head on. He's an idiot. I think a lot of the way the Republican party's been moving in the last 10 years is the people with the loudest voices. They're the ones being propped up on this pedestal. And the people with the loudest voices aren't always the best people to run the country. I think this very loud, obnoxious group of Republicans that are pushing that far right side is a a problem in the us and it's happening on both sides to be very honestly. But I'm part of the Republican party and I wanna fix us because I think whoever gets to the center first is gonna start winning more often. How About Danny, a former Trump voter from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania who's now supporting Vice President Kamala Harris.


You can't trust Trump and you can't trust Vance. Neither of them stick to their issues and they both say that they're foreign issue and then against an issue. My name is Danny. I'm from Pennsylvania. I voted for Trump in 2020 and I will not be voting for him in this upcoming election in 2024. The fact that Trump was even nominated by the Republican party when he is a convicted felon blew my mind. You cannot fill out a job application as a felon and not have that held against you. There is no reason that the highest office in charge of our military should be a convicted felon when someone in the military serving our country cannot be. I feel that the way Trump talks about our military and the brave men and women that serve to protect our freedoms every single day is a disgrace to this country.


And he should never ever be allowed to be in charge of them. The claims that the election was stolen is a spit in the face to every voter. We vote for a reason. Our votes count. I believe that JD Vance needs some help to say that someone with a child's vote should count more than someone that doesn't have a child, goes against the fact that we are all equal and we are all free. You can't trust Trump and you can't trust Vance. Neither of them stick to their issues and they both say that they're foreign issue and then against an issue. I just want a straight answer and neither Trump or Vance can give me a straight answer on where they stand. I'm gonna be supporting Harris. How about Scott, A small business owner and former Trump voter who's voting for Vice president Kamala Harris.


Let's play it. My name is Scott. I'm from Idaho. I'm a former Trump voter. I'm a small business owner and I'll be voting for Harris. We have an online business as well as a local business here, and we employ about 13 people. I started the business when I sold my motorcycle to come up with a little bit of capital as opposed to getting a small, small loan like Donald Trump did. So I sold my motorcycle and started my business and just worked a lot of hours, a lot of time, a lot of sacrifice by my wife and my family.


And then we, we've, we've become successful. But it, it's, it's been a long road. I will be voting for Kamala Harris this time. There are actually many reasons, but the biggest reason is the selfishness of Donald Trump when it comes to business. He won't do what's right for us small business people. He will only do what's right for Donald Trump. He has so many failures in business and in failing is not, it's not shameful, but consistently, repeatedly failing and bankruptcy by design that is shameful.


So for those reasons, I will never vote for Donald Trump again. I will vote for Kamala Harris. Donald Trump is a wild card. We don't know what he's gonna do because he's gonna do whatever makes sense for Donald Trump. He's not gonna do what's best for us as an economy, as a country. Trump has this tariff proposals and he says that they will both rake in billions and billions of dollars and curb inflation. So when you put tariffs on these other countries, how in the world are prices for us going to go down? They're going to go up at, at best you could make the argument that they won't go up much because the other countries will eat the eat the cost, which really won't happen.


But the tariffs, they will be passed along to us. So Trump claims to care about small business owners, yet he has stiffed many small businesses with his companies. He has gone bankrupt numerous times. I mean, how many failures in business has he had and how many small business owners that he claims to care about have suffered from Trump stakes, Trump University, Trump Airlines, Trump Mortgage, all of those and plenty more. Trump cares about Trump. Trump doesn't care about us. It's time. We as small business owners recognize that Trump is not one of us.


He was. He was fed a silver spoon a long, long time ago and he has no idea what it's like to be a small business person. Harris, I think she does care. It's such a contrast from Donald Trump who only wants to do the best for him for Donald Trump.


Alright, what kind of night Is it a single, double, triple, or a quad? I'm not talking about alcohol 'cause I don't drink. I'm talking about souls out of office. Microdosed, THC gummies. Just learn you can buy hemp derived THE products legally anywhere in the US through our next partner Soul. Pretty cool stuff. This podcast is sponsored by Saul Sonu, out of office gummies are perfectly microdosed with hemp derived THC and CBD to give any day that chilling on the beach vibe. I had it recently and let me just say, pretty, pretty good. Did you know you can now buy hemp derived THC products in all 50 states? Because the 2018 farm bill hemp derived THC is now legal. It's accessible. You gotta get the good stuff. Those out of office gummies help you get that much needed me time at the end of the day or during the day. They're convenient and they are delicious. So that's why I like it. Chills me out, makes me feel relaxed. I feel good doing my hot takes the next morning. It's good stuff. It was founded five years ago by a brother and sister, family crew, Mike and Angie Lee. Mike's a former world ranked professional boxer. Angie's an author and professional speaker, had the desire to create natural alternatives. We like that here. Natural alternatives to medication that can tackle the problems that they were dealing with extensively. And thus, you've got Soul. I love that. It's a family business. So this holiday season, give the gift of Soul head, To get Soul dot com, G-E-T-S-O-U l.com. Use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order. Using Code Midas one last time. Go To get Soul dot com and use that code Midas for 30% off.


Meet Robert an ext Trump voter now supporting vice President Kamala Harris. Let's play it. He is running again in 2024 on an empty hollow promise of make America great again, which is nothing more than the rantings of a demagogue. It doesn't stand for anything. My name is Robert. I live in Pennsylvania, and in 2024, I won't be voting for Trump, although I was a former Trump voter. We saw during his first term that first he tried to undermine the Constitution itself. Then when he lost the election in 2020, he then perpetrated the big lie to try to convince his followers that he had been robbed of the election. And then culminating on top of that, he fomented an insurrection on January 6th, 2021 to try to stay in power despite having lost.


And now since then, it's only gotten worse. He's been convicted of a felony and now he is running again in 2024 on an empty hollow promise of make America great again, which is nothing more than the rantings of a demagogue. It doesn't stand for anything. If you listen to him, he is running on hate, retribution, fear, and settling the score. And all he can do is rant about how everybody's wrong him. That's no reason to run for president. It's absolutely why I can't, or anybody else should not be supporting him in 2024. I absolutely will not be voting for him. In 2024, I will vote for Kamala Harris Meet Rick, an ex Trump voter who's now voting for vice President Kamala Harris. Choosing a guy like JD Vance just reinforces my concern for dictatorship.


Rick here from New York, former Trump voter will not be voting for Trump in 2024. I totally blamed Trump. What happened on January 6th? He riled a crowd up. He did not need to be there on January 6th. That could have been just another day in Washington, dc his end for Trump, back out of the picture and claimed I had nothing to do with that. I'm a board. And the fact that people got hurt, the fact that property, our property was destroyed because of him, and the fact that he can literally stand in front of a camera and Trump can say, I had nothing to do with that, blows me away. Trump concerns the living hell out of me because of his praise for dictators, which also points to the fact that he's a dictator in his own mind. And that concerns me that if he gets into office, will those that are supposed to be the checks and balances be able to manage that.


Choosing a guy like JD Vance just reinforces my concern for dictatorship. I will not be voting for Donald Trump in 2024. I will be voting for Kamala Harris. Meet Rich, a former Trump voter who regrets the two times he previously voted for Donald Trump and watch the language that he uses here to talk about Donald Trump. Powerful stuff. Let's play it. He's a moral weak, a gutless coward, and a spineless worm. Not to mention the political parasite of vote for Trump, an insult to our armed services. My name is Rich. I'm former Trump voter, and I regret the two times that I voted for that loser Trump, a proven a felon.


He's guilty of 34 felonies so far. He hosted an illegal insurrection. He's a certified rapist. He's a financial fraud and a con artist. He attempted to perjury from Mr. Brad Raff by fisherman from votes that did not exist. So Trump conspired numerous shills, weak-minded flunkies and delusional sants to do his illegal bidding. Many have been justly convicted and others are on the sites of the doj, the fbi, and other state courts with their own investigations. Trump is a coward. He dodged the draft during Vietnam by paying off his to say he had bone spurs in his shins. He's a moral weak, a gutless coward, and a spineless worm.


Not to mention a political parasite. A vote for Trump is an insult to our armed services. And that our sacred dead who died for our freedoms were suckers and losers. According to Trump, who never served a day in his entire life. We must protect democracy against animals like Trump and other ones who might try and come and take his place. We need to have constitutional laws in place, guaranteed that no president may steal power from another president. I want you to meet Phil, a former veteran and former Trump voter, putting country over party. Play the clip. You know, I served in the Marine Corps. My brother served in the Marine Corps, my son served in the Marine Corps. We served our country. It means something to us.


By the way, did Trump ever serve? My name's Don live in Standish, Maine. I did vote for Trump, but he lost it. I can no longer support him. He's lost my boat. First of all, let's just call it. And it's gonna upset some people. Fake Christianity. I believe in Jesus Christ, okay? But for so many of my friends that claim to know the Lord, and I think they do, they have saddled up with Trump and they have deemed him almost like the Messiah. Some things are sacred, don't mess with them. You don't mess with God's stuff, do you really? And so all these people are misled. They're going down this path. That's my number one point.


The misleading and the using of polluting your Soul for a vote. I'm not into that. And the second thing is 1 6 21. Isn't that funny how easily things slip our mind sometimes. I didn't forget that. You know, I served in the Marine Corps. My brother served in the Marine Corps, my son served in the Marine Corps. We served our country. It means something to us. By the way, did Trump ever serve all the veterans? Love him? Oh my God, just like the Christians, he's the biggest conman I've ever seen. You know, I'm not buying into this crap. I've always been with the GOP, but I can't do it now. My heart won't. Lemme do it. And so I'm free and it's a good feeling, actually.


Now I want you to meet Peter, a former Trump voter who is voting for vice President Kamala Harris. He Is a lying SOP. Everything he says is a lie. And I'm sick of hearing his voice. Every time he talks, my blood pressure goes up. I'm Peter, a former Trump voter. And in 2024, I definitely won't be voting for Trump. After all the things we know about Donald Trump. How can you possibly support this felon, this guy that gropes women who cheats on his wife, who lies continuously? I mean it is ongoing. I think January 6th was a stain on our democracy. Here in the United States, we're always a people that respect the rule of law. And if you are voted out of office, there's a peaceful transition.


Well, Trump tried to circumvent that on January 6th going so far as to send his minions into the capitol to attack the people in there who were doing their duty. And then beyond that, there were all these fake electors. They all conspired and got together to say, well, we're gonna send all these fake electors in. Well, you know what? The chickens are coming home to roost now because all those fake electors are being prosecuted one by one. It's ridiculous. It's embarrassing. And, you know what? He really scares me. And he says he is gonna be a dictator on day one. And a couple of days ago, he said something to the effect of, you'll never have to vote again. Well, what the heck does that mean? I know all his aides and his minions are running around saying, oh, he was just joking. I don't think he was just joking. I think he's got this idea that once he gets in office, he'll always be in office.


He has a lying SOP, everything he says is a lie. And I'm sick of hearing his voice. Every time he talks, my blood pressure goes up. I'm gonna be voting for Kamala Harris. This go round. Now I want you to look at this photo of Donald Trump. This individual is deeply, deeply unwell. That's for sure. And let me show you this clip right here where Donald Trump said that he will use the United States military against we the people. If we don't agree with him, he will turn the military against American citizens. Play the clip. Let's not, let's, let's remember, you've got 50,000 Chinese nationals in this country in the last couple of years. Yeah. You got people on the terrorist watch list. 350 in the last couple of years. You've got, like you said, 13,000 murderers and 15,000 rapists.


Right? What are you expecting? Joe Biden said he doesn't think it's gonna be a peaceful election day. Well, he doesn't have any idea what's happening in far as he spends most of his day sleeping. I think the bigger problem is the enemy from within. Not even the people that have come in and destroying our country, by the way, totally destroying our country. The towns, the villages, they're being inundated. But I don't think they're the problem in terms of election day. I think the bigger problem are the people from within. We have some very bad people. We have some sick people, radical left lunatics. And I think they're the and. And it should be very easily handled by, if necessary, by National Guard or if really necessary by the military because they can't let that happen.


You Talk what you just heard there was traitorous. It is treasonous. It is un-American. And as I've said before, Donald Trump hates the United States of America. Donald Trump hates our great flag. Donald Trump hates our constitution. Donald Trump just cares about himself and trying to enrich himself. He hates we the people. I want you to remember that he hates us and he hates our country so much. He's jealous of our country. He loves our suffering, and that's why he needs to be held accountable. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Love this video.


Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.