
What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock During tax season, your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Donald Trump's plan has backfired massively in his face. Donald Trump announced that he wanted to send United States troops to occupy Gaza. Trump said he wanted to just level it, level the whole thing, get rid of it. Well, in the Middle East, right now, multiple Middle East nations saying that they would go to war with Israel and potentially the United States. If the United States did that, the ambassador from Israel to the United Nations had to walk that back and say, we don't even know what he's talking about. Even we are not suggesting that that should happen right now. But whether it's the countries like Jordan or Saudi Arabia, they're saying absolutely not.


This is not happening. Even magar Republican senators like Rand Paul are saying things like this, the pursuit for peace should be that of the Israelis and the Palestinians. I thought we voted for America first. We have no business contemplating yet another occupation to doom our treasure and spill our soldier's blood. To which our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski responds. You voted for a psychopath. He's your party's leader. One of the things we're learning is that Jordan is ready for war with Israel if the Palestinians are expelled into its territory. Trump's call to clear out Gaza has sparked massive anger throughout Jordan with well-played sources, telling this journal Middle East Eye that the US ally would be prepared for war.


Here, the Israeli ambassador to the United Nations says Palestinians shouldn't be forced out of Gaza. Quote, I think we all agree that it should require the consent of Palestinians. I mean, what he says. Danny Danon, the Israeli ambassador to the United Nations backed president. Donald Trump's plan for the United States to take control of Gaza. Though he doesn't believe Palestinians should forcibly be removed from the land. Quote, I think we all agree that it should require the consent, consent of people to move out from where they live and the consent for other countries to receive them. I mean, let's be clear, what Donald Trump was talking about was ethnic cleansing. It is utterly despicable, and it should be condemned in these strongest terms.


Fox interviewed people and leaders in Jordan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia who were all rejecting Donald Trump's plan to take over Gaza. This is from Fox, by the way. I'm showing you what Fox is putting out on one of their shows here. Play this clip. Chief Foreign correspondent Trey Yanks has that part of the story from Tel Aviv. Diplomatic shockwaves are reverberating across the Middle East. After President Trump unexpectedly announced plans for a US takeover of Gaza that would include forcing Palestinians out. The idea was quickly rejected by Jordan and Egypt countries. The President says would take in displaced refugees.


Saudi Arabia also denounced the proposal. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs affirmed that the kingdom's position on the establishment of the Palestinian state is firm, steadfast and unwavering, and that this firm position is not subject to negotiation or outbidding. That sentiment echoed on the ground inside Gaza, where Palestinian civilians spoke out about a potential forceful displacement of their people. Business. Trump's remarks are illogical. We have lived through war for a year and four months, and then he comes and says, we should leave our land. This is our land and the land of our ancestors. Now, at the same time, we're hearing those very strong voices right there.


You've got the utterly spineless MAGA Republicans in Congress. Most of them are basically whatever Donald Trump wants. Here is maga. Mike Johnson, the speaker of the house here. This is a typical MAGA mike response where he's like, caught me by a surprise. But if Donald Trump says it, oh by golly, I think I like it Here. Play this clip. Yeah, we're trying to get the details of it, but I, I think this is a, a good development. We have to back Israel a hundred percent, and so whatever form that takes, we're we're interested in having that discussion. But it's, it's, it was a surprising development, but I I think it's one. Here's MAGA Mike Johnson again being asked by a reporter.


So are you saying this is American first to have the United States troops occupy Gaza and become a police department in the region and police the world here play this clip? Is that an America First policy to send American soldiers into one of the most volatile regions in the world and then suggest that the US take control of a region that it has no claim to? Look there, there'll be more details forthcoming on that. Of course, the initial announcement yesterday, I think was greeted with by surprise, by many, but cheer by, I think people all around the world. Why? Because that area is so dangerous and he's taking bold, decisive action to try to ensure the piece of that re That's the propaganda right there coming out from the MAGA Republicans also Kim Jong-Un's press secretary.


I mean, Donald Trump's press secretary Caroline Levit. I mean, this is even more embarrassing. This is more embarrassing than the Kim Jong-Un stuff. Here she goes. Everybody loves this planet. What are we talking about? The world is rejoicing. Donald Trump said he's conquering Gaza and sending the United States military to permanently occupied in the world is so happy. I mean, these people are the biggest liars, gaslight, delusional propaganda. There is, there are play this clip. Mary I'll Up on that though. He also said that everyone loves this plan. He said that in the Oval Office this morning. Sure. In fact, the, the, the Deputy Prime Minister of Jordan called it the Declaration of War on the Arab people.


So how does he square the fact that even some Republicans on the hill are objecting to this or questioning this? How does he square the facts saying Everyone loves this bill? Well, King Abdullah of Jordan will be here next week, so I can provide you more context on the conversations he will have directly with the president of the United States after that meeting. And I would just point out that there's been a lot of leaders and officials all around the world who have doubted, I suppose, the deal making ability of, of President Trump. You said you heard the Panama leader saying that he would not agree to some of the concessions that he has now made because of Secretary Rubio's visit. You had the Colombian president saying he wouldn't accept flights of Colombian illegal nationals who have entered into our country illegally, and those flights are underway.


So actions speak louder than words.


Dasha, as I'm sure you've been noticing, the Midas Touch networks expanding rapidly and we've got employees, reporters, and contractors across the country and the world, and I've gotta keep track of all of our receipts and all of our invoices, the nuts and bolts of running a business. So I use Ramp. Ramp is a free corporate card that automates away your entire expense process. The moment your team makes a purchase Ramp handles everything, receipt matching, categorization, approvals, the works. So for most companies, finance teams spend about 80% of their time doing tactical busy work, chasing down expenses and reconciling statements, and only 20% on high value strategic thinking Ramp flips the script. It's a free corporate card that handles all the tedious financial operations automatically so your finance team can focus on what actually moves the needle, forecasting, strategic planning, and driving growth. Also, it's super simple to switch to Ramp for new members. Ramp offers a complimentary white glove onboarding service to help you migrate from your current corporate card to start using Ramp Plus, you'll get a free metal card to use an impressive tactical upgrade. Don't wait. We use it. You should use it too. So over 25,000 businesses, including ours, trust Ramp, including Shopify and the Boys and Girls Club of America, which is why they were just named the number one spend management by G two. And now for a limited time, listeners of the show can get $250 When you join Ramp. Just go to Ramp dot com slash midas. That's Ramp RA mp.com/m E-I-D-A-S Ramp dot com slash midas cards issued by Sutton Bank.


And by the way, this was on Fox as well. You have our friend Jessica Tarlov saying, so this is to saying this to Jesse Waters and some of the worst propagandas whatcha gonna do with these people. 2 million people and Jesse Waters from Fox. Go send them to Greenland here, play this clip saying We could, we could help, we could take a few, but you're talking about 2 million people. We'll Spread 'em out. Maybe some could go to Greenland. If you wanna know, by the way, I want you to just take a look at this angle of Benjamin Netanyahu during the press conference with Donald Trump. You can see even in Netanyahu's face that like Donald Trump was saying, the quiet part out loud and Netanyahu knew that what Trump was saying was actually gonna create more problems, significantly more problems in the Middle East and Netanyahu's like, why are you saying this out loud?


I mean, this whole thing is just, again, utterly despicable. But hey, they're, they're the choir part loud. Now, watch Netanyahu's face though, as you zoom in on it. Here, play this clip. The US will take over the Gaza Strip and we will do a job with it too. We'll own it and be responsible for dismantling all of the dangerous unexploded bombs and other weapons of the site, level the site and get rid of the destroyed buildings. Level it out. Create an economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for the people of the area. Do a real job, do something different, just can't go back. If you go back, it's gonna end up the same way it has for a hundred years.


I'm hopeful that this ceasefire could be the beginning of e larger and more enduring piece that will end the bloodshed and killing once and for all with the same goal in mind. My administration has been moving quickly to restore trust in the alliance and rebuild American strength throughout the region, and we've really done that. We're a respected nation, And then some more news to report folks. Whereas once upon a time, we used to boycott South Africa for apartheid. Now the Magar Republicans and their Secretary of State Magar Republican, Marco Rubio and Donald Trump's authoritarian regime, they're currently boycotting South Africa for being unfair to the white South Africans that's being championed by Elon Musk.


We are now withdrawing from the G 20 summit in Johannesburg, South Africa. This shouldn't really shock you from an authoritarian regime here in the United States. The Trump authoritarian regime that has now sought to disband the CIA disband the fbi, I and the FBI's Counter-Terrorism Division, disband and destroy USA de Disband and destroy the Department of Education. The Department of Labor, destroy all of our alliances, threaten Canada with annexation, threaten Mexico, engage in a trade war with China, then blocked all parcels inbound from China, and then Donald Trump chickened out and then said he backed down to China.


But we still have tariffs against China. Donald Trump attacking the eu. So was it really a shock that Marco Rubio would withdraw the United States from the G 20 summit? But Marco Rub, Russia is cheering right now. Marco Rubio, secretary Rubio goes, I will not attend the G 20 summit in Johannesburg. South Africa's doing very bad things. It's like Elon Musk writing this for them right here. Expropriating private property using G 20 to promote solidarity, equality and sustainability. In other words, DEI and climate change. My job is to advance America's national interest, not waste taxpayer money or coddle anti-Americanism folks, we have an authoritarian, disgusting, and despicable regime here in the United States of America.


We call them out. We are starting to see protests take place across the country and throughout the world. Then I think we're gonna see those grow and grow in response to this crass corruption, this authoritarian, totalitarian, disgusting stuff, everything, DEI, this DEI, this, these people are morons, authoritarianism meets Idiocracy. Our enemies are laughing, our allies are horrified. America is alone in the world weaker than ever because of Donald Trump and the despicable spineless mags who support this stuff. Thanks for watching.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.