
Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean honestly. When I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C. Details


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. An all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply,


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


So now Donald Trump is tanking the US auto industry shares and the big auto manufacturers are down significantly on the threat of the Trump tariffs. 25% on Mexico and Canada. An additional 10% on China that Trump says will be imposed on day one. This post stood out to me. So here's the sequence of events, I guess of the white auto worker, Trump voter, be a white auto worker, have Democrats help secure historic contracts for you have Trump say your job could be done by children, and that you are picketing for the wrong reasons.


You vote for Trump, you get promised Trump tariffs, which he lies to you and claim is a tax on the foreign country, which it's not. You lose your job. And historic pension benefits. The headline there was General Motors shares extend their decline to about 7.9%. And so Donald Trump threatened tariffs. And then Claudia Scheinbaum, the president of Mexico, threatened retaliatory tariffs. And in her letter to Donald Trump, she pointed out that General Motors and other major US auto manufacturers are or have major factories in Mexico.


And so you're only gonna be screwing your own companies. Get to more of that in a moment. We also have a bunch of things happening right now. So number one, it's the Trump tariffs and retaliatory tariffs threatened by Mexico and potentially Canada and China as well. You also have, and we reported on this earlier as well, the oil tycoons who supported Donald Trump when they were saying drill, baby drill. Well, they've now confessed that actually the supply of oil actually exceeds the demand. And as we had previously reported under the Biden administration, there was more oil production than ever in the history of the United States.


And we were energy independent. And also from a geological perspective, we pretty much have searched most of the areas where you can drill, baby drill. So all of this claim, there are gonna be millions and more barrels that are gonna be extracted each day was always a lie. But here's now what the oil companies want to do. They want to make sure that Donald Trump kills the electric vehicle industry, kill all EVs, kill any kind of tax rebate programs, just kill EVs. Why? Because you can then artificially, their view inflate the demand for oil to match the supply and they can make record profits if you take away future, the future of of automobiles, which is ev.


And so many of the, the, the new manufacturing plants that we've seen pop up in Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin elsewhere, have been based on the growth of EV in America, leading the world in that. so you see general motor shares down as well. You see Stellantis shares down as well. So what I just referenced over here, Trump throwing American auto workers under the bus already and why Harold Ham and oil billionaire has been discussing the 7,500 credit with Trump transition team. The growth of electric vehicles poses a threat to the oil and gas industry.


And even though there's been more, again, oil drilling under Biden than in the history of the United States and far more than under the first Trump administration, they want Congress to repeal the 7,500 electric vehicle tax credit. Here, Steve Ratner reports researchers estimate that if Trump succeeds in repealing the electric vehicle tax credits, e vehicle sales could drop 27%. A major disruption to the American auto industry, which has invested heavily in the switch to electric, which also meant more jobs. America was leading the world in that.


There's another article right here. Three Auto Stocks sliding On Trump Tariff Concerns Shares of Ford General Motors and Stellantis are all moving lower today. So all of those kind of Trump auto workers, And I know a lot of people were wearing like the fake auto worker sorts, but a lot of auto workers voted for Donald Trump against their interests, against their union, against their own contracts. You're likely going to be laid off a higher probability of being laid off and also any, any idea that you're gonna get protection from the National Labor Relations Board, the NLRB. Look, Elon Musk two weeks ago was arguing with Jeff Bezos in front of the Supreme Court, rather in front of the Fifth Circuit.


Eventually they're gonna take it to the Supreme Court that the National Labor Relations Board doesn't even have authority to adjudicate cases that it really shouldn't even exist. So what do you think the Trump policy's gonna be on the National Labor Relations Board where it was created by FDR was a forum for your grievances. Just going back to this article, the auto sector is taking a hit today after Donald Trump announced his late of tariff plans, which include the 25% tariff on goods from Mexico and Canada. Higher than the proposed blanket tariff of up to 20% in all imports. Investors are considering the interdependence of the auto industry throughout North America, particularly the sale of auto parts through complex supply chains.


Today we're taking a look at how the Detroit Big three are faring after the news and they are down significant percentages. Also European automakers who also have big presences in United States in various states, their suffering as well and they may have to shut down their factories. Also what isn't talked about a lot, but but should 'cause this is all interrelated. 'cause if the the auto parts get more expensive, guess what also has to rise Auto insurance because the insurance claims will be more expensive. So auto insurance goes up, which means your rates go up.


So I did a previous video about how mortgage rates are now going up because of the Trump tariffs, but auto insurance is gonna go up as well. This is from Bloomberg Business. Auto Insurance is poised to become even more expensive under Donald Trump's plan to impose new tariffs on top US trading partners. Here's the story. About 60% of replacement parts to fix cars in the US are imported. So that will be impacted by the tariffs. Trump announced more tariffs on US trading partners this week. Auto insurance is poised to become even more expensive under President-elect Donald Trump's plan to impose new tariffs on the top US trading partners.


That's the thing dude. These are our partners. These are our allies. So Trump's day one move is let's screw Canada and Mexico. Our top trading partners goes on to say about 60% of replacement parts used to repair cars in the US are imported mainly from Mexico, China, and Canada. Said Bob passed smore a vice president for the American Property Casualty Insurance Association. New tariffs would increase the cost of parts, which account for about 40% of the average total repair bills borne by insurers and would prompt them to eventually increase rates. He said a broad tariff on auto parts would create a problem.


It would definitely have an impact passed more said in in an interview. Ultimately, the cost of claims is the primary driver of what we pay for insurance. In 2023, the average premium jumped about 20% on average. According to the Insurance Information Institute, we've dealt with inflation and auto parts and skilled labor since the supply chain tightening during Covid, which Donald Trump was responsible for. Jerry Fedor, director of finance insurance trade policy of R Street said those sub-components of inflation have abated only recently. But we can expect now that the ripple effects from potential tariffs could weigh even more on the budgets of car owners.


As long repair times may force them to rent vehicles. Sometimes a lot of people don't carry rental reimbursement coverage and so they pay for those out of their own pocket. So expect the rates to go up there as well.


Prizepicks is the best way to get action on sports in over 30 states, including California, Florida, Georgia, and Texas. Prizepicks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy so that your lineups stay in play even if one of your players gets injured. If your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return, price picks keeps your lineup live price picks puts their members first. So all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. That's huge. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. when you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Price picks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday Prizepicks discounts Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83 and a half yards next week. Lamar Jackson passed for more than one and a half touchdowns. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on Prizepicks. Prizepicks is the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off, which ones are? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long. On Prizepicks. This week on Prizepicks, I'm looking at the football board and selecting Jamar Chase for more than 79 and a half receiving yards. And Patrick Mahomes for more than one and a half passing touchdowns. Let's see how I do. Download the app today and use code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's right. Just download the app today and use code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Price pick. Run your game.


I previously reported how the president of Mexico, Claudia Scheinbaum, wrote a letter to Donald Trump warning that they'll impose retaliatory tariffs. Here's what she says specifically about automakers. She goes, for every tariff there will be a response in kind until we put at risk our shared enterprise. You see what she's saying there? That's the threat for every tariff there will be a response in kind until we put at risk our shared response. You screw us, we're screwing you. We're gonna go right back at you. She goes say yes. Shared. For instance, among Mexico's Maine, exporters to the United States are General Motors, stellantis and Ford, which arrived in Mexico 80 years ago, 80 years ago.


Why impose a tariff that would jeopardize them? Such a measure would be unacceptable and would lead to inflation and job losses in both the United States and Mexico. Here's this guy right here who you've seen the, the MAGA host on M-S-N-B-C here. One of the things, his name is Joe Kieran. One of the things that he's saying too now, he's like, don't a lot of things have to now fall into place the right way if we don't wanna get inflation to go back up right now. I mean this was Donald Trump's biggest champion. Listen to what he's saying here. Here play this clip. You Think that with all these different crosscurrents that that were, you know, tariffs were announced or on day one he is gonna try and do some of these things.


Yeah. But did you read what he announced and why? I think this is very important. Yeah, with immigration and fentanyl and immigration, And, I. Got it. So what are you saying with all these? I'm just wondering and with, you know, and Scott Besson said he is gonna, yeah, get the tax cuts extended and do the tax, no tax on tips. Do all those things don't, a lot of things have to go right for us not to reignite inflation and scare the bond market and wouldn't you? I'm surprised the bond market keeps, it's very strange. A 10 year yield keeps going down because it's supposed to be at 5% by now from fear of Trump. No, think Of this. One of the things we've also seen throughout the past four years or, or even before, but it's just the, the lies that are used.


Let me just show you the anatomy here of some of the ways that the MAGA Republicans used to attack EVs. But you're ultimately attacking Americas 'cause you're attacking workers at EV plants by lying. So this is just a total lie. This post by Michael Rowley. 'cause these lies just spread like wildfire on Twitter. Pete Buttigieg will leave his post as transportation secretary having spent $7.5 billion to build eight EV charging stations. So then Don Junior goes, does not seem like a great return on investment, but hey, checked a woke box. So it's totally worth it. So now that spreads like wildfire, right? Like that's everywhere.


That becomes the story. So Pete Buttigieg has to respond. Secretary of Transportation, okay, that tweet is false. Like that's just a lie. So then Elon Musk chimes in and goes, well, please post the rebuttal then community notes will take care of the rest. In other words, once the lie spreads, then you disprove the lie and then we'll put a community note once. All right, wing media has MeMed it and Fox has talked about it and everyone's talking about it. So Pete Buttigieg responds, he goes to start with 7.5 billion has not been spent nor anything like that. That's the entire program budget for the NEVI program, which is to help build out the National Charging Network by 2030.


Secondly, there are chargers now operational in nine states, which does not mean nine chargers. To be clear, these are only the first handful, though most are to be built in the second half of the decade 'cause it's a plan through 2030 third. In this program, the Chargers are built by the states, not the federal government. And while it takes time to get a novel multi-billion dollar program growing across 50 states, the states are on track for anyone interested in this program and where the charges are going, here is further data and a map. And then Elon Musk responds, oh, this is helpful to understand. But meanwhile, there was just a total attack on the EV industry.


Let me leave you with some of these images right here. This is what President Biden posted back on November 13th, 2023. Instead of lower wages, the United Auto Workers won record gains instead of fewer jobs, the United Auto Workers won a commitment for a thousand more jobs. Instead of less involvement and investment, the United Auto Workers encouraged American automakers to invest $40 billion in the American auto industry. It is a big deal. Biden walked on the picket lines. In contrast, Donald Trump paid $20,000 to a non-union shop and pretended it was a union shop and had people who weren't even auto workers wear shirts that say auto workers for Trump.


But nonetheless, it worked. There was a lot of auto workers who voted for Trump against their own interests. And we're seeing that now. But I'll leave you with this. Sean Fain, the president of the United Auto Workers Union, and here's what he has to say. He says, Donald Trump is a scab and doesn't know shit about the auto industry. Listen to what President Sean Fayne had to say, play this clip. That's right. You know, every time Donald Trump gets a chance, he trashes our union and he trashes the working class. He comes to Michigan, he talks about he's gonna bring back the auto industry.


Let me tell you something, Donald Trump doesn't know shit about the auto industry. You know, so I I leave you with that. It is, it's wild to me that people would literally vote against their jobs. But you know, we're, we're seeing it now. I don't, I don't take pride in in that. I don't want to gloat just the reality. Anyway, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let oo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@oo.com. That's o doo.com.