
The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited premium wireless. How bid to get 30. 30 bid? To get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020. They get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 front for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slows full terms. At mint mobile.com.


Donald Trump's worst nightmare is here as vice President Kamala Harris is now beating him in poll after poll, after poll, after poll in national polls, in battleground state polls, Donald Trump is sending some of the weirdest emails to people on his listserv emails like the following, Donald Trump sends, I canceled all of my plans. Ben, can we please take a trip together? So this is what Donald Trump is sending people who he believes to be his supporters. I subscribe to this list so you don't have to look how creepy and weird this is. Donald Trump goes crooked.


Kamala Cozies up to liberal billionaires. But I'd rather spend time with you. So I went ahead and set up a special trip for the two of us to get some quality time together. We'll have an amazing dinner. We'll talk about my plan of attack to out raise dangerously liberal Kamala, and at the end of it all, oh stop right there. We'll take a picture so we can remember this day forever. I couldn't think of anyone else I'd rather share this experience with than you. I've even canceled everything on my calendar just to make this happen. Well, like Shady Vance, you didn't really do a good job vetting me then, Donald, because I'm the guy who co-hosts the show.


Who labeled you with the guy who labeled you Von Chitin pants. Okay, we run the biggest pro democracy network in the world where we expose you each and every day. But perhaps it would be a me a memorable photo. Donald Trump then writes the following attention. Exclamation point. Deep state Democrats just spit on maga Ben. Are you seeing this? It's a full blown revolt. They're gonna do this to hijack their own party. Imagine what the American hating liberal billionaire class will do next. By the way, the about $300 million that vice President Kamala Harris has raised, most of that money has come from small dollar donors like in Atlanta, Georgia, where Vice President Kamala Harris filled up an entire stadium of people who were enthusiastic to make sure that you, Donald Trump, get nowhere near any proximity to power.


And it's so wonderful knowing now that you've been labeled a creepy weirdo, how much that's getting to your head. Laura Ingrahams trying to repair your reputation, but she's only, and you're only making it worse. Like when you went on and you're like, like Kamala's weird. I'm not the weird one. She's the weird one. Here, play this clip. I had a nice seven iron right next to the pin. Biden wouldn't do that. He couldn't hit the ball 15 yards. I mean, what is this? Just playing weird. Listen, American family's weird. The Whole thing is a con jobb just playing weird. You know who's playing weird? She's playing weird. She's a weird person. Look at her past, look at what she does and look at what she used to say about herself.


And I won't get into it. What she used to say and who she was compared to what she said. Starting at about 2016, she Be, you see Donald Vice President Kamala Harris's delivery of this is much more authentic than yours because the problem is, is that you are the weirdo. You can't run from the label 'cause you're the weirdo. This is Vice President Kamala Harris when she gave her speech in Atlanta, Georgia, to a packed, enthusiastic house. You watch this clip Says, so the momentum in this race is shifting, and there are signs that Donald Trump is feeling it.


You may have noticed. So last week, you may have seen he pulled out of the debate in September. He had previously agreed to. So, so, so here's the thing here. Here's the funny thing about that. Here's the funny thing about that. So he won't debate, but he and his running mate sure seem to have a lot to say about me. And by the way, don't you find some of their stuff to just be plain weird? Yeah.


And by the way, Donald Trump keeps sending message after message after message. I get it. I get it. Donald Trump on the Laura Ingram interview is also like, I don't do pronouns. I don't wa I'm too, I'm too alpha for pronouns. Let's here, watch this Live. Kamala Harrison, her Twitter bio, which I never noticed until this morning, states her pronouns as she slash her. What are your pronouns? I have no, I don't want pronouns. I don't want pronouns. I saw that. So you're fluid. What is that? Nobody even knows what that means. Ask her to describe exactly what that means. Well, what is that? Why, why are people doing that? Nobody knows. Well, what is that then? Donald Trump's like, I'm not the threat to democracy.


There's the, they're the threat to democracy. Watch this, this interview with Laura Ingram is wild dear play this clip. I'm the opposite of a threat to democracy. They're a threat to democracy. While all of that's happening, then you got JD Vance who giving a speech in Nevada, and JD Vance is out there talking about couches. I kid you not, it's like JD Vance. Just don't say couches. Don't say what? Just don't jd jd. Just don't say couches. Go. Just go and do your shtick. JD Van said, couches here, play this clip. Now, I would call her up here to come and speak that. Then I, I think I'd have to sleep on the couch tonight, so I'll leave her alone.


But here's the video we made at the Midas Dutch network after JD Vance. Talked about couches and his wife making him sleep on the couch here, play this clip. Now I would call her up here to come and speak, but then I, I think I'd have to sleep on the couch tonight. So I think I'd have to sleep on the couch tonight. So I think I'd have to sleep on the couch tonight. So, By the way, more video and audio from JD Vance talking about cabals of Cat Ladies has emerged. It's like every day we wake up, we're like, all right, what are we learning about JD today?


Here play this Clip right there. There's just these basic cadences of life that I think are really powerful and really, really valuable when you have kids in your life. And the fact that so many people, especially in America's leadership class, just don't have that in their lives. You know, I, I worry that it makes people more sociopathic and ultimately our whole country a little bit less a, a less mentally stable. And of course, you talk about going on Twitter. Final point I'll make is you, you go on Twitter and almost always, the people who are most deranged and most psychotic are people who don't have kids at home. Yes, folks, we're definitely at the point where we're talking about the lettuce or jd, who is going to stick it out longer?


JD iss. JD is so done. It is wild and awesome to see. Lemme go, go back to Vice President Kamala Harris's speech in Atlanta, Georgia. Here she is calling out Donald Trump. Play this clip. So the momentum in this race is shifting, and there are signs that Donald Trump is feeling it. You may have noticed. So last week, you may have seen he pulled out of the debate in September. He had previously agreed to.


So, so, so here's the thing here. Here's the funny thing about that. Here's the funny thing about that. So he won't debate, but he and his running mate should seem to have a lot to say about me. And by the way, don't you find some of their stuff to just be plain weird? Well, Donald, I do hope you'll reconsider to meet me on the debate stage, because as the saying goes, if you've got something to say, Say it.


So you may assume that you're getting everything your body needs from your diet or simple green juice. But you know what? I recently discovered that most people, including myself, are still short on essential nutrients. Our bodies need to function at our best. So I've been taking Momentous, creatine Omega-3 and protein daily to ensure that all my bases are covered. You see the pep in my step lately. Those three supplements support nearly every aspect of my foundational health from aiding my cognitive function to reducing inflammation in my muscles and joints, just to name a few. My Momentous daily protocol has become a staple in my health routine, makes the perfect addition to other wellness products that are part of my toolkit. Supplements can feel like a dirty word in navigating the space can be daunting due to the lack of trust and transparency. But what I've come to learn is that I can trust Momentous, which makes the decision easier. My trust is in Momentous because of their dedication to working with the best, from their collaboration with experts to their unparalleled commitment to only using the highest quality ingredients. They also heavily invest in third party testing, holding their products to the standard set by the most demanding organizations in the world, including the NFL and the NBA, ensuring that what's on the label is what's in the product and absolutely nothing else. They call it the Momentous standard, which is really the industry's leading standard in quality. There's a reason why the world's best athletes and experts use and help develop Momentous products. And there's a reason I love it. So if you are like me and you want to take supplements that are made by and used by the best in the world, go to live Momentous dot com and use the code Midas Touch to get up to 20% off your first order. That's live, L-I-V-E-M-O-M-E-N-T-O-U s.com. Use the code, Midas Touch, that's live Momentous dot com. Use the code Midas Touch.


On the other hand, JD Vance couldn't figure out how to work his microphone during the speech. Play this clip. Now I have seen the consequences. Quincy And, then JD Vance kept on having all of these cognitive glitches.


It was, it was really cringey to watch. And as I said, if, if he wasn't such a horrible person harming so many people, I'd like feel bad for, he's such a pathetic individual. But here he is again. Here's jd. Play the clip. Do we wanna defund the police? Do you wanna de do you want to ban fracking? No. So do we want a dangerous liberal, liberal like Kamala Harris, A photo of JD that I've seen floating around the internet as well? By the way, as as this one account points out, this rapper, Quavo and Megan Thee Stallion, who are posting on their social media, their social media reach alone.


Quavo has 33.4 social media followers. Megan Thee stallion, 70.9 million social media followers. So when they post from today's or yesterday's Atlanta event, it's gonna reach more key target voters than all TV ads combined. Just think about that right there. And, and again, Donald Trump really can't handle this at all. It's all turning against him. Let me just share with you this one more clip right here, though, of Vice President Kamala Harris, just kind of rubbing it in here. Play this clip and We are not going back because ours is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom.


And we are witnessing a full on assault on hard fought, hard won freedoms and rights. The freedom, the freedom to vote, the freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom to live without fear of bigotry and hate. The freedom to love who you love openly. And with pride, the freedom to learn and acknowledge our true and full history, and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own Body and not have her government tell her what to do.


Ours is a fight for the future and for freedom. And I don't have to tell folks in Atlanta that generations of Americans before us led the fight for freedom. And now the baton is in our hands, each and every one of us. And we love our country. We love our country, and I believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country.


And so we who believe in the sacred freedom to vote will finally pass the Freedom to Vote Act and the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act. We who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will finally pass universal background text, Red Flag Laws, And an assault weapons ban. We who believe in reproductive freedom will stop Donald Trump's extreme abortion bans.


And when Congress passes a law to restore reproductive freedoms as president of the United States, I will sign it into law. I'm not sure if you've seen this. This is the one of the first main ads Vice President Kamala Harris has rolled out. Play this clip On the border. The choice is simple. Kamala Harris supports increasing the number of border patrol agents. Donald Trump blocked a bill to increase the number of border patrol agents. Kamala Harris supports investing in new technology to block fentanyl from entering the country. Donald Trump blocked funding for technology to block fentanyl from entering the country.


Kamala Harris supports spending more money to stop human traffickers. Donald Trump blocked money to stop human traffickers. Kamala Harris prosecuted transnational gang members and got them sentenced to prison. Trump is trying to avoid being sentenced to prison. There's two choices in this election, the one who will fix our broken immigration system, and the one who's trying to stop her In hat Tip two Republican Accountability Project. They prepared this, this short that they call Donald Trump. And JD Vans are very weird. Play the Clip. Donald Trump has been resorting to some wild lies and some of what he and his running make are saying, well, it's just plain weird, Weird, weird and weird.


Weird. If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her. Oh, it's so weird. When he's on stage, he like goes over to the flag and he like hugs the flag. But it's a weird thing he does. Weird, weird JD v's. Comments about childless cat ladies is just plain weird. We are effectively run in this country by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives in the choices that they've made. Donald Trump, just plain weird JD Vance, he has this idea that you should get extra votes if you have kids. Let's give votes to all children in this country. But let's give control over those votes to the parents of those children. He's been defined as weird, weird, weird.


I love you guys. Weird, weird, weird, weird is the word here. If you have a windmill anywhere near your house, they say the noise causes cancer. Her and her husband have been calling you. Weird, weird. Look, I, I love my wife so much. Obviously she's not a white person. It's weird, weird, weird. That is weird behavior. I had a Die Mountain Dew yesterday and one today. I'm sure they're gonna call that racist too. Vote To keep America sane, not strange, no weirdos in the White House. I love you guys. Well, that's what we got for now. We'll keep you updated With more hit subscribe.


Let's get to 3 million subs together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.