
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler


Dr. Power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


All hell broke loose yesterday with Donald Trump's behavior, which began at West Point where he gave a disastrous commencement speech that I covered in detail. But here's what our editor-in-chief Ron Kowski said about that disastrous speech. West Point grads got rambling advice today on selecting a trophy wife after their second divorce from a draft dodger in a red campaign hat before he hauled his ass off to play golf. There was nothing normal about that speech as Donald Trump ranted that he thought stealth technology was bad. He talked about second trophy wives.


He said that Qatar and the UAE said that the United States was so hot and that's what Donald Trump wanted to tell the West Point grads at the commencement speech. He said that he needs to send the army to the US border. He attacked transgender soldiers. He defamed former President Obama and former President Biden with respect to the former Obama. He said that he handed off to the Russians hypersonic technology. And as you were watching this, you saw that the Army grads were like forced to clap and they didn't know what to do. They knew that the behavior by Donald Trump would get them, court marshed would get them kicked out in a minute.


They knew that was not leadership, but they were stuck there as Donald Trump wore his red cap. One thing I want to note though is how corporate news tried to normalize that behavior. And it's why growing the Midas Touch Network I think is just so important. So please make sure you subscribe right now and turn your notifications on. Like I want you to meet Jennifer Dooley, she's a writer for Bloomberg. Bloomberg, right? Which, you know, I like some of their business reporting and I like their podcast reporting at Bloomberg. Here was her take, this was her coverage. Just so you see what's going down. She goes, some of President Trump's advice to West Point grads today.


Do what you love. Think big, work hard and never give up. Don't lose your momentum. Have the courage to take risks and do things differently. Never lose your faith in America. And by the way, I went and looked at her previous posts and sure enough, she's someone who likes to repost the Trump propaganda, like literally reposting it. She reposts the Rapid response 47 account where they have Kevin Hassett, the National Economic Council advisor for Donald Trump who's lied about everything when the rapid response goes wrong. Not only did Director Hassett not say this, POTUS has been clear it all has to change, but especially with China exclamation points.


Oh, what do you mean, Jennifer? How Donald Trump completely caved and capitulated to China. He put 145% tariffs on China around that date that you reposted the rapid response. Well, is that what journalists are supposed to do? Just repost the rapid response 47 accounts. Then he withdrew the 145% tariffs and made him 30% tariffs, which are still crushing American corporations. So let me just show you what went down. Let me come out with the receipts. I did a longer video on this, so I'm just gonna show you a few videos right now. But take a look as just people in the crowd like are forced to clap as Donald Trump says something about the armed forces should not be hosting drag shows.


I don't even know what the hell he's talking about and neither did the army grads here play this clip. The job of the US Armed forces is not to host drag shows to transform foreign cultures, but to spread democracy to everybody around the world at the point of a gun. The military's job is to dominate any foe and annihilate any threat to America, anywhere, anytime, and any place.


Now, one of my friends who is a veteran said the following, Donald Trump could have farted into the microphone at the West Point speech and it would've had made more sense than the garbage he was spewing. He should be talking about the new path they are on and how there are brand new lieutenants in the class that will wear stars one day. Nope. He talks about trophy wives and yachts. I thought it was important to give you that perspective from a veteran who shared that with me. I'm, here's when Donald Trump talks about the trophy wives. So you can see play this clip Company and he had nothing to do. He ended up getting a divorce, found a new wife.


Could you say a trophy wife? I guess we can say a trophy wife. It didn't work out too well, but it doesn't, And that doesn't work out too well. I must tell you. A lot of trophy wives doesn't work out, but it made him happy for a little while at least. But he found a new wife, he sold his little boat and he got a big yacht. He had one of the biggest yachts anywhere in the world. And here's where he talks about the quote stealth thing. Play this clip. And I've approved a $1 trillion investment And that will be, again, the largest ever in the history of our country.


And we are buying you new airplanes, brand new beautiful planes. Redesigned planes, brand new planes, totally stealth planes. I hope they're stealth. I don't know that whole stealth thing. I'm sort of wondering, you mean if we shape a wing this way? They don't see it, but the other way they see it. I'm not so sure, but that's what they tell me. As Anna Bauer pointed out as well, yesterday spotted in Kansas City, Missouri is the Patriot Front, a white nationalist hate group holding its annual Memorial Day march in front of the National World War I Museum and Memorial. They wore masks carried shields and flags as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski, right?


So for the past four years, MAGA said that the Patriot Front was an FBI false flag operation. So does that now mean that Cash Patel, who's the FBI director and Dan Bonino are the ones who actually sent these guys out. All of this was going on. Marjorie Taylor Greene picked a fight yesterday with grok grok Elon Musk's AI for Twitter, now known as X. She literally started yelling at grok online. She goes, at grok, the judgment seat belongs to God, not you. A non-human AI platform. Grok is left leaning and continues to spread fake news and propaganda.


When people give up their own discernment, stop seeking the truth and depend on AI to AI to analyze information, they will be lost and she's spending her day attacking grok. And then Grok responds. Marjorie Taylor Greene identifies as a Christian expressing faith in Jesus and traditional beliefs like in her 2021 Christmas message. However, her Christian nationalism and support for conspiracy theories like Q Anon spark debate. Critics including religious leaders, argue her actions contradict Christian values of love and unity. Citing her defensive January 6th and divisive rhetoric supporters may see her stances as faith-driven. Whether she's really a Christian is subjective, depending on personal and theological views, her faith appears genuine to her.


But public actions create controversy.


By the way, I used Ground News to dig up that story as well. You know, that's the research tool that I use here on the minus Touch network to bring you a lot of my reporting. And there was only one right-leaning source that actually talked about this. The rest were left-leaning sources or kind of center sources. And just funny that like the right wing didn't wanna touch that or cover that at all. And that's why I like Ground News. It lets you burst out of your own political bubble. By the way, I think Ground News is essential for the work that I do. So if you go to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code, we're gonna give our viewers 40% off right now. The Ground News top tier vantage plan, which will get you unlimited access to everything I've shown you here and more Ground News is subscriber funded. So they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias. Subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep the media transparent. That's Ground News slash mtn, Ground News slash mtn or scan the QR code and get that 40% off ground News's top tier vantage plan.


Donald Trump sending the following emails out like the scammer con artist piece of vile fell in trash that he is. He goes, Ben, question mark. This is what he sends to people on his list there. Message from Donald J. Trump. Ben, this is your personal email, right? I I, I need to make sure you're receiving my messages. Confirm receipt please. Can you just imagine like the supporters of his on this email getting this like, oh my God, Donald. Then you click it and he begs you for money. The grift continues, then he sends an email an hour later. It's like email, email, email, email from this guy. This is a test from Trump. Okay, then you click it testing. Is this working? I want to make sure my emails are reaching you, Ben.


And then you click it and then he asks for money. Lemme just show, you know, is Donald Trump, I reported on this yesterday, attacks the company Apple. He caused Apple to lose $80 billion of its market cap by attacking Apple and saying he wanted to put tariffs on Apple. I mean, does he think that Apple is a a country? Okay, anyway, apple defies Trump and decides that it's still going to be expanding its manufacturing in India. Foxconn, one of the biggest, the biggest manufacturer for the Apple iPhones is continuing its plan to go from 15% of iPhone manufacturing in the world to 25% with a new plan.


At this point, Trump is viewed as such a clownish, pathetic, weak character. No one even takes what he says. Seriously, it's worse than the boy who cried wolf. It's the felon sexual abuser fraud who cried maga. The Philippines may cut their US treasury holdings after Moody's downgraded the credit. We're looking at it, the Philippines, one of the Philippines leaders said, we, we may not hold onto US treasuries anymore based on the volatility of Donald Trump. I think this is an interesting data point as well as Donald Trump unleashes hell in the United States. A record number of Americans applied for British citizenship in the first three months of this year.


And for the right to live and work in Britain indefinitely according to official data. You know, and people just see the way we're treating our own citizens here. I mean, take a look at this story right here of Leonardo Garcia Vejas, 25 years old. He had a real Id got the new real ID citizen, social Security ice kidnapped him. He told Notius Telemundo that authorities took his id, his real ID from his wallet, told him it was fake, handcuffed him and detained him in Foley, Alabama at the work site, a United States citizen.


And I've shared for you the stories of Jimena, the 19-year-old Georgia College student who was put in a detention center for weeks after she was stopped by ice. We've told you the stories about the Burmese National who was sent to South Sudan in violation of a court order. You know the stories like Abrego Garcia and others, but you have the Trump regime just disappearing human beings in the United States of America. So no wonder you see a 25% drop in European tourism, and I think that's growing to be even more than that. Canada, I think it's 50 to 75% drop in tourism to the United States, Australia elsewhere.


People aren't coming here because why would you want to deal with this crap? Also, our airports are an absolute mess. The flight delays, because our transportation secretaries main qualifications for the job was that he was on the real world in the nineties and the Real World Road Rules challenge. And he makes posts of himself talking about hashtag Latino wife, making him Asada tacos. That's what he spends his time doing. While you have dog killer cosplay, Christy Nome, not knowing what a writ of habeas corpus is and saying that the writ of habeas corpus is a way that a president can deport people without due process, literally the opposite of what Tabias corpus is.


You've got RFK junior spreading anti-vax messaging over and over again. You've got Dr. Raz banning people under the age of 65 from getting COVID booster shots in the future, literally preventing Americans from getting vaccines. You've got the MAGA Republicans in Congress adding five to $6 trillion in debt. Horrible stuff. But that's just another day in the Trump regime where all hell is breaking loose and you could judge for yourself. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. And as always, thank you so much for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All that store job, Midas touch.com.