
As President Biden is traveling to swing states with a very aggressive schedule. Let's take a look at what Donald Trump is saying, doing in posting, and let's compare it to what President Biden's been saying doing in posting. So Donald Trump posts the following. It's a repost of an account called Spiritual Street Fighter 17, and it says, we stand united with DJT. This is what Donald Trump is reposting. Let's take a look at this account. Oh, it says 1776. Again, I'm a proud American. I believe in Q oh Q Anon, the Great Awakening WW G one WGAO.


It's Donald Trump spending the day amplifying yet another Q Anon account. Yet you won't hear this at all from the media other than the Midas Touch network, despite the fact that it's right in front of our eyes. I guess it's not big news for the corporate media that every single day Donald Trump amplifies messages from a literal death cult that believes that Donald Trump will hold public executions on Capitol Hill. I guess that's just not a story for corporate media. But here Donald Trump amplifies a Q Anon account yet again.


He's done that over 2000 times in the past two years, and we've covered it here each and every time on the Midas Touch network. What else is Donald Trump posting about? Oh, is he whining about being found guilty of 34 separate felony counts? Yeah, that's how he's spending his time as well. Here he quotes the human events editorial board. It was rigged. Let us count the ways before it was even over. It was obvious that the trial was a contemptible joke. Nevertheless, the fact that apparently a jury in New York can convict a man for a crime whose existence befuddles, even legal experts on all counts of an indictment, which is similarly impenetrable, is not funny.


It is downright alarming. A jury found unanimously, all jurors found you were liable for falsification of business records. It was very clear what the crime was, didn't befuddle anybody. Although you now have the right wing Supreme Court that wants to rush and give you absolute immunity from all criminal conduct that you commit and also evidence against you that was related to things you did while in office. The Supreme Court wants to give you absolute immunity for, it's very obvious what your crimes were.


By the way another jury in New York found unanimously that you were liable for sexual assault. They seem to know what you engaged in there when presented with the facts. Here's what Donald Trump's posting as well. Gift from Trump. This is what he's emailing rather, I'm on his listserv. So you don't have to be gift from Trump. Do you like free stuff? I've got a gift just for Ben. I've got a mystery gift for Ben. I'm truly grateful for the tremendous support from MAGA the first time we offered this mystery gift last week. So just because I love you, I'm offering a completely new mystery gift right now.


I mean, think about it. This person is the leader of the Republican Party. He spent the day amplifying Q Anon accounts, and I showed you that whining about being found guilty of felonies and sending emails saying, because I love you, I am giving you a new mystery gift. And it says, do you like free stuff? And then it says, you've always loved me, and it says, I love you. So here's a special offer just for you claim the mystery gift, which is supposed to be free, but then when I click it, I have to pay Donald Trump $500 or $200 if I want this mystery gift.


Then Donald Trump also says, thanks for everything. Will you please endorse me after my official sentencing day was delayed? I need to know. And then he sends this one, cops, cops, cops. He says, Democrats hate the police, but not me. So I want you to have my limited edition thin blue line maga. So let me just completely lie. Say Democrats hate the cops even though Donald Trump sent Insurrectionists to kill and maim and harm cops on the January 6th insurrection. And then let me grift off of it by selling MAGA hats, by saying Democrats hate the police in emails after I post Q anon memes and say, I love you.


I love you. I mean some deranged stuff there. Now compare that By the way to what is President Biden saying, doing and posting. President Biden posts the following. He goes, I've never been more optimistic about the future of our country. President Biden writes, there has never been more at stake. We are going to win this election and beat Donald Trump. President Biden also posts the following. He goes, I beat Trump in 2020. I'm going to beat him again in 2024. Here's the video that President Biden posted on his account. Play this clip. I keep seeing all those stories about I'm being too old.


I wasn't too old to create over 15 million new jobs to make sure 21 million Americans are insured under the Affordable Care Act to beat big farmers, lower the cost of 35 per and relieve student debt for nearly 5 million Americans. Too Old to put the first black woman on the Supreme Court in the United States of America. Signed most significant gun safety law in 30 years, passed the biggest climate bill in the history of the world. So let ask you, what do you think? You think I'm too old or restore Roe v. Wade to law the land if I'm too old to ban assault weapons again, if think I'm too old to beat Donald Trump, this race was about our freedom.


It's about our democracy, it's about the very soul of America. Are we prepared to fight for that? Yeah, I know I'm and I'll,


Most clothes are uncomfortable or too tight or never actually the size you really are. Not to mention the annoyance of trying to put a good outfit together. Everyone wants to dress their best and look good at all times because frankly, it's a confidence booster. So here's the deal. Men's closets were due for a radical reinvention and Ronan stepped up to the challenge. Ronan's commuter collection is the most comfortable, breathable, and flexible set of products known to man. And here's why. Rone helps you get ready for any occasion. With the commuter collection which offers the world's most comfortable pans, dress shirts, quarter zips, and polos, you never have to worry about what to wear when you have the Rone commuter collection. Rohn's comfortable four-way stretch fabric provides breathability and flexibility that leaves you free to enjoy what life throws your way from your commute to work to your 18 holes of golf, it's time to feel confident again without the hassle. With Rons wrinkle release technology wrinkles disappear as you stretch and wear the products. It's that easy. And with gold fusion, anti odor technology, you'll be smelling fresh and clean all day long. And on top of that, Rone is 100% machine washable so you can ditch the dry cleaner altogether. I absolutely love Rone. It's comfortable, yet professional and has truly become my favorite clothing. We're on the move a lot. Whether it's jumping from meeting to meeting or catching a flight or doing a hot take, whatever Rone commuter collection has never let me down. The versatility and overall comfort of the collection is undefeated. Even after I wear it all day, I still feel super fresh because of that gold fusion anti odor technology. The commuter collection can get you through any workday and straight into whatever comes next. Head to rone.com/midas and use that promo code Midas to save 20% off your entire order. That's 20% off your entire order when you head to RHON e.com/m E-I-D-A-S. And use that code Midas. It's time to find your corner office comfort president.


Biden also posts I'm prepared to fight for it. This race is about our freedom, it's about our democracy, it's about the very soul of America. Are we prepared to fight for that? I know I am and I know I will signed President Joe Biden. Also over the weekend, president Biden gave a speech and said some powerful words at the Mount Airy Church of God in Christ in Philadelphia. Here they are cheering President Biden as he joined them during worship in the morning. Take a look at this.


Now that is very different than the purported black church Donald Trump went to in Detroit, which Donald Trump filled with white MAGA supporters who were wearing MAGA hats and chanting Donald Trump's name in a house of worship where Donald Trump then promptly left and went to an event where they had banners up at the event that he went to right after, where people were had banners and were giving out hats that say white boy summer. Just think about this, the Republican leader, Donald Trump, goes to an event where one of their main messages was white boy summer with chance of white boy, summer with white boy, summer hats with white boy, summer banners.


That's where Donald Trump went. On the other hand, you have President Biden lingering as Matt Visor rights lingering long after putting down the microphone in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, removing his jacket to continue working the rope line. Just speaking to people who were there and talking about issues, policies, what's going on in people's lives, unlike Donald Trump who goes, you know why the block community likes me because I'm indicted. And so because I am indicted. That's why black people like me. And it's like, what in the world are you even talking about? Now here's another post from President Biden right here and here.


President Biden says We have to bring back dignity and hope in America. That is my goal and that is what we're going to do. Play this clip. I believe when I ran the first time for president, I said something basic. I said, we have to bring back dignity and hope in America, number one. Number two, we have to give working class and middle class people like the family. I came from a shot and build the economy from the middle out and the bottom up, not the top down. And thirdly, we must unite America again. That's my goal. That's what we're gonna do.


God bless you All. On the other hand, you have Donald Trump just lingering around Doral, his golf club, like quite literally do, do like just doing nothing. I don't think Trump's been seen in like 10 days. He hasn't done a single event By the way. And you remember, you know Donald Trump winding at his criminal trial, oh, I want a campaign, but the criminal trial prevents me from doing it. Trump hasn't done any events in 10 days here. Here he is, right though at Dorell play this. And meanwhile, president Biden went to event after event after event. Biden has done 18 appearances in 10 days.


Donald Trump has done zero events in that same period of time. And look, I think there's a a broader conversation as well when we see what happened in France over this weekend where the center left and left parties united to stop Marina pens, right wing fascist movement, and the party that Marina nap pen was leading, which is like the French version of of their maga. And I think it was a big victory. It showed once again that the polls were wrong there.


And I think it's a lesson as well that the democracy community can unite in a common effort to stop fascism or the pro-democracy. Community can be divided at its own peril. Corporate media ain't gonna do a thing about this that should be obvious. Donald Trump can post Q Anon memes, which he did. He can whine about being a convicted felon, which he did. He can go on and just act beyond unhinged and deranged, which he did, and send messages. I love you. Do you love me? You want a mystery gift? I'll give you a mystery gift for free.


Oh wait, it's $500. But show me you love me. 'cause I love you by buying a mystery gift. And corporate media would be like, wow, that's pretty normal behavior. Oh, but By the way, did you hear President Biden? He stuttered. It's ridiculous. Folks, it is important that we roll up our sleeves, that we get out the facts, we talk about the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. And we, the people possess the power. I want you to know that. Most importantly, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Hey, Midas mighty love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day.


What are you waiting for? Follow us now out.