
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 Plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I'm William Gouge, a URI Collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to Vuori dot com slash william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


One to sharpen your aim. Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next with Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Do your job. Do your job. Do your job, do your job. So we've seen protests like that outside of maga, Republican led town halls. We've seen the protests growing across the country each week getting bigger. We've seen protests outside of Tesla, for example, as Elon Musk, doge and Trump take a wrecking ball to our economy, to social security, to Medicaid, to our federal government. Just take a look at this one. This is the Tesla protest in Boston. I'll show you a quick clip of it.


The protest spirit has been growing week by week and today, I'm sure you've all heard of it. It's the hands-off protest. It will be in Washington DC but it will be in all 50 states as well. And so as you wake up and you're watching this, there may be a hands-off protest taking place right now near you. I wanna give you all the information. We're gonna be covering this today. And of course you all know, I mean the, the, the news on Friday and Thursday, of course, this is the headline from Drudge Don crashing the markets. The Dow was down 2,231 points.


Donald Trump was then making posts bragging about crashing the market. And Americans have had enough. Americans are saying hands off. You know, it's interesting for all of our Canadian viewers, you know, the expression is elbows up in Canada and here as there's this hostile takeover of our federal government, it's hands off, it's hands off of what you're doing to social security, to Medicaid, to federal government, hands off of women's reproductive rights, hands off of treating workers like crap. And again, we are going to cover it here at the Midas Touch Network. I wanna bring in Ronna Epting, the move on executive director. Now, Rona, you are, your organization is one of many organizations that are, I'm going to be leading these peaceful protests today.


I want to give all of our viewers all the information they need to know about this. So can you tell us about today's protests and where they're happening, what this is about, and what they need to know? Yeah, happy to. Thanks for having me, Ben. Yeah, today is a big day. We've got over 1300 activations, protests, rallies, all different types of ways of folks coming out to make their voices are heard. To do exactly what you said, demand that Trump and Musk and the Republicans keep their hands off of the things that we hold so dear in this country, like social security, Medicaid, education, jobs, you know, and like stop and stop ruining our economy.


I mean it's, it's all these things that we're seeing coming out of this Trump Musk administration that are really gutting the fabric of our society, our social safety net, our economy as a whole. They're attacking our, our rights to free speech, our freedoms and folks have had enough, you saw those protests, those, those reels you just showed earlier. That's exactly the energy. It's intense, it's real, it's authentic and it's persistent. Like folks aren't going home. They're continuing to show up. And we've had over 2000 actions all across the country since Donald Trump stepped back in the white, stepped back into the White House in January.


And today is really about all of us that have been coming out to make our voice assert. We're doing it in one day together in, you know, and we've got 1300 events, ev all 50 states in some cities. Like you can go to hands off 2020 five.com and you can find an event near you. In some places, folks are trying to decide between do I go to event, event 30, 30 miles, 30 minutes away, or 10 minutes away, or five minutes away. So there is a lot happening. People are, have had enough, they're fed up, they're not gonna sit at home and they're gonna make sure that they come together in massive numbers to to to say in one voice, hands off of everything, hands off, off of our rights, our freedoms, our services, you name it.


You know, I Think about these images we've been seeing internationally to Putin backed regimes, whether it's the Victor Orban regime in Hungary. And we've seen, you know, in Budapest, you know, started out tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, and then literally millions of people in the street. We've seen that in Belgrade with the Putin backed regime there. We've seen it in Tbilisi in Georgia, country of Georgia. People there getting close to, you know, 200 days of protests against the Putin back regime there. I Think authoritarian regimes want to quash all oppositions.


Trump and Musk were talking about a shock in all plan where they wanted to capture the media, where they wanted to capture all levels of government. You think about synchronization, which was what was talked about, you know, with when, when Germany was taken over in the, in the forties, Trump wanted to take over everything kind of right away. But it seems now the resistance grows. Yeah. Each and every day. And it seems he's golfing right now. He's, he's, as he crashed the economy, he is doing Saudi backed live golf tournaments. And so it seems that it's growing. I mean, do you expect this hands off to be the start of kind of many more?


I said I Think we're gonna see a summer of democracy with protest in the millions. But to me this one today really kind of kicks off with all the energy we've seen and we sprint to that democracy summer. What are you seeing? Look, as long as Trump and Musk and Vance and Republicans and all their friends continue to threaten the lives and livelihoods and rights of the American people here in this country, people are just gonna get more and more pissed, right? So it's up to them. They can listen to the people that they're supposed to represent and take a step back and slow their role and really think about how do they wanna govern in a way that builds trust with the people of this country.


Or they can continue to steamroll forward and try to govern through fear. But one thing that's very clear, the people that are showing up, the people that are taking action, the people that are leaning and are engaged, we are not afraid. We are stronger in numbers. We're not going anywhere. This is our country too. And we're not giving up on it. So if someone's watching this right now this morning and they say, I really want to go, I, I'm, I want to get out there, I want to do something, what do they do? Where do they look up to find out if there is a hands off protest near them? Yeah, well the good news is there probably is an event near you. Go to hands off 2020 five.com and you can search for an event near you if there isn't one, there are plenty of other opportunities to take action.


We'll be organizing and supporting people to organize events during congressional recess over the month of August. And we're also beginning going to be doing other national Days of action throughout the next couple months. So please do join with us. You can also go to moveon.org, you can sign up. MoveOn is really designed to give people opportunity to take action together in timely moments. And that's kind of why we exist. We wanna help support folks, give folks information and the tools they need to make their voices heard by those that are elected to represent them. You know, it's incredible that this is a grassroots movement. People starting their own chapters, letting other people know where to go.


And I Think this is only gonna get bigger. So we, we'll be there throughout the day, you know, we'll, you know, have people embedded with you. Try to get us the content and we'll make sure we use our distribution hub here to show this country and the world what's really going on. I know a lot of people saying, we wish corporate news covered this more. We wish other people focus more on this 'cause this is big. And they feel that it's not being covered enough. Well, the good news is, is that this is a people power network that y'all helped build and we're gonna make sure we cover it here. So Rana Epting, thank you for the work in helping organize this. Thank you to all the other groups out there, the labor unions and all the other nonprofits, and all the other grassroots groups and everybody out there who is on the ground.


Y'all are the real heroes today and thank you for everything and thanks for joining us and letting us know what's going down. Thanks for having me. Happy to be here, everybody. Now. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. Keep checking throughout the day on updates about the protests. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.