
Make this new school year an opportunity for your kids to learn important life skills with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely while parents keep an eye on kids' Money Habits. Greenlight also helps families get into their fall routine with a chores feature that lets parents assign chores and pay kids allowance when they check them off. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/spotify greenlight.com/spotify.


The national leader of the Veterans of Foreign Wars just issued a scathing letter to Donald Trump, calling Trump out for Trump's abhorrent statements late last week where Donald Trump said that it was much better to receive the Presidential Medal of freedom that one of his wealthy donors, God, rather than get the Congressional Medal of Honor, which is given for gallantry and heroism in war, oftentimes given posthumously to those who serve in our military. Once again, Donald Trump attacking our veterans, attacking our military.


And here the VFW admonished Donald Trump formally in a letter, which is an incredibly rare thing for the Veterans of Foreign Wars to do VFW Admonishes former President for Medal of Honor remarks. The following is a message from VFW National Commander Alhart. On Thursday, former president Donald Trump spoke in an event where he made some flippant remarks about the Medal of Honor and the heroes who have received it in the video that has circulated online and in the media. The former president was recognizing Miriam Adelson in the audience, who he awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom during his time in office, as he described the medal as the civilian version of the Medal of Honor, he went on to opine that the Medal of Freedom was much better than the military's top award because those awarded the latter are in his words, either in very bad shape because they've been hit so many times by bullets or they're dead.


He continued by comparing Miriam to Medal of Honor recipient saying she gets it and she's healthy and a beautiful woman. They are rated equal. These asinine comments not only diminish the significance of our nation's highest award for valor, but also crassly characterizes the sacrifices of those who have risked their lives above and beyond the call of duty when a candidate to serve as our military's commander in chief. So brazenly dismisses the valor and reverence symbolized by the Medal of Honor and those who have earned it. I must question whether they would discharge their responsibilities to our men and women in uniform with the seriousness and discernment necessary for such a powerful position.


It is even more disappointing when these comments come from a man who already served in this noble office and should frankly all already know better. While the Presidential Medal of Freedom may be our nation's highest civilian award, the Medal of Honor is more sacred as it represents the gallantry and intrepid of courageousness and selfless service members, often at the cost of grievous wounds and even their lives. It's because of our Medal of Honor recipients that great Americans like Miriam Adelson, I wouldn't go that far, have the freedom to live their fullest potential and make such lasting contributions to our great nation.


We would like to remind Mr. Trump that the 12 times he had the honor of awarding the Medal of Honor as President of the United States, those were heroes not of his own choosing. He bestowed those medals on behalf of Congress representing all Americans of a grateful nation. We hold the donation of their lives in service to our country in the highest esteem, and so should he again. Very rarely have the Veterans of Foreign Wars leader issued any statements like this. I want to give you some data points. You may recall that last week you had JD Vance speak in front of the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 92.


JD Vance did not even know where he was. JD Vance said that he was at A VFA and then he had to pick up a note card to remember even who he was speaking in front of. That was one of the posts, a local chapter that is part of the Incredible Veterans of Foreign Wars organization. Here's what happened with JD Vance earlier this week. You may recall play this clip As it's great to be here. It's great to be part of VF posts, V-F-A-V-F-W post 92. I've actually got the card right here in my pocket. I'm officially a member, so this is not the last time you're gonna see me. Also, during the last week, JD Vance was asked about Donald Trump's comments where he diminished Medal of Honor recipients and attacked our veterans.


And JD Vance said that he thought that that was an okay statement for Donald Trump. JD Vance doubled down on the statement when he had the opportunity to try to clarify it or to condemn it or just say something about it. Here, play this clip. We'll do one more then. Thank You. Yeah, thank you. Senator. I wanted to ask you, Trump has been getting attacked from his comments at the press conference yesterday about what he said about the top military honor. And veterans have pointed out that, you know, he said that the civilian presidential honor is better than what veteran wounded veterans have received. And I, I wondered, what do you say to veterans who think that's demeaning?


Well, look, I was with a group of veterans in Pennsylvania yesterday, and trust me, the veteran community is very, very much behind Donald Trump. So look, what I would say to people is, look what President Trump said during a ceremony. And I haven't seen the entire remarks, but my understanding is President Trump said during a ceremony that a person who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, he was saying some nice things about her. He was saying some complimentary things about her Donald Trump. I've seen give out a Congressional medal of Honor. I've seen him give out a number of awards and commendations to military veterans. And of course, I myself am a Marine Corps veteran of the Iraq War. This is a guy who loves our veterans and who honors our veterans. I don't think him complimenting and saying a nice word about a person who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom is in any way denigrating those who received military honors.


They're two different awards, and I think the President was saying some nice things about a person that he liked, and that's a totally reasonable thing to do. And just so you remember the statement that Donald Trump made, here's the statement that was made by Donald Trump. I have to say, Miriam, I watched Sheldon sitting so proud in the White House when we gave Miriam the Presidential Medal of Freedom. That's the highest award you can get as a civilian. It is the equivalent of the Congressional Medal of Honor, but civilian version, it's actually much better because everyone gets the Congressional Medal of Honor that soldiers, they're either in very bad shape because they've been hit so many times by bullets or they're dead. She gets it and she's a healthy, beautiful woman.


It's fair. And they're rated equal. Now, I want you to take those statements and I want you to compare it to what Governor Walls has said about military service. Now, governor Walls served in our militaries, vice President Kamala Harris's pick for her vp. He served in our military for 24 years. 24 years. And Donald Trump, Mr. Bone spurs himself Donald Trump, who's called our veterans suckers and losers. Donald Trump had the audacity to make post after post accusing Governor Walls who again served in our military, not one, not five, not 10 years, which would still be something that we owe our respect to for the sacrifice given.


But Donald Trump called Governor Walls stolen valor. That's why Donald Trump did a photo of Governor Walls and posted Stolen valor. Well, here's what Governor Walls had to say about his military service and the service of anybody who provides military service and sacrifices for the United States of America. Here play this clip. Then in 2005, I felt the Call of Duty again, this time of being serviced to my country in the halls of Congress. My students inspired me to run for that office and I was proud to make it to Washington. I was a member of the Veterans Affairs Committee and a champion of our men and women in uniform.


I'm gonna say it again, as clearly as I can, I am damn proud of my service to this country. And I firmly believe you should never denigrate another person's service record to anyone brave enough to put on that uniform. For our great country, including my opponent, I just have a few simple words. Thank you for your service and sacrifice.


But look, As a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically Delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and tastes just like those classic crunchy cereal bars. Magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite. Before and after gym snack. Every serving of magic spoons cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carbs. So you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way. To get 11 grams of protein on the go, and for the first time ever, magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have won every morning to start the day off on the right foot, and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off magic spoon. Hold on to the dream magic spoon.com/midas.


But as you know, this is part of a pattern with Donald Trump. Trump continues to attack veterans. Donald Trump's former Chief of Staff General John Kelly, confirmed that Donald Trump called our veterans suckers and losers. So let me just show you that Here, play this show you reporting on that, on the record, John Kelly confirmed it play this clip The first time ever. Kelly sets the record straight with on the record confirmation of a number of damning details about Donald Trump from background sources criminal, including from a 2020 Atlantic story reported with unnamed sources by editor-in-Chief Jeffrey Goldberg, including the stunning detail that Trump turned to Kelly on Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery in 2017 and asked, I don't get it, what was in it for them?


This is Kelly confirming on the record stories of Trump insulting Senator John McCain and former President George HW Bush. Because in Vietnam and in World War II respectively, the former aviators were shot down. Kelly describes Trump as quote, a person that thinks those who defend their country in uniform or are shot down or seriously wounded in combat or spend years being tortured as POWs are all quote suckers because quote, there is nothing in it for them. A person that did not want to be seen in the presence of military amputees because, quote, it doesn't look good for me.


A person that demonstrated open contempt for a gold star family, for all gold star families on TV during the 2016 campaign. So what does Donald Trump do to John Kelly? Donald Trump attacks. John Kelly play this clip. General Cain, right? Raisin Cain. You know that story Raisin Cain. He was great, great general, real general. Not a television. We have a lot of television generals. They're no good like Billy, how about Billy? We had some like the dumbest of them all. General Kelly, he didn't know he was lost in the White House. That poor guy didn't know what the hell was happening.


He was like a lost, we used to call him a lost soul. Donald Trump has a history of attacking military veterans. Donald Trump has a, a history of attacking his own generals. Here's another example of that. Play this clip. We take every little tent, we take all the big tents, we take the army tanks, the planes, we take everything. Yeah. And I had a couple of guys like this guy Millie. What a, what a stupid person he is. Millie. No, he's a stupid sir. He said to me, it's cheaper to leave the equipment than it is to take it Here. Donald Trump made a post attacking the former chairman of the joint Chiefs of staff, mark Millie.


And Donald Trump said that Mark Millie's disloyalty or conduct would merit execution. In other times, Donald Trump threatening death upon his former chief of staff. I just want you to think about that. So, so you understand the type of person that Donald Trump is. By the way, Donald Trump's own former defense secretary, secretary Esper says that Donald Trump can't be trusted to defend democracy. That Trump is a threat to democracy. Trump's own defense secretary calling Trump a threat to democracy here, play this clip three Years after the attack on the Capitol.


I'm just curious, Mr. Secretary, do you view Donald Trump as a threat to American democracy? Well, first of all, good to be at the gym. It is a tragic day in our our nation's history. And, and yes, I I do regard him as a, a threat to democracy. Democracy as we know it, our institutions, our our political culture, all those things that make America great and have defined us as you know, the oldest democracy on this planet. When Donald Trump was asked about sacrifices he made for the country, here's what he said. You Have sacrificed nothing and no one. He said, you have sacrificed nothing and no one.


Well, that sounds, who wrote that? Did Hillary's script writers write it? How would you answer that? Father? What sacrifice have you made for your country? I think I made a lot of sacrifices. I worked very, very hard. I've created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs built great structures I've done, I've had, I've had tremendous success. I think I've done a lot. Those are sacrifices. Oh, sure. I think they're sacrifices. I think I've met a lot of sacrifices And heroes. A video that we had created at the Midas Touch Network about Donald Trump as a draft dodger here, play this clip. I didn't serve. I haven't served. I had a foot thing and I get had deferment for that.


Mr. Trump said, you think I'm stupid, not going to Vietnam. Let's take John McCain. He's the war hero. 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. Okay. I always wanted To. get the purple heart. This was much easier. I know more about ISIS than the generals do. Believe me, the President called former defense secretary James Mattis, the most overrated, general Russian intelligence officers offered to pay the Taliban to kill American troops. President Trump was told about this in March, and he has done nothing. The President called us service members buried in France, losers and suckers. His Visit was scrubbed because the president feared the rain would ruin his hair. When Senator John McCain died, the president told his senior staff, we're not going to support that losers' funeral.


We keep People accountable for the way they treat our veterans. And if they don't treat 'em well, we say, sorry. You're fired. Get Out. So do you think for a second that Donald Trump will issue an apology? No. Donald Trump's just going to double down and triple down on these types of comments. Let me share this with you. 'cause I've been seeing a lot of videos like this. Here is a veteran just pissed off at what Trump said, play this clip. Hey everybody, this is Ted. I am actually making this video from vacation right now, and I can't believe I'm actually doing this, but I need to say something. The disrespect and the vile comments that Trump keeps on making about veterans is enough.


If you care anything about the service people that have fought and died for this country and the crap coming outta his mouth, you get out and vote. Enough is enough. The men and women who have died for this country don't deserve the disrespect from somebody like him. In order to win a Congressional medal of Honor, you either have to die or be severely injured in a heroic act. Something that this former president knows nothing about.


So I ask you to look inside yourself and think about what it really means to be an American and to go and put your life on the line. I've had enough, no more, Mr. Nice guy, you're here. Me, give it like it is. No more. I'm sick and tired of hearing disparaging com remarks. I'm sick and tired of people defending it. Oh, that's not what he meant. That's not what he said. That's exactly what he said. And you know that. And if you try to go and gaslight the rest of us, shame on you.


Shame on you and shame on him. This is who he is. And I think it's just important that we recognize that Donald Trump doesn't support our troops. Donald Trump hates America. He hates our flag, in my opinion. He puts his name Trump on the flag. He's created his own national anthem, a song by the JS six choir, insurrectionist, who try to destroy our capitol building. You know, he continues to talk negatively about the country and every opportunity he talks negatively about our troops and veterans over and over and over again, calls 'em suckers and losers says the most horrific things it, it's sad that this individual leads a major political party.


'cause there were people in the Republican Party who led it that I respect. I respected John McCain, even if I disagreed with some of his policies. I respected Mitt Romney, even if I disagreed with some of his policies. This is just, I mean, this is like literally someone who hates our country hates veterans. It's sad. Well, anyway, that's the letter from the VFW leader. Tell me what you think in the comments below. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together real quick. Meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.