
Donald Trump is now sending cease and desist letters to himself as he starts to panic about the behavior of actual voters who have casted votes thus far. I'll go over that in just a moment. Let me just show you what he's posting now on social media, cease and desist letters on social media. He goes Cease and desist I together with many attorneys and legal scholars and watching the sanctity of the 2024 presidential election very closely because I know better than most the rampant cheating and skullduggery that has taken place by the Democrats in the 2020 presidential election.


Pause. You see what he's doing right now? He's fearful. He knows he's losing. You. Don't do this if you believe you are winning. He's trying to scare people and he's trying to set up another January 6th. Let me go on and read it. It was a disgrace to our nation whining about 2020 right now where he lost by significant margins. He goes, therefore the 2024 election where votes have just started being cast will be under the closest professional scrutiny. And when I win, those people that cheated will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, which will include long-term prison sentences. So this depravity of justice does not happen again.


Pause. What his threat is, is that he wants a dictatorship right there and that he plans to try to engage in fraudulent conduct and then he intends a dictatorship. That's essentially what he's saying right there. Go on to read more. We cannot let our country further devolve into a third world nation and we won't. Please beware that the legal exposure extends to lawyers, political operatives, donors, illegal voters, and corrupt election officials. And what he's basically trying to do there is to threaten lawyers who are actually representing people against Donald Trump's attempts to try to change voting rules.


I'm gonna show you more of Donald Trump's post in a moment, but I wanna show you the data that his team knows, that we know corporate refusing to talk about. I brought on Simon Rosenberg and Tom Bonier about this because one of the things that I care most about here is how are real people voting? How are actual voters voting? What a novel concept rather than speculating. I wanna know how people who have cast their ballots voted. So an organization called Marist did a study and they looked at areas like Arizona, North Carolina and in Georgia, where by the way, more Republicans than Democrats as a raw total number have voted.


So if you are a Trump supporter, and this is what they were saying publicly, and this is what a lot of corporate media that doesn't actually get into the data we're saying, they go, well, Republicans have a big turnout in some of these swing states this year. That's a good sign for Donald Trump that more Republicans were voting than Democrats in these states so far. Well, when you actually look at the numbers though, of how those people voted, what Morris found was that Harris and Arizona led 55 to 44 in North Carolina of actual people who have voted thus far earlier vote by mail in North Carolina Harris, up 55 to 43 in Georgia Harris up 54 to 45.


And as this post says, it strikes me as a little surprising given the composition of the early vote thus far in those states, this suggests that early vote indies and even Republicans are voting Democrat. Now you may say, well, Ben, that's just Morris. Do you have other sources? Well, in a separate study, the New York Times while their poll of prospective voters where they try to speculate and give you their conjecture, they say it's an even race. They go, it's 48 48. But when they said that they looked at people who have already voted, they found even a more dramatic result in favor of Vice President Kamala Harris.


Let me read to you what the New York Times found on Friday. The poll found that from the 9% of Americans who said they had already voted, they leaned heavily towards Kamala Harris. 59% to 40% in favor of Harris. That is consistent. This is what the New York Times says with the advantage Democrats have historically had in early voting and mail voting. Though there are signs this year that Republicans, unlike in 2020, are casting early ballots in unusual heavy numbers, very strange language that they use. There are signs, I mean we know, we know the data. More Republicans are voting early, yet the votes are more for Kamala Harris based on polling of actual voters who have left the voting place and said, we voted, here's how we voted.


Now, a new CNN poll finds something very similar. Harris has likely banked more votes than Trump so far given Democrats higher propensity to vote early or by mail. According to the poll, the poll was field that October 20th to 2020 third after early and absentee voting was well underway across the country and found that 20% of likely voters who say they have already cast their ballots break get this 61% to Harris to 36% Trump. Then they go while those who say they haven't yet voted break in Trump's favor 50 to 44%. So what CNN's even doing there is they're not even understanding their own data and they're saying, well, speculation in the future is that we think that Trump may have an edge, but based on the votes that have already been cast since Democrats vote in higher numbers, of course it's 61 Harris to 36% Trump.


But then they ignore their other data that more Republicans have been voting early thus far, and the behavior of voting patterns have shifted in a post covid world about when they vote. So I think that Trump knows that that's where these cease and desists are coming from.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle sheets. Miracle sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try Miracle dot com slash midas, try Miracle dot com slash midas and try Miracle made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20%. Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try Miracle dot com slash midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try Miracle dot com slash midas to treat yourself. Thank you, Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Here's his other post, sleepy Joe and comrade Kamala Harris ridiculously accused me of wanting to weaponize the Justice Department when they have done all of the weaponizing. Now they're truly weaponized Department of Injustice and a judge appointed by Joe have ordered the great Commonwealth of Virginia to put non-citizen voters back on the rolls. You're just lying about all this stuff. This is a totally unacceptable travesty. And Governor Young King is absolutely right to appeal this illegal order and the US Supreme Court will hopefully fix it. Only US citizen should be allowed to vote. Okay? If you are not a United States citizen, you can't vote in America. Okay? And Republicans in Virginia keep voting early. Okay? Does that sound to you like someone who's very confident right there?


Oh, and then he does this one. Kamala Harris has finally lost the Catholic vote according to who. According to your stupid posts, her and the Democrats. Persecution of the Catholic church is unprecedented. I mean you have President Biden a Catholic who goes to church and actually lives by what the church purports to be representing, whereas you sexually assault women and brag about harassing women and are a felon and a crook and a fraud and go against all the teachings. And he goes, her poll numbers have dropped like a rock. No, they haven't. Both with Catholics and otherwise, no, they haven't. What took so long?


You're lying. RFK Jr has been pushing hard for Catholics to vote for Trump, okay? RFK Jr. Who literally created an Excel spreadsheet about the woman who he cheated on his wife, oh RFK, of course RFK, birds of a Feather Donald. Trump then goes on to say Kamala Kamala again made a fool of herself last night at a radical left fundraiser. And this after putting on a very low IQ display at a fake new CNN town hall, she was almost incoherent and even host Allison Cooper, he calls Anderson Cooper. Allison because he's homophobic who couldn't get her to make any sense, became agitated. Kamala is demanding late term abortions in month seven, eight, and nine.


Even execution after birth. I mean again. No, she isn't. And if you're just watching this at home, who behaves the way Donald Trump's behaving with these posts? May I show you what Vice President Kamala Harris has been posting today? Same time for contrast, she goes, my mother saved for years to buy our first home. Fast forward to today. Even if aspiring homeowners save for years, it is often still not enough. We need to build more housing in America because a severe housing shortage is part of what's driving up costs. Our Harris Walls administration will cut red tape and work with the private sector to build 3 million new homes and provide first time home buyers with $25,000 down payment assistance so you can get your foot in the door and have the opportunity to own a home like my mother was able to.


Her running mate. Governor Tim Wall says the following, Kamala Harris and I are both gun owners. We believe in the Second Amendment, but we also believe in keeping our kids and our community safe. Our plan is common sense ban assault weapons require universal background checks and pass red flag laws. Kamala Harris writes to our young leaders, I'm so proud of you. You are leading the charge to protect our planet and our future. I know that our future is so bright with you at the helm. And then she writes the following, while Donald Trump has an enemies list, I have a to-do list and here is Kamala Harris's to-Do list. And here are the things that she's saying she wants to do for the American people.


Wow, what a novel concept. She's putting forward policy about what she's gonna do for you and your family while Donald Trump sending cease and desist to himself. Whoa. Here's what she says. And tell me if any of these ideas resonate for you. Cut taxes for more than a hundred million Americans. Strengthen Medicare and protect social security. Work with the private sector to build 3 million new homes to increase housing supply and bring down costs. Pass the bipartisan border security bill to strengthen and secure our border. Restore reproductive freedom, legalize recreational marijuana. Cap the cost of insulin at $35 per month and prescription costs at $2,000 a year for all Americans.


Expand Medicare to cover home care for seniors and people with disabilities. Protect and strengthen the Affordable Care Act. Promote common sense gun safety laws to protect Americans from gun violence. Invest in American manufacturing and clean energy. Expand the startup tax deduction for small businesses by 10 times to $50,000. Give families a $6,000 tax credit during the first year of their child's life. Pass the first ever federal ban on corporate price gouging on food and groceries, which you also put out this right here, Donald Trump admires dictators and he wants to be one on day one if given the chance our democracy is at stake. And here's the video she posted. Let's play it.


I Get along with 'em very well Putin. These are people that are tough people. I believe that the United States of America must have a president who does not admire dictators. Donald Trump said he would be a dictator on day one. I believe the United States of America deserves a president of the United States who up opposes their oath to protect the constitution of the United States. Donald Trump said he would terminate the constitution of the United States. Kamala Harris also posted the following. Donald Trump's former chief of staff, a four star Marine general, has given America an unprecedented warning. Trump is unhinged and unstable and he is out for unchecked power. And here's the video she put up as well.


Do you think he's a fascist? Well, he certainly falls into the general definition of a fascist. It's a far right authoritarian ultranationalist political ideology and movement characterized by a dicial leader, but the former president, certainly an authoritarian. Using the military to go after American citizens is a very, very bad thing. He admires people who are dictators. He commented more than once that Hitler did some good things too. If he was left to his own devices, would he be a dictator if he didn't have people around him? Oh, I think he'd love to be. When Somebody's the president, the authority is total.


I am Kamala Harris and I approve this message And I think this message is resonating to people in Michigan. A new poll out by Michigan State University finds vice President Kamala Harris of 52.2% to 47.7% against Donald Trump. But you know, the, the the main point here that I wanna bring to you is you can just see the contrast there. I mean who's delivering things for you. I wanna remind us what politics should be all about. While corporate media makes this a horse race, what I'm interested in knowing, well, you may be interested in knowing, is things like, wow, there's actually a policy where, you know, Medicare can take care of elderly parents and allow, you know, allow me to buy a home.


I mean, and, and, and get a home and take care of my family. Well, those are great proposals where Donald trump's just ranting and raving like a lunatic. Come on. Here's my final point to you as well. Make sure you're registered to vote. Make sure you are voting early if you can, and share with me in the comments below your stories. If you've been able to encourage others to vote early and maybe you have like a surprise story where there's a Republican or independent in your family or someone who hasn't voted before and you got them to vote, I'd love to hear stories like that as well in the comment. So let me know. But after you watch this video, will you do me a favor? Will you call people in your life that you know and make sure that they're out there voting please?


That would be so, I'd be so grateful For that, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.