
Time to move, skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date, so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply. I don't report this with glee or delight as a reporter. It's simply my duty to keep receipts of Donald Trump's broken promises. And this isn't me wagging my finger and say, I told you so, but let the facts speak for themselves.


The Arab Americans in Michigan and elsewhere who strongly endorsed Donald Trump and helped him to victory. And it's not just unique to Arab Americans. I'm not trying to single them out. Well, they are now sending a letter to Donald Trump. Earlier in the day, I'll read the letter from you, from the organization who backed Trump. And they're saying, all right, Donald, well, you got our votes, you won. And now call for the ceasefire, which Donald Trump is not going to do. And in fact, to the contrary, what has Donald Trump done in the past 24 hours? Well, he's appointed Mike Huckabee as the ambassador to Israel.


And Huckabee says There's no such thing as the West Bank, and that should simply become the territory of Israel. I'll show you the receipts in a moment. And also you, we believe he's appointed Marco Rubio as Secretary of State. And Senator Rubio has said, no, I'm absolutely not going to be calling for a ceasefire. So as between the Biden Harris administration calling for a ceasefire, trying to negotiate one, Netanyahu did not want to negotiate one with the Biden Harris administration under the terms that were being proposed and under the Trump administration, just letting you know the facts here, that if the view was that Donald Trump was gonna call for a ceasefire, he's doing the exact opposite.


Let me just show you the letter from this group, the MENA American Group Chamber of Commerce. These are the Arab Americans who back Trump and Dearborn, Michigan. They sent this letter today to fulfill his promise to the community and work on an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and Lebanon. I mean, look, Trump's son-in-law, who's gonna have a senior role in the administration, said something to the effect of, he looks forward to building hotels in Gaza and basically having it reclaimed. Just take a look right here of the stats of this. So you see that Donald Trump won handily in the Arab-American areas in Dearborn, Michigan. Here's the letter that was sent today, or, or, or sent a little bit ago.


It says, dear President-elect Trump on behalf of the Lebanese Americans within our mena, American Middle East, north African Chamber of Commerce, we congratulate you on your historic return to the White House Dearborn, Michigan, a city with the highest concentration of Arab Americans outside of the Middle East turn red in this presidential election. Due to your genuine outreach to our community and our belief that you are an optimal choice for our democracy economy, and in the matters of foreign policy, the over 3.5 million Mena Americans, some of whom reside in the swing states, are proud to have contributed to your margins of victory during this US election. We are urging your administration and transition team to apply your political influence in demanding an immediate ceasefire in Lebanon and Palestine.


This aligns the commitment toward lasting peace that you made in the letter and in person while signing the peace plaques. Furthermore, our meetings with your team leading up to your historic win underscore the importance of our dialogue in matters pertaining to Lebanon. These engagements have already led to robust lines of communication, including your recent commitment to pursue peace in Lebanon, and your unprecedented and iconic visit. As a matter of high importance, and in delivering on your promise of a November 6th ceasefire, again, we urge you to call for an immediate ceasefire in Lebanon and Palestine while crafting a long lasting piece in the region.


Further, we believe your team's leadership will be instrumental in advancing productive US Lebanese relations. And for that reason, we would like to add our support to the appointment of a chief negotiator with the Lebanese government. All right, well, let's see if there are promises kept right. I mean, I think we have to view this in a sober way. Here's what CNN reported earlier. Israel's far right finance Minister Bezel SMO Rich told the Nesst, which is the Israel's parliament, that Donald Trump's victory in the US election quote brings an important opportunity to the state of Israel. The only way to remove the threat of a Palestinian state Smot rich added is to apply Israeli sovereignty over the entire settlements of Judea and Samaria, the biblical term by which Israelis refer to as the West Bank.


In other words, annexing the West Bank, taking the West Bank and making the West Bank just truly Israel. So that was one. And just to be clear, the language that was used by this individual, this senior finance minister, was to remove the threat of a Palestinian state. So not to have a Palestinian state, not a two state solution. Also, Donald Trump nominated former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee to serve as a US ambassador to Israel. Whether you refer to Huckabee as kind of a Christian Zionist or words to to those effect I mean that's, I I think how he would self-identify as well.


And just so you can hear Mike Huckabee's views about Palestine, here is what he said in a recent speech. He said, there's no such thing as the West Bank at all, which aligns with what the senior minister of Israel saying Here, play this clip. My feelings personally, and I'm speaking only as a person, I think Israel would only be acting on the property it already owns. I think Israel has title deed to Judea and Samaria. There are certain words I refuse to use. The there is no such thing as a West Bank. It's Judea and Samaria. There's no such thing as a settlement.


They're communities, they're neighborhoods. There's cities. There's no such thing as an occupation that they get out of their minds that people are living in lean tos and tents and sleeping in cars circled around a tree. They're living in very well designed and beautiful cities and communities. Can't wait. To, get back. I'm gonna take an extra hat. I'm gonna get it to, to President-elect Trump build Israel. Great. Again. Who knows? We may see him wear this out there in one of his rallies somewhere. I don't know. Can't promise that. I can only promise he will get a copy of the hat. Thank you very much.


Alright, let's talk about NAD plus. It's an every living cell in your body, And. it helps keep you young by repairing damage, detoxifying, and giving you energy. But between age 20 and 50, your NAD plus levels are cut in half. No wonder we start feeling older, more tired, and less vibrant. But here's the good news, quality NAD plus makes it easy to boost your NAD plus levels by 74%. It's a simple supplement that's vegan, gluten-free non GMO, and packed with ingredients to help you feel at your peak longer into life. Quality of NAD plus contains the most powerful NAD plus precursors like niacin, niacinamide, and niagen. These ingredients are clinically tested.


To boost YOUR, NAD plus levels and quality NAD plus has many other holistic ingredients that support all major aspects of NAD plus production in your body. Plus it's doctor formulated. So you know, it's the real deal. I've been using quality NAD plus since they sent it to me. And the difference is huge. I actually feel energized, awake, and ready to take on the day. I had no idea how much my low NAD plus was dragging me down. To boost YOUR NAD plus levels by up to 74%. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout. That's JRDY at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life.com/jordi, J-O-R-D-I for 15% off your purchase thanks to Qualia for sponsoring Today's episode.


Now, in addition to Mike Huckabee, Donald Trump's also purportedly appointing Marco Rubio as Secretary of State. And just so you see I mean, here's a, here's a video of Marco Rubio when he was asked if he supports a ceasefire saying he doesn't support a a, a ceasefire. Here, play this clip. Senator Rubio, will you call for Cease fire? Not on the contrary. Senator Rubio, please. Are you filming it? I want you guys To get this, I want them to destroy every element of Hamas they can get their hands on. These people are vicious animals who did horrifying crimes. And I hope you guys post that. 'cause that's And what about the civilians that are being killed every day? Blame Hamas should stop hiding behind civilians, putting civilians in the way.


Hamas knew that this was gonna lead to this. So Hamas has stopped building their military installations underneath hospital. So you don't care that 15,000 died, you don't care about the babies that are being killed every day. I think it's, I think it's terrible. And I think Hamas is a hundred percent to blame. That's what I think. Make sure you post that, please. And again, look, I I'm not singling out Arab Americans who voted for Donald Trump here and And it, and it's not, the point of this exercise is not to say, I blame you. I blame this group. I blame that. That's not what I'm trying to do. What I'm simply trying to do is say, at what point do you start to raise a red flag in your own mind?


The appointment of Huckabee, the appointment of Marco Rubio. And again, as I said, I'm not trying to single out any specific group I mean, we talk about Latino men who voted over, not all, just the ones who voted for Trump. And they said, look, Trump, they're, they're, they're not coming for people who are family oriented. They're just coming for, they're just coming for criminals. Like, here's this individual Latino male Trump supporters, so much trades wear. He wears the hat. He wears like a blonde hair wig to show that he supports Donald Trump. Like he believes that Trump will not deport family oriented Latinos play this clip. If they let in hundreds of thousands of people who already have criminal records, if deporting them, create some mass deportation Amal for it.


But What if rounded up in all of that are people who work on a farm, they're doing the jobs that Americans don't wanna do. Does that, does that worry You? That wouldn't be fair. Of course, you know, they need to make sure that they don't throw away, they don't kick out, they don't deport people that are, that are family oriented. The question That then just look at what Trump's inner circle saying I mean. You have people like Charlie Kirk who are posting, if you are not here with paperwork, leave right now before we humiliate you, before we humiliate, you get out right now, you have Donald Trump appointing Tom Holman, the author of Project 2025, who we told you that Donald Trump was going to appoint. He believes in mass deportation exercises on day one and also de naturalization, meaning taking away citizenship.


And so just my my my question to you is though, at what point do you say we've been played, we've been fooled, or does this go on in perpetuity? Does this continue forever of Donald Trump? You know, oh, I promise you this. Oh, he promised me, I promise you. At what point do you go, okay, not only was I lied to, but now we are in a much worse position. All we're gonna do here at the minus touch network is keep the receipts. So if you think it's a positive development, if you were someone who supported a ceasefire that Trumps appointed people who don't, don't believe in the existence of a Palestinian state, well then ex Yeah, you have to articulate, you have to use logic with me, right?


If you voted to deport yourself and now you're gonna get deported, you have to gimme logic why you support, I, I need logical arguments. 'cause we're gonna give you the logic. We're gonna give you the receipts here. And that's all. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.