
Let's take a look at what Donald Trump has been posting, saying, emailing. Let's compare it to what President Biden has been posting and saying, and the speeches that he's been giving. 'cause The contrast cannot be more stark. Look, Donald Trump wants to try to push President Biden out of this race. I think Donald Trump recognizes that Biden will beat him because despite all of the media propaganda out there, I think Americans want someone who is decent. They want normalcy, they want someone who cares about our democracy. And I think Americans realize who's actually delivering for them and who's just talking about themselves. Like take a look. This is what Donald Trump's been emailing to those on his listserv, so I'm on it.


So you don't have to be. Donald Trump writes, would you put me on Mount Rushmore? That's the email that he sends to his supporters. Would you put me on Mount Rushmore in honor of this beautiful holiday? I've got a question that I wanna ask. True Trump Patriots, not American Patriots. True Trump Patriots. He says like Ben. And he goes, am I the greatest president in American history respond to Trump? I hope to read every response before the fireworks. Please submit your response below, then Don Jr. Emails immediately after and goes, is there anything you want to say to my dad? The Trump family loves Ben, especially my father. He talks about you all the time through every single indictment, hoax, raid, arrest, and witch hunt.


It's your patriotic support that keeps him going. Like, how does anybody actually fall for this crap? The Trump family loves Ben, especially my father. He talks about you all the time, like the MAGA people actually believe this, this stuff. And what do they even talk about? I love you. What in the world? How about this one? Have you seen this official Trump merch? Have you seen the official Trump gold USA flag pin yet? Yeah, we see it. You email it five times a day for people to buy this silly pin for and frankly traitorous pin for a thousand dollars. This is my most popular item and it's the American flag with Trump's name on it.


Should I be on Mount Rushmore Trump's name on the flag saying that my daddy loves you? What in the world is going on here? How about this one? I want to give you a call. We've got a lot to talk about. Here it is. I just got word that my rigged sentencing will be delayed. And before I speak to any of my advisors, I wanna hear from you. Ben, this is our best shot to kill the illegal prosecutions before they go any further, please respond to Trump today. And by the way, there's a reason why he uses language like Best Shot and kill illegal prosecutions because he is trying to, and he is priming his MAGA violence supporters for more violence.


That's what Trump's saying compared to what President Biden is saying In doing, president Biden goes, A record 15.7 million jobs created during my administration. Today's jobs report shows that 206,000 new jobs were created last month and a record 15.7 million jobs created during my administration. Yes, we have more work to do, but wages are growing faster than prices and we're seeing the highest share of working age Americans in the workforce in generations. President Biden also writes, Jill and I were honored to host military families at the White House. This Independence Day will never be able to repay you for your sacrifice, but I give you my word as a Biden.


I'll keep doing everything in my power to care for you and your loved ones. You wanna talk about legislation and the pact Act. Over 1 million claims from disabled veterans who needed lifesaving care that they would potentially have died. But for the PACT Act being pushed and passed and put into law by President Biden 1 million claims filed, that's President Biden actually delivering for our veterans the same way he's lowered prescription drug prices, the way he's opened access to affordable healthcare, the way he's protected Social Security and Medicare. It's the President Biden actually doing things. On the other hand, what has Donald Trump been doing? Well, we've got some leaked footage of him.


During a July 4th zoom call with veterans, Donald Trump tries to take credit for veterans choice, which he had nothing to do with here play this clip doing Our country. That's what they're doing. And our military, we do, as you know, we did two choice veterans choice where? For our va, where we had the highest rating that I think that anybody's ever had. We were at 92%. Now it's back down into the forties again. But we had veterans choice. So during his July 4th speech, Donald Trump says that the military leaders are too woke. Play this, The capability. This all happened over the last three and a half years, and we're gonna straighten things out. We're gonna straighten 'em out fast.


So between the borders open and the military, that's they let go to hell. And by the way, we don't have a woke military. We have some woke people. We do a lot every day.


And typically at night, I need something to wind down, but I'm sick of all the calories, nasty hangovers, bloating, and other negative health implications that can come with having a glass of wine before bed. That's why I'm obsessed with souls. Do out of office THC gummies perfectly microdose to get you Blist, not blitzed. This podcast is sponsored by Soul Soul's New out of office gummies are perfectly microdosed with hemp derived THC and CBD to give any day that chilling on the beach vibe. I can't believe I didn't know you could buy THC products online like this. Did you know you can now buy hemp derived THC products in all 50 states? The out of office gummies help you get that much needed me time at the end of the day or during the day. They're convenient and delicious. Out of office gummies give you that warm, fuzzy, euphoric, microdosed feeling without sending you to the moon. You could go for a jog, watch your favorite TV show, or head out to a party, whatever floats your boat. Souls out of office gummies have given me the perfect way to chill and maintain my sanity while trying to stay on top of my game and keep my anxious thoughts at Bay. Soul was founded five years ago by brother and sister Duo, Mike and Angie Lee. Mike is a former world ranked professional boxer and Angie is an author and professional speaker who had the desire to create natural alternatives to medication that tackle problems they deal with themselves, like sleeplessness, anxiety, focus, and pain. And that's not all souls got. Whether you're looking for a sleep aid enhanced focus or pain relief. Soul has all your wellness needs Covered and SO'S products are grown right here in the USA, organically farmed and gluten-free. So give Soul a try at to get Soul dot com and use code Midas for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order using code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S one last time. That's get Soul dot com and code Midas for 30% off.


What is Donald Trump doing as well? Donald Trump is also posting that he doesn't know anything about Project 2025. And he expects us to believe that. I mean, your top advisors the leader of Project 2025, you praised him and the other drafter of project 2025. Your press secretary, Caroline Levitt cuts ads for project 2025. Your Super PAC does add after add, after add about Project 2025, all of the project 20 20, 25 policies to try to turn our country into a fascist state. You talk about. But here he is lying. How do you know Trump is lying? He wakes up outta bed. That's how you know.


'cause all Trump knows how to do is lie. Here's his post right here saying that he doesn't have anything to do with Project 2025. I know nothing about it. He says, I have no nothing about Project 2025. I have no idea who's behind it. I disagree with some of the things they're saying and some of the things they're saying are absolutely ridiculous and abysmal. Anything I do, I wish them luck. But I have nothing to do with it. Really, you have nothing to do with it because there are posts with you praising the leader of Project 2025. There are many posts with you saying that you think, here it is. Kevin Roberts, the highly respected president of the Heritage Foundation, was a smart and wonderful guest as interviewed by Pete Heif on Fox and Friends.


Keep going, Kevin. Get the word out about Project 2025. That's what the guy's talking about. Here's another interview with Kevin Roberts where he talks about leading a revolution against the United States of America, which will be bloodless. He says, if the left lets them play this clip, We're in the process of taking this country back. No one in the audience should be despairing. No one should be discouraged. We ought to be really encouraged by what happened yesterday. And in spite of all of the injustice, which of course friends and audience of this show of our friend Steve, no. We are going to prevail number two to to the point of Eclipse. And, and of course your preview of the fact that I am an early American historian and love the Constitution that that Supreme Court ruling yesterday on immunity is vital.


And it's vital for a lot of reasons. But I would go to Federalist number 70. If people in the audience are looking for something to read over Independence Day weekend. In addition to rereading the Declaration of Independence, read Hamilton's number 70 because there, along with some other essays, in some other essays, he talks about the importance of a vigorous executive. You and I have both been parts of faculties and faculty senates and understand that the left has taken over our institutions. The reason that they are apoplectic right now. The reason that so many anchors on Ms NBC, for example, are losing their minds daily is because our side is winning. And so I come full circle in this response and just wanna encourage you with some substance that we are in the process of the Second American Revolution, which will remain bloodless if the left allows it to be.


And the Heritage Foundation posted that as well, that they are leading a revolution against the United States of America. By the way, here's Donald Trump praising Kevin Roberts at a recent speech as well. Play this clip. Your organization is named The Heritage Foundation because you understand that our glorious heritage is the foundation of everything we hope to achieve, which is why we need the help of the Heritage Foundation and everyone here tonight to get our tax cuts through the House, through the Senate. Yeah. And again, Donald Trump's senior advisors work for the Heritage Foundation.


Praises the Heritage Foundation. Lemme show you this one. This is Kevin Roberts also saying I'll do a whole nother hot take on this. But saying that none of this would be possible if it wasn't for Donald Trump. Play this clip. We want no credit. We want the American people. If President Trump is, is elected again, president Trump and his administration to take credit for that. But it will also be a great sign if all of this is successful. That in fact, as we know in our prayer time, but maybe not every time when we're watching the news, that the Lord is still smiling upon America. I'm telling you, everything this guy says is a freaking lie. All he knows how to do is lie. And then you have the corporate media goes.


Well, we're gonna have to fact check you if you call him out, Midas Touch, because Trump said he doesn't know what project 2025 is. So I guess we're gonna have to do a fact check. Yeah, he lies about everything. I'm showing you the clips of the him with the guy all the time that his people run Project 2025. How about you use a modicum of intelligence corporate media? Oh, but you're not gonna do that because you are pushing a narrative that you want, whether it's for ratings or your own money. 'cause you're funded by billionaires and deca millionaires. This is what you want. I I I get it. Just admit who you are. Hasn't this been such a mask off moment as well for a lot of the media?


And by the way, let me just show you this full clip right here of President Biden confronting the media where they're like, whoa, shouldn't you drop out? He's like, no, you're wrong about everything. I'm not dropping out. You're literally wrong about every single thing here, play this, clip That Out. Completely ruling that out. You're the best. 'cause I beat him before and I've gotten more done than any president has. Have You spoken to members of Congress? No. But you've been wrong about everything so far. You were wrong about 2020. You were wrong. About 2022. You were gonna get wiped out.


Remember the red wave? You were wrong about 2023. You said all the tough races we're gonna, we won them all, but two. So look, we'll see. Have You spoken to members of Congress? I have. I've spoken. Who have You spoken to? At least 20. What are they telling you? What are they telling you? Sir? They're telling me to stay in the race. What about The people who have Called Court, they're gathering together to call for, to step aside. Think Senator Mark Warner. Well, Mark Warner, my understanding is the only one considering that no one else has called me with that. No one has. Do you value the thought of the, in your policy, Former Trump? Again, I hope he'll debate me. I I I wouldn't be surprised if He's in.


Will you commit to I'm committee now? Absolutely. Whether he is in or not. Do You value the thoughts of members of your own party when it comes to your decision to stay in the race? Sure, I do. That's why they've said you guys saw the governors, every one of 'em in that room, all those governors said stay in the race. Right? Haley Or Haley didn't say anything when I was in the room. Okay, Sir, will you make changes to your campaign staff at all after the debate? We're we're adding. Look, we just added another 120 staffers. We're all, we have the most extensive staff operation in the States. Yeah. And are you pleased of your advisors and how they're seeing you through this, this moment in your campaign?


Any mistake made is my fault. Thank You. Are you confident you can serve another four years? I'm positive. You, you always talk to young people. You're so committed to talking to young people. Why not let someone younger take the country poorly. Have to ask. You know, why not let, like every CEO has a succession plan. Well, by the way, you do a succession plan. What do I need a succession plan for? Then? President Biden gave an incredible speech in Wisconsin and hears a clip of what he had to say. Play. And I And you are not finished yet. Now you probably also noticed a lot of discussion about my age. Yes, I know.


I look 40. I keep seeing all those stories about I'm being too old. Let me say something. I was too old. I wasn't too old. I wasn't too old to create over 15 million new jobs to make sure 21 million Americans are insured under the Affordable Care Act. To be big farmer, the first one to ever do that and lower the cost end of the 35. Was they too old to leave student debt for nearly 5 million Americans and grow the economy? Too old to put the first black woman on the Supreme Court of the United States of America to sign the Respect for Marriage Act.


They're too old to sign most significant gun safety law in 30 years to pass the past, the biggest climate building history of the world. Not here. History of the world. But then my critics say, sure, but he did all that. But that was in the past. What about now? Well, how about the 200,000 jobs we announced yesterday? So lemme ask you, what do you think? You think I'm too old or a store? Ro v. Wade to all the land? No. You think I'm too old to ban assault weapons again? No. To protect social security and Medicare? No.


One more clip. I'll show you from Wisconsin Play. Oh, let me omi. Ultimately the American presidency is about character. Right? The character of the president who holds the job. Yes. Because with the immunities he's talking, the Supreme Court just talked about it gets down to that. It gets down to that. It's about honesty. That's right. It's about the president's decency, integrity. Do they respect people or do they incite violence and hate? Can they honor the oath of the constitution and uphold the oath of office? Well, I don't think, as an exaggeration is yes, Trump has failed on every one of these character tests. Everyone. And what's worse, the Supreme Court has just ruled that there are virtually no limits on the power of the presidency.


I know it sounds bizarre, but that's where they ruled a frightening decision. According to the extreme majority of the Supreme Court, the President is now above the law. We just celebrated the 4th of July saying, we will not be ruled by a king. And this Supreme Court, he appointed prove this new law before it's in a dangerous precedent, especially if Donald Trump has returned to the President. Just think about it the second term. This next term, whomever is a president, is gonna appoint at least two new appointees, a second Trump term where there are no limits. Supreme Court justice. So Dooma ear warned us about that in her dissent in that case, this is it.


She noted that based on a majority decision, Trump can take out his opponents. I mean physically, take them out, take bribes, and lead a coup and be immune to ever being held accountable for it. If he did it while he was president, according to the Supreme Court, I mean, where the hell are we? So he really could become a dictator that he promised to be on day one. For over two centuries, America's been a free democratic nation. And I'll be Dan of the year 2024, just two years before our 250th anniversary of his as a nation.


I'll let Donald Trump take this away. This is not hyperbole. This race is about our freedom. It's about our democracy. Yes, it's about the very Soul of America. Yes. Are we prepared to fight for that? Yes, I know I am. And I will. The folks, I have never been more optimistic about America's future. 'cause the American people are decent, good, honorable. He just said, remember who in God's name we are.


We're the United States of America. I mean, think about it. Think about in literal terms. And there's nothing, nothing beyond our capacity when we stand together. So let's stand together with this election and exile Donald Trump politically. God bless you. God.


Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching and have a good one. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.