
Look, the purpose of us reporting on Donald Trump, potentially soiling himself in public like he did recently during his speech before the Detroit Economic Club and relieving himself in public before senators. And we show lots of those clips to show what's going on. It's not to mock him. There seems to be a serious health issue there. And Donald Trump has consistently been covering up his health records, his medical records. And so I've seen some people say, well, why are you even talking about this? Might as touch you are better than this.


You shouldn't be focused on this issue. Again, it's not from a position of mockery. It is from one of asking ourselves this question. If President Biden was giving speeches and soiling himself in public, relieving himself, passing gas in public consistently and not releasing his medical records, would the national press be talking about that? And the answer is clearly yes. But President Biden released detailed medical records. Similarly, vice President Kamala Harris over the weekend released her own detailed medical records, very specific data, very specific details, the types of information that we're used to getting in presidential elections.


But Donald Trump had a gastroenterologist write a note back in 20 15, 20 16, saying he was the healthiest person ever to live and to ever to run for office. But other than that, we have absolutely zero transparency, and it's clear that he is suffering from serious health issues. And whether you think those noises are him soiling himself in public or not, we all should demand transparency. To, get these records. Would you want, I mean, obviously Donald Trump is a menace and would be a massive threat, but JD Vance, if Donald Trump were to win, which by the way, don't let that happen, go out and make sure you're registered to vote and make sure others, then JD Vance would be the one leading the country.


And I want you to think both those scenarios are nightmares. But as we were doing our reporting, a lot of people in the comments were saying, you do realize that Noel Kassler worked with Donald Trump during the Apprentice. And Noel Kassler had previously stated that Donald Trump would also have these types of issues. He would relieve himself on set. And Noel Kassler claims, and I'm reporting what Noel Kassler says, I'm giving you one side of the story here. Now, Donald Trump's never addressed this publicly. I'll tell you what Donald Trump though did when he was in office. But Noel Kassler shared what he observed.


I want to be clear, that's his side of the story. That's his view. Trump may have a different view, so you're very clear there. But we do have what Noel Kessler said, and for those who don't know, again, Noel Kassler was basically a gopher who worked on The Apprentice. And he would hand people things and deliver people props. And you know, he was on the set. Here's what Noel Kassler said that he observed about Donald Trump on the set of the Apprentice play this clip. The diapers is not a joke. It's depends, you know, diaper Don is trending, but it's based in reality. He would often soil himself on the apprentice set. He's incontinent from all the speed, all the Adderall he does, the cocaine that he's done for decades, you know, all that stuff has a laxative and it has an effect on your, on your bowels.


And his are uncontrollable. He's worn diapers since probably the nineties, but I saw it firsthand in the two thousands on Celebrity Apprentice in late two thousands. And we'd have to stop the show and, and change him, you know, and that was Keith Schiller's job. He would take him set, he would wipe him down. Our nickname for Keith was Wet Wipes. It's not a joke. It's happened several times and you've seen it happen while he is in office. You've seen, he was in the Oval Office with Tigon, and you could clearly hear him sort of evacuating himself. He did it in front of Senator Feinstein, Diane Feinstein at a, at a press conference.


So he, he does it, and he almost sits there like, and unaware of it, you know, and I, one time I saw Ivanka have to go kind of whisper in his ear, and then Keith came and took him off stage. He'll also do it in a rage. And this is where it gets really drug related. He'll start to freak out. You know, one time there was the word arbitrage on a cue card, and he started screaming that the, you know, the script department was setting him up. You're setting me up. And he just freaked out and then very loudly evacuated his bowels and you could smell it, you know? And the guy was holding the boom bike. Mike, you know, was tearing up. So that's where the nickname the S-I-S-H-I-T show came from.


That was the crew nickname for Celebrity Apprentice. So when you hear diaper Don, it's not a joke. He tries to hide it. I'll give you one more fact. If you look up the video of him, when he was doing the WWF thing, he, he tackles a guy on the ground outside of the ring, and you can clearly see the outline of the, depends in his pants. And that was back in the early nineties. So he's lost control of his bowels. He's lost control of his brain. That's who he is, diaper Don. Now, I believe that interview with Noel Kassler was somewhere around 2020 when Noel Kassler had said that. And then I want you to remember that, then remember, Donald Trump sat at that really tiny desk of his, and then remember that the hashtag diaper don started trending in 2020.


Do you remember Donald Trump's reaction to it? Donald Trump tweeted on November 26th, 2020, for purposes of national security. Section two 30 must be immediately terminated. He was referring to Section two 30 of the Communications Decency Act. And he's basically saying that he wants to go after any press. He was gonna go after Twitter. He ended up having Elon Musk essentially buy, not essentially buy Twitter and turn it into a right wing extremist cesspool. But Donald Trump was basically saying Twitter should be shut down because diaper Don was trending at that time. Now, I wanna share this with you as well.


As I mentioned, here's Vice President Kamala Harris's medical records that she released right here. Quote, she possesses the physical and mental resiliency required to successfully execute the duties of the presidency. Her physician set. You also have kind of detailed on here, her blood pressure heartbeat rates per minute, temperature, vision, I mean it goes through in specific details. All of the things that you would expect in a detailed physical that were always previously made public, Donald Trump refuses to release them. Vice President Kamala Harris, though today on Saturday, went out and said, Donald Trump's probably hiding something.


He should have to release this here, play this clip. So today I released my medical records as has I believe every candidate for president of the United States except Donald Trump in this election cycle. And it's just a further example of his lack of transparency that on top of his unwillingness to debate, again, his unwillingness to do an interview with 60 Minutes, which again, is part of the norm of what anyone running for President United States does. And I think that it's obvious that his team at least does not want the American people to see everything about who he is.


And you put that on top of even the most recent reports of General Mille, one of the people who worked the closest with Donald Trump, referring to him as being unstable. And it's clear to me that he and his team do not want the American people to really see what it is that he is doing and whether or not he actually is fit to do the job of being President of the United States. Vice President Kamala Harris also said that she believes that. She said, watch Donald Trump's speeches when you see him, he's clearly unwell. There's clearly something going on there. He or she is saying that. Let's play this clip. What Do you think about President Trump's accu mental acuity?


And whether it's six line to say his 2016 campaign, I invite the public to watch his rallies and be the decision maker on his acuity. And you'll see in his rallies how he goes off on tangents, how he is not focused on the needs of the American people with solutions to the issues that concern them the most. Now, just so you can remember here was the clip where we believe is one of the examples of Donald Trump's soiling himself on stage. This is at the Detroit Economic Club. You can listen to yourself, you can see it play this clip. This is a catastrophe for the American dream and a dire crisis from commerce to labor to fema.


Here was another example where that went down, where Donald Trump was in office, where he did it. Next to the late Senator from California, Diane Feinstein, you can watch for yourself here. Watch her reaction, how she responds. Play this clip. So today we're here in a bipartisan fashion to show leadership in an effort to end this senseless, violent, and it violence, it can begin.


Most clothes are uncomfortable or too tight, or never actually the size you really are. Not to mention the annoyance of trying to put a good outfit together. Everyone wants to dress their best and look good at all times because frankly, it's a confidence booster. So here's the deal. Men's closets were due for a radical reinvention and R stepped up to the challenge. Ronan's commuter collection is the most comfortable, breathable, and flexible set of products known to man. And here's why. Rohn helps you get ready for any occasion. With the commuter collection, which offers the world's most comfortable pans, dress shirts, quarter zips, and polos. You never have to worry about what to wear when you have the Rone Commuter collection. R's comfortable four-way stretch fabric provides breathability and flexibility that leaves you free to enjoy what life throws your way from your commute to work to your 18 holes of golf, it's time to feel confident again without the hassle. With Ron's Wrinkle release technology wrinkles disappear as you stretch and wear the products. It's that easy. And with gold fusion, anti odor technology, you'll be smelling fresh and clean all day long. And on top of that, Rhone is 100% machine washable so you can ditch the dry cleaner altogether. I absolutely love Rone. It's comfortable, yet professional and has truly become my favorite clothing. We're on the move a lot. Whether it's jumping from meeting to meeting, or catching a flight or doing a hot take, whatever Rone commuter collection has never let me down. The versatility and overall comfort of the collection is undefeated. Even after I wear it all day, I still feel super fresh because of that gold fusion anti odor technology. The commuter collection can get you through any workday and straight into whatever comes next. Head to rone.com/midas and use that promo code Midas to save 20% off your entire order. That's 20% off your entire order when you head to RHON e.com/ MEIDAS. And use that code Midas, it's time to find your corner office comfort.


Now, I just again, want you to hear other perspectives here, like this is Kathy Griffin and Mary Trump talking about it. Let's play this clip. It has a distinct smell that doesn't really get enough press. It's like body odor with kind of like a scented makeup products, but you can smell the hair products even outdoors. Don't make that face, I'm just being honest. I know I, well, I, I, I don't know, maybe somebody needs to make a candle with that scent. Yeah, because that'll fly off the shelves. Right off the shelves. Christmas, this was another fact witness from the eighties talking about this issue. Play the clip. So you know, when you post something and then someone bigger than you, like Adam Kinzinger, confirm it.


And years ago I posted about Trump being kicked out of Keen Steakhouse in Manhattan, where I was eating with my father in 1983 because his smell was so offensive. This wasn't an elderly thing, it was 1983. I wouldn't make fun of Trump today if it was an elderly thing. That's not what we do on the left. It happens to elderly people. Trump wasn't elderly, we didn't complain. The table next to him complained, and the table behind him complained. We smelled it. But my father and I didn't complain about it. Trump was not elderly. The smell was so fucking offensive that they finally had to ask him to leave.


And he did leave quietly right by us, and it walked at us. Trump spent shitting all over himself for almost 40 fucking Here was Adam Kinzinger talking about it here. You could play the clip right here. I'm genuinely surprised how people close to Trump haven't talked about the odor. It's truly something to behold. Wear a mask if you can. Then Donald Trump responded to that and he had his team go after you and say, no, Kininger is the one who's smelly. And as Hillary Clinton said, if you could be baited by a tweet, how are you supposed to be expected to handle Vladimir Putin?


And, and, and other authoritarians? And Donald Trump clearly got baited by your tweet and your post. But let, let's just start with your post. The odor, the stench, the stink. How bad is it? What do you know about that? Yeah, I mean, it's not good. I mean, think about the best way to describe it. I, I've tried to like, so take like armpits, ketchup like a butt and kind of put it in a blender and makeup and put that all in a blender. And that's, and, and you bottle that as a cologne. That's kind of that. But it's amazing. Like I, I've been amazed that, you know, everybody's just kind of like learning about this now.


But again, I think the bigger point is he's a weak human being. But look at this. He had, he had his, people respond to me on this, by the way. They're always unnamed spokesmen because none of 'em wanna put their names, even though I think I know who's doing this. Like, they don't wanna put their names behind that because they know that their words are gonna live forever. And like, my goodness, I mean, Vladimir Putin, I'm gonna tell you Xi, president Xi of China, they're licking their chops at the idea of another Donald Trump term. Because I sat in the Oval Office once when Donald Trump begged a group of us to pull China's ZTE out of the sanctions list from the National Defense Authorization Act because he made a personal promise to President Xi.


'cause she asked him nicely on the phone. I mean, this is the kind of leader, you know, of the greatest country in the world that we're looking at reinstating and the odors, the odor. And, you know, I think that needs to stay alive. People need to keep talking about it because he's the kind of guy that would use something like that all the time against other people. He needs a taste of his own medicine. I think it's also important to note, and I think that there could be a connection and correlation here as well, that Donald Trump had turned the White House while he was in office into a pill mill where all of this medication was exchanged or, or, or, or are given out freely. The Department of Defense did a report on it.


The report was called the valuation of the DOD internal controls related to patient eligibility and pharmaceutical man management within the National Capital Region Executive Medicine Services. And take a look at the types of drugs that were being given out. One of the side effects to these types of drugs is not being able to control your bowels. Morphine, fentanyl verse said, ketamine verse said is the date rape drug that was being given out in massive dosages at the White House when Trump was in office. Fentanyl patches, fentanyl was being handed out at the White House with zero accountability when Donald Trump was in office. By the way, this was Dr. Bornstein who's a gastroenterologist.


He was Donald Trump's personal physician. Here was the note that he wrote when he was writing the, the, really the only medical letter that's ever been out for Donald Trump in 2015, if elected Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency. And here, Dr. B Bernstein ended up passing away in 2021 under some bizarre circumstances I might add as well. But here he is on M-S-N-B-C back in May of 2018, talking about how Donald Trump sent people to raid his office and seize Trump's medical file. 'cause Trump wanted to cover it up here, play this clip. Exactly. Were they looking for all his medical records, his pictures, anything they could find?


He must have been here for 25 or 30 minutes who created a lot of chaos. I couldn't believe anybody was making a big deal about a drug that's to grow, to grow his hair, which seemed to be so important. And it certainly is not a breach of medical trust to tell somebody they take CIA to grow their hair. What's the matter with that? So you put all of these pieces together you could judge and evaluate for yourself. But again, for those of you who were on the fence about this reporting, again, it's not to be like, oh look, Donald Trump's pooping in his pants, poopy pants, Donald type of Don. That's not what I'm trying to do here. Okay? I want to be very clear.


I'm reflecting that there are health issues that seem apparent. Okay? The same way Vice President Kamala Harris is calling it out. I'm giving you examples where these things are demonstrating, presenting themselves in public fora. So when he's there with world leaders, when he's at these places and he's running for the top office and he's relieving himself in public, that that's something that we should think about as a country, right? They were doing that with Biden. Why? Why for us? Is it, oh, you can't cover that? No. We're gonna cover that here on the, I'm gonna do detailed legal analysis, I'm gonna do all the other stuff, but I'm gonna cover things that I see before my eyes and I'm gonna report 'em to you.


And if you don't like these videos, you don't have to watch these. There's lots of other ones that we do. We do 12 videos a day, multiple live shows. But I think I have a duty to cover this. Well hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.