
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile unlimited premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid to get 2020. Maybe get 15 15, 15 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. 45 up upfront for three months plus taxes and fees promoted for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slows full terms@mintmobile.com.


Look, stop burying the lead and tell the American people the threats that Donald Trump poses to them and our national security. Look what just happened. Bloomberg spent some time with Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago. They wrote this puff piece on him, but buried in the puff piece is the fact that Donald Trump said that he would not commit to protecting Taiwan from an invasion by China. So we know what Donald Trump's foreign policy is. He's gonna do whatever President Xi wants. He's gonna do whatever Vladimir Putin wants. He's gonna do whatever Kim Jong un wants. Donald Trump wants to create an alliance of authoritarians.


He wants to be a part of that. He looks up to authoritarian. So here's what's in that Bloomberg piece, but you gotta like read deep into the article to kind of get there and they don't really flag it. It's like, here's what it says. Donald Trump's asked about whether or not he would commit America to protect Taiwan. And he goes, look, a couple of things. Number one, Taiwan. I know the people very well, respect them greatly. They did take about 100% of our chip business. I think Taiwan should pay us for defense. You know, we're no different than an insurance company. Taiwan doesn't give us anything. Taiwan is 9,500 miles away.


It's 68 miles away from China, a slight advantage. And China's a massive piece of land. They could just bombard it. They don't even need to. I mean, they can literally just send shells. Now they don't want to do that because they don't want to lose all those chip plants, you know, all those plants and they don't want to do that. But I will tell you, that's the apple of President Xi's eye. He was a very good friend of mine until Covid that I really, you know, I was, I didn't feel the same way. Same thing with Putin. Putin and I got along very well with our relationship. We were never in danger of a war.


He would've never gotten into Ukraine. I said, don't ever, ever go into Ukraine. The oil prices, it was so crazy. The oil price was so crazy. And it was always the apple of his eye. Just like with China, it's the apple of China's eye. It was the apple. It's the apple of his eye. But the day they left, they send 28 bombers right over the top. And they've been very aggressive ever since. They got ships all over the place. I wouldn't feel so secure right now if I was them. But remember this, Taiwan took our chip business from us. I mean, how stupid are we? They took all of our chip business, they're immensely wealthy, and I don't think we're any different from an insurance policy.


Why? Why are we doing this? They took almost 100% of our chip industry. I give them credit. That's because stupid people were running the country. We should have never let that happen. Now we're giving them billions of dollars to build new chips in our country. And then they're going to take that too. In other words, they'll build it, but then they'll bring it back to their country. And then, so there's a fact check, but you have to like read the footnotes here in this interview. And it says, Taiwan produces 92% of advanced microchips according to the Semiconductor Industry Association. And then it talked about in Trump's last year, Taiwan recorded 380 flyovers by China into their zone.


The largest number ever occurred when Trump was in office. But you have to go down and look at the footnotes to see that. Now, I know that the media and Donald Trump pretends that he wasn't in office for four years, but I very much remember him disgracing the office. So what were you doing with semiconductors when you were in office? The stupid people you're referring to are you. You were in office, you did not pass the CHIPS Act. And the issue that we saw was when Covid hit how dependent we were on overseas semiconductors because we were not making them here in the United States.


So President Biden pushed forward legislation called the Chips Act, which now has led to a semiconductor manufacturing boom here in the United States. And with the Infrastructure Act and the Inflation Reduction Act policies put forward and pushed by President Biden, we are in a much better position. And Donald Trump mentions oil for the first time under President Biden. We are energy independent, and I know that Donald Trump and MAGA want to go drill, baby drill while President Biden is focused on climate change as a real threat to our country and to the world, frankly, into future generations, to the survival of our species, which it is.


President Biden still has more domestic drilling than Donald Trump did, or as America has, or any country ever in the history of the world right now. Those are just facts right there. And so as you read this, how do you bury the fact that Donald Trump essentially is inviting an invasion by China of Taiwan and upending all of our policy? Donald Trump wants to take America out of nato. He will allow China to invade Taiwan. Donald Trump will give Ukraine to Russia. That's what he will do on day one. He will give you Ukraine to Russia. But you wanna know what the actual headline was from Bloomberg.


You wanna know how Bloomberg framed that story? Donald Trump now seems even more likely to be the next US president following a failed assassination attempt over the weekend. What might his second term in office mean for your portfolio? Look, I know what people's portfolios are looking like. Now. 4 0 1 Ks are through the roof. The stock market has hit record highs. The Dow yesterday was up 743 points in one day, over 2% growth in one day. The s and p 500 has hit record highs, record highs over and over again as a result of President Biden's policies.


But Bloomberg doesn't cover that. They don't give that the attention. And then they bury the fact that Donald Trump is going to sell out America's foreign policy. And then they have some narrative that doesn't even meet the data. According to five 30 eight's recent computer model with over 1000 projections, Biden wins 53 times out of 100. Trump wins 47 times out of 100. And if you look at the current electoral map, according to 5 38, while it gives Biden a 53 chance percent, a 53% chance of winning Biden is within 10% in Nevada, Arizona, North Carolina, and Georgia.


Trump is within 10% of Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. It's a toss up election. And we've seen pro-democracy, overperforming authoritarianism over and over again in actual election. So what in the world is that framing right there? Now let's take a look at what Nikki Haley had to say. Now, Nikki Haley endorsed Donald Trump based on a callous political calculation at the Republican National Convention as she was getting like booed by the crowd. But here's what Nikki Haley had to previously say on CNN when she was at the debate. Here, play this clip And should matter. First of all, I don't think we should give cash to any country friend or foe because you can't follow what, you can't hold it accountable.


I don't think we need to put troops on the ground and Ukrainians wanna win this themselves. But dictators always say, always do what they say they're gonna do. China said they were gonna take Hong Kong. They did. Russia said they were gonna invade U Ukraine. They, we watched it. China says, Taiwan is next. We better believe them. Russia said once they take Ukraine, Poland and the Baltics are next. Those are NATO countries and that puts America at war. This is about preventing war. It's always been about preventing war. If we support Ukraine, that's only three and a half percent of our defense budget. Biden. And no one else is telling the American people the truth about that. The Europeans have put in more than that and they should.


It's their neighborhood. But this is a pro-American freedom loving country. And we better remember that you have to be a friend to get a friend. And we needed a lot of friends September 12th. We've gotta make sure that we're having the backs of the right friends, because if Russia wins, China wins. There's a reason the Taiwanese want us to help the Ukrainians, and that's because they know if Ukraine wins, China won't invade Taiwan. This is about preventing war. Now, speaking of the Republican National Convention, one of the featured speakers at the event was someone named David Sachs. And during David says, a venture capitalist, all the tech bros want to pay less taxes.


So they're all in on Donald Trump. And they also are big supporters of Putin and Putin's policies. So here we have David Sacks here saying that the fault for Vladimir Putin, and this is actually what went down by the way, at the Republican National Convention, David Sacks says it was NATO's fault and America's fault for supporting NATO that Vladimir Putin felt he had to invade Ukraine. Play this clip. Then he provoked, yes, provoked the Russians to invade Ukraine with talk of NATO expansion.


Afterward, he rejected every opportunity for peace in Ukraine, including a deal to end the war just two months after it broke out.


So here's a pretty cool and positive story I want to share. So I got my Uncle MD hearing aids, and I saw him recently over the past weekend, and he told me how much better his hearing has been. This podcast is sponsored by MD hearing. MD hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost MD hearings. Neo model costs over 90% less than clinical hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear so no one will even know what's there. Plus MD hearing just launched the Neo XS MD hearing smallest hearing aid ever MD hearing recently cut their price in half. That means you can get high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297 A pair MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many of his patients needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. He made it his mission to develop a quality hearing aid that anyone could afford. I have been raving to everyone about MD hearing aids for a while now. MD hearing is just as good as premium quality hearing aids $297 for a pair of hearing aids. This good is crazy. I can't believe I was overpaying so much for hearing aids and I can't believe how much my uncle loves MD hearing aids Edward s calls MD hearing quote, the best hearing aid I have used at any price. It's like exactly what my uncle said. MD hearing has sold over 1.5 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with confidence, get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing, go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to get their new $297 when you buy a PAIR offer. Plus they are adding a free extra charging case and $100 value just for our listeners of the show. That's shop md hearing.com. Use our promo code Midas and get their new $297. when you buy a PAIR offer,


pretty good, like do we realize how radical and extreme that is, that at the Republican National Convention, they are out there supporting Putin's spreading Putin propaganda, And By the way. Here's a recent selfie video that Donald Trump made of himself saying the biggest threat to America are Americans. That he doesn't think Russia is a big threat and that he would consider removing America from nato. Play the clip at Home, the State Department, the defense bureaucracy, the intelligent services and all of the rest need to be completely overhauled and reconstituted To fire the deep staters and put America first.


We have to put America first. Finally, we have to finish the process. We began under my administration of fundamentally reevaluating NATO's purpose and NATO's mission. Our foreign policy establishment keeps trying to pull the world into conflict with a nuclear armed Russia. Based on the lie that Russia represents our greatest threat. But the greatest threat to Western civilization today is not Russia. It's probably more than anything else ourselves and some of the horrible USA hating people that represent us.


Now, here is Donald Trump in an interview that he gave with Fox Business saying that you remember in in the article the apple of his eye, the apple of his eye. Here's Donald Trump saying that he was the apple of Putin's eye play. The clip Putin would've never gone into Ukraine, but that was just on my relationship with him. My personality over his would've never gone. I, I used to speak to him, it was the apple of his eye, but I said, don't ever do it. And it was, you know, tough stuff there. But he would've never done it. But he wouldn't have done it. For another reason, and maybe this is even stronger, we with this green energy drove up oil, the oil price so high where he was getting $125 close a barrel, that he made so much money that he was able to go and prosecute the war.


Here's Trump saying that Putin liked Ukraine. It was the apple of his eye. You never heard these things being talked about. I knew about him because I'd be with President Xi. I talk and he likes Taiwan a lot. And Putin liked Ukraine a lot. It was the apple of his eye. But he never made a move with me 'cause he knew he couldn't do it. Remember this also with Putin, you know, they like to say, oh, Trump was softer. I I was tougher in Russia than anybody in history with the sanctions and everything else. You Said you could end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I Did. How would you do that? I know Zelinsky very well. I felt he was very honorable because when they asked him about the perfect phone call that I made, he said it was indeed per he, he said it was, he didn't even know what they were talking about.


He could have grandstand it. Oh, I felt threatened. Well, That's not gonna be enough for Putin to stop bombing you. No, No, no, no. I'm not saying that I, what I'm saying is that I know Zelinsky very well and I know Putin very well, even better. And I had a good relationship, very good with both of them. I would tell Zelinsky no more, you gotta make a deal. I would tell Putin, if you don't make a deal, we're gonna give 'em a lot. We're gonna give more than they ever got. If we have to, I will have the deal done in one day. One Day now. And here is former Australian Prime Minister Turnbull, Malcolm Turnbull and here, or he talked about Donald Trump's infatuation obsession with Vladimir Putin, how much he admired him.


Play the clip. When you see Trump with Putin, as I have on a few occasions, he's like the 12-year-old boy that goes to high school and meets the captain of the football team. My hero. It is really creepy. It's really creepy. Now I don't, and that struck you at the time. Oh, absolutely. It struck everybody. It was, it was like you could touch it, it was creep, but the creepiness was palpable. Are you trying to say they're having a bromance? No, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm just telling you what I saw. Regrettably, the Republican party under Donald Trump, and particularly the right wing of the Republican Party, are very sympathetic to Vladimir Putin.


I mean, I've been with Trump and Putin. Trump is in awe of Putin. Tyrants are often popular. You see, the key to democracy, liberal democracy is that it empowers the majority, but it also, through the rule of law, constrains the majority. And if you get to the point where anybody who can muster a majority, and I don't think Trump can do that by the way, but anyone who can muster a majority is given absolute power and then can do whatever they like to the minority. That's not a democracy. That is a tyranny. That that is, that is an autocracy. Even if it's got the support of 50, 51% of the population.


That is not what makes a democracy. A democracy as we understand it, is one where the rule of law protects all citizens. And the rule of law applies to all citizens, whether they're the president or the prime minister or an ordinary, you know, elector. Here's Donald Trump at his recent speech saying he didn't even know what NATO really was. Play this clip and This, I went, I didn't even know what the hell NATO was too much before, but it didn't take me long to figure it out, like about two minutes. And the first thing I figured out was they weren't paying, we were paying, we were paying almost fully for nato. Here he is praising Vladimir Putin and President Xi and another speech Xi of China.


When you see Kim Jong-un of North Korea, when you see Putin and you see all of these people, they're, they're at the top of their game, whether you like it or not. and they can't believe that this has happened to the United States. We Have now compare that to what President Biden recently said about NATO speaking at the 75th anniversary. Play the clip Before this war, Putin thought NATO would break today. NATO was stronger than it's ever been in its history. When this census war began, Ukraine was a free country today it is still a free country and the war will end with Ukraine remaining a free, an independent country.


Russia will not prevail. Ukraine will prevail. So if you want to actually report on this media, if you want to do your job report on these things, may maybe you wanna show, maybe a big headline is that Donald Trump's former national security advisor, John Bolton, says that Donald Trump will withdraw from nato, may maybe re maybe make that the biggest headline, that America will destroy nato and we will be plunged into chaos. That's not hyperbolic rhetoric. That's the, I'm showing you what the people are saying around him. Play the cliff. It's great to have you. I just wonder, kind of bluntly, if Donald Trump is reelected, do you think that means the end of NATO as we know it now?


Yeah. Yes, I do. I think he will withdraw. I I think you have to take, what he's saying is coming directly from, from, from what he has long been saying privately and, and in some cases publicly. It, it's a little disturbing now to hear some Republicans saying, well, you know, he's, he's just bargaining with NATO or this is just the way he talks, that that's not right. He, he has used this failure of many members, a majority of NATO members, to spend 2% of their GDP on defense as they all voluntarily committed to do in 2014. Not to strengthen nato, but to help destroy it. It is true that after his criticisms more was spent by European members of, of NATO on defense.


But that wasn't gonna change his mind because there were a lot of other criticisms he had as well. So, you know, it is, I I was, I was there with him in the spring of 2018 at the NATO summit in Brussels, where he damn near did get out of nato. He is serious about it. And whether you're a Trump supporter or a Trump opponent, don't, don't think he's kidding about this one. Yeah. Now you can say, oh, all of that's fake news. Trump's all this is all one big, everything's a lie. Don't listen to them. Well, I, I've never, I've never comprehended that concept that the only thing that we have to believe no matter what is this Republican propaganda, whatever it happens to be each day, shame on all these media networks.


Shame on them. I mean, they have had this mask off moment and we see who they are. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together, spread this message. Let people know what's up. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.