
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Donald Trump is having a meltdown this morning as Ukrainian President Zelinsky is standing up to Donald Trump and not submitting Donald Trump, making this post on his social media platform calling Zelinsky, quote, a dictator who better move fast or he is not going to have a country left Donald Trump threatening Zelensky and Ukraine just outright overt threats on social media. Let me read for you this entire post that Donald Trump made this morning. He goes, think of it, A modestly successful comedian, Voldemort Zelinsky talked the United States of America into spending $350 billion to go into war that couldn't be won, that never had to start, but a war that he without the US and quote, Trump will never be able to settle.


Just pause right there. What a despicable, dastardly thing to say right there. As those zelensky scam, the US know Donald Russia unlawfully invaded Ukraine and Russia and Putin want to take over Europe and they also want to crush the United States. I know your Putin's puppet, but the but Putin and Russia want to destroy the United States of America and all of Europe and we do not want to be part of Russia. Unlike you. Trump goes on to say the United States has spent $200 billion more than Europe and Europe's money is guaranteed. While the United States will get nothing back, pause right there will get nothing back.


Do you understand the United States place in the world? Also, Donald Trump's numbers are never accurate. Why didn't sleepy Joe Biden demand equalization in that this war is far more important to Europe than it is to us? We have a big, beautiful ocean as separation On top of this, Zelensky admits that half of the money we sent him is quote, missing pause right there. There's a reason earlier today that Zelinsky said that Donald Trump is literally living in Russian disinformation echo chambers. And by the way, I think Zelinsky is being diplomatic there. Donald Trump is the Russian disinformation echo chamber as the main purveyor and spreader of these lies that are all lies.


Zelinsky never said that at all, but let me keep on reading. It goes on to say he refuses to have elections, is very low in Ukrainian polls and the only thing he was good at was playing Biden quote like a fiddle. Just pause right there. His polling number is lower than it was at the start of the war. Zelensky still polls above 50% to Donald Trump. Yesterday during a press conference, while Trump was vacationing at Mar-a-Lago, Trump said Zelensky approval rating was 4%, which is entirely, entirely false. Also, the talking point that Ukraine needs to hold elections before there is any negotiations or peace talks to to happen.


That is a Russia talking point as well. Donald Trump, just taking the Russia talking point directly from Vladimir Putin, he goes on top of this and then he says, A dictator without election zelensky better move fast, or he's not going to have a country left. In the meantime, we are successfully negotiating an end to the war with Russia. Something all admit, only quote Trump and the Trump administration can do, and he randomly capitalizes Trump and puts it in quotes 'cause he's a sick, disgusting, psychopathic, malignant narcissist who refers to himself like that Biden never tried, which is false.


Europe has failed to bring peace and Zelinsky probably wants to keep the quote gravy train going, I love Ukraine, but Zelinsky has done a terrible job. His country has shattered and millions have unnecessarily died. And so it continues. What a traitorous and despicable statement this morning to be made by the leader of the United States. Shame on Donald Trump and all of you spineless, cowardly Republicans who went there to Munich, who shook zelinsky, he's hand and said, we've got your back. We've got your back. While still being complicit and supporting this wacko, authoritarian, wannabe regime here, the authoritarian regime that looks up to Putin here in the United States.


Let me just share with you what Zelinsky said over the past 24 to 48 hours when he was asked why he didn't sign a contract that the Trump administration put in front of him without any security guarantees at all, demanding that zelensky provide all of the Ukrainian rare earth materials and minerals to the United States with no guarantees in return. Just sign on the dotted line. Zelensky. What Donald Trump was trying to do was a shakedown. So Trump and Putin can split the plunders of Ukraine and create a Russia centric world order. Here's what Putin said, let's play it. The problem With what they presented.


What was the issue of what the Americans showed you yesterday? It's not in our interest today, not in interest of sovereign Ukraine. I I'm just president, I'm a manager and after my tour there will be another manager. And this resources, this is not mine of our people and I'm, I'm a guarantor that this resources will have our children with all partners. Please make profits, make business is open for your companies.


In some cases exclusive to your please. We are strategic partner and that's why we trust Americans, American people and European, some European countries who helped a lot. It's about it, but it's not mine. I'm, I'm not take give. So it's very serious things. Okay? And by the way, remember what Donald Trump said while he was campaigning? Do you remember when he said that he would end the war before he even took office? 'cause he says he knows zelinsky well and he would be able to resolve the situation in 24 hours.


He said even, even before he took office during the transition, he'd be able to accomplish it. Well, I've got the receipts. Let's play that clip. Could End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I could. How would you do that? I know Zelinsky very well. I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that. I Mean, but by the way, Donald Trump lies about everything. I mean it's the video of him saying that he was going to, well, I, I'll just do the side by side here, okay. Of Trump saying that he was going to bring down prices on day one. Prices were going down under former President Biden and now the prices are going back up. Inflation is back and it's surging under Donald Trump because of his reckless economic policies that have hit America very, very quickly.


Here, Play this clip. Starting the day I take the oath of office, I will rapidly drive Prices down and We will make America affordable again. We're gonna make it affordable again. Yeah, And, and inflation is back. I'm only here for two and a half weeks. That was January Inflation there back. Don't think of it. Inflation's back and they said, oh, Trump infl. I had nothing to do With it. In addition to that post about Zelinsky, Donald Trump then posted fact sheet President Donald J. Trump reigns in independent agencies to restore a government that answers to the American people. What Donald Trump is referring to is he signed an authoritarian unlawful executive order yesterday while vacationing as well in Palm Beach.


That, and according to this executive order, the only person who can tell an agency what the law is. It's not judges, it's not the agency's own expertise that Donald Trump declares whatever the law is for all agencies and that he has the direct control and that everybody, whether you're the SEC, whether you're the FCC, whether you're the FEC, whether you're the FTC, what whatever the agency is, you now report directly to the Office of Management and Budget. Russ Vote, the author of Project 2025, who reports directly to Donald Trump. These agencies in the past had been independent agencies that that pursue their independent policies.


But now Trump is saying, it all goes through me. I say what the SEC does. I say what the FEC does. I say what everything does. Donald Trump is an authoritarian here Play this clip. Lastly, we have another executive order that President Trump signed relating to independent agencies. This executive order would establish important oversight functions in the Office of Management and Budget and its subsidiary office, OIRA, supervising independent agencies and and many of their actions. And also reestablishes the longstanding norm that only the president or the Attorney General can speak for the United States when stating an opinion as to what the law is.


Thank you very much, will. That was the primary purpose of this conference. Just so you can see this executive order for yourself, it's called ensuring accountability for all agencies. And If you read it, it goes on to say that it says that in order to approve administration of the executive branch and to acre and to increase regulatory officials accountability to the American people, it shall be the policy of the executive branch to ensure presidential supervision and control of the entire executive branch. Moreover, all executive departments and agencies, including so-called independent agencies, shall, shall submit for review all proposed and final significant regulatory actions to the Office of Information Regulatory Affairs within the executive office of the president before publication the so-called he calls 'em so-called independent agencies.


Also, If you look at section seven, Trump's new executive order instructs federal employees to ignore the judiciary's interpretation of the law and follow his instead. Meanwhile, you have Doge. It looks like they're changing the numbers where they're claiming fraud exists. So yesterday they claimed that they found $8 billion in fraud. But when you actually looked at this specific company's government contract, it didn't say 8 billion, it actually said 8 million, but Doge said that they saved 8 billion and then they changed the numbers it looks like in the computer system to have it rere reflective of 8 billion. I actually reached out to that company directly and the company told me that it was 8 million, a ceiling of 8 million, not 8 billion as Doge had said.


And then we're also learning that depart Department of Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome warned all of her employees that they would be getting polygraph tests to crack down on leaks that agency officials say, have foiled immigration raids. All polygraphs must include questions on unauthorized communication with media and non-profits. Ellen Gilmer got that scoop right there. Great work, Ellen. That's what we got for you right now. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.