
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This is what it looks like to live in Donald Trump's America today. That video was taken in Los Angeles, California, where an unlawful assembly was declared after ICE was engaged in vicious raids in courthouses in Los Angeles, in factories in Los Angeles at Home Depots in Los Angeles. And while all of that's taking place in LA and across the United States, we highlighted what was going on in San Diego and Memphis, in Massachusetts, and frankly in every state. Here's what Donald Trump's been posting, just inspected the site of a new ballroom that will be built.


Compliments of a man known as Donald J. Trump at the White House for 150 years. Presidents and many others have wanted a big, beautiful ballroom the hell. And then Donald Trump reposts Roger Stone saying it's time to put President Trump on Mount Rushmore. Congresswoman Anna Napoleon, a Luna has sponsored legislation to put Trump on Mount Rushmore and he urges people to support that initiative. So while Donald Trump is posting about Mount Rushmore, you have things escalating in Los Angeles. Here, play this clip right here.


But what is Donald Trump doing? Well, he's posting things like this, the new presidential portrait of one of the most consequential presidents in world history. That's what he's posting. Or he's reposting this message by David Scho, who goes, I was hired to lead Jeffrey Epstein's defense as his criminal lawyer nine days before he died. He sought my advice months before that I can say authoritatively unequivocally and definitively that he had no information to hurt President Trump. I specifically asked him, so Donald Trump's reposting a dude who literally knew Epstein nine days before Epstein died.


And Donald Trump thinks that that's helpful to him. Meanwhile, Trump's feud with Elon Musk continues. And Elon Musk writes, I will apologize profusely as soon as there is a full dump of the Epstein files. Elon Musk says that the reason Donald Trump has not released the Epstein files is because the DOJ is covering it up because Donald Trump's name is all over it. And Donald Trump seems pretty scared about Elon Musk. Donald Trump was on Air Force One. He was asked about Elon Musk and Donald Trump said, I just wish him well. I just wish him well, is what Donald Trump said. Here, play this clip. Mr, What's your view on Elon Musk as him today?


I mean, are, have you heard from him at all as your team? Honestly, I've been so busy working with China, working on Russia, working on Iran, working on so many. I'm not thinking about him on the China and I just wish him well. And while Donald Trump says, I wish him well, this is what's going on outside of MDC in Los Angeles. Take a look at, you see ice officers, L-A-P-D-A-T-F and protestors right there. Here play this clip.


And I think seeing the contrast between these images just shows you what's happening in America, how detached Donald Trump is. And it's not just Donald Trump sending ice to disappear migrants in courthouses and construction sites like people who are following the law and people who are, who are working, that's who ICE is attacking. But Donald Trump is not addressing the horrible storms that have killed dozens of Americans over the past month or several weeks. No mention of that. No mention of our troops who have died in Lithuania and two troops who died in New Mexico. He doesn't mention that.


And then when Donald Trump's asked these softball questions like on Air Force one, did the Ukraine drone airstrike against the bombers, did that change your view that Zelensky has the cards, Zelensky iss incredible military operation against Russia. Donald Trump's response is no. That just gave Putin a reason to go and bomb the hell out of them. So again, Donald Trump takes Putin's side here on Air Force One play this clip. Did the Ukraine drone strikes against the, the bombers inside Russia, the Airbus, did that change your view at all the consequences, the cards he has? Well, they gave, they gave the boat. No reason to go in and bombed the hell out of him last night.


That's something I didn't like what I saw. And I said, here we go. Now it's gonna be a strike. You know, I did something that people don't talk about and I don't talk about very much, but we solved a big problem and nuclear problem potentially India and with Pakistan. And I spoke to Pakistan, I spoke to India, they had really great leaders and they were going at it. And they could have gone on in nuclear boat, nuclear country, strong nuclear countries. And I talked about trade and I said, we're not doing trade if you guys throw bombs at each other. And they both stopped. And I stopped that war immediately. That was going, as you know, that was going much further. And hopefully not to nuclear, but might have gone to nuclear.


In fact, it might have gone to nuclear in the next round. But we stopped it. And I, I'd like to comment the leaders of both Pakistan, And again, we just have the most pathetic person in the Oval Office. Every aspect of this guy is pathetic. You know what? He's gearing up for a military parade. A dude who's never been in war before, who's never had a military victory, is doing a military parade on his birthday. It's also despicable. And also another taco moment. Trump always chickens out. Remember when Donald Trump said, no way knowhow, under no circumstances will he be bringing Abrego Garcia home. Abrego Garcia, the migrant who lived in Maryland, who was disappeared to Sea Cot the detention center.


I call it a concentration camp in El Salvador. The Supreme Court said, facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia. Trump said, never going to happen. Well, they did bring back Abrego Garcia on Friday, but then the Trump regime immediately indicted Abrego Garcia on a trafficking charge for bringing other migrants into the United States in a conspiracy to commit trafficking. But then Trump and Pam Bondi started like linking Abrego Garcia to like child trafficking and like being a terrorist and things that were nowhere in the indictment either. But here's what Trump says about Abrego play this clip.


He should Have been returned. He should have never, he should have never had to be returned. You take a look at WhatsApp, you take a look at what they found in the grand jury and everyone else. I thought Pam Bond did a great job today, As soon as Abrego Garcia was indicted, Ben Schrader, who was spent 15 years working in the United States Attorney's Office in Nashville, because the indictment happened in Nashville, Tennessee. Ben Schrader, former chief of the criminal division, he quit. He posted his resignation actually on LinkedIn the moment that politicized indictment dropped. And this is someone who was in the Obama administration, the Trump administration, Biden administration, and now Trump administration.


It is interesting to see what they're talking about on right wing media. This is what Charlie Kirk says about Trump play this clip. Now, 10 years later, we're supposed to believe that it's gonna be a smoking gun of something in the Epstein files. But what is in the Epstein files is, yes, president Donald Trump is probably mentioned. He was mentioned in the Epstein file dump back in February. You know why he lived in Palm Beach? There's probably thousands of names in the Epstein files. Was he part of the Epstein client list? Absolutely not. That is complete nonsense. But to say that Donald Trump is not releasing the Epstein files because he's in them in some incriminating way, yes, it's very clear that if you live in Palm Beach, you might've been mentioned and caught up in some sort of conversation with Jeffrey Epstein, and This is in Memphis yesterday.


Here's what went down a hat tip to the Tennessee Holler for posting. Play this clip. Mouse. Mouse. You say Why? As Justin Wolfers explains, he's an economist. He's a professor at University of Michigan. He says, here's the progress report on the 90 countries. The White House is negotiating trade deals with, there's zero deals in 90 days. So far, what happened in the United Kingdom was not a deal. It was just Donald Trump capitulating or, or the united, it says this is not a deal.


On the bottom, it says, this is a memorandum of understanding and not a binding deal. The unemployment rate is slowly creeping up. It is really the highest it's been. I think since like 2021. There was some growth in the healthcare sector and in restaurants, but there was no growth really anywhere else. We lost 8,000 manufacturing jobs in the past month. There was 92,000, 92,000 jobs lost. There was a revision over the past two months of jobs that were lost. And then again, while you have these horrific images that I've been showing you across the country, this is Donald Trump golfing.


And here's just kind of what Donald Trump, this is what he goes about and does. This was taken a few months ago, but this just goes to show you like, like, like this is what he's doing. It's just he's, he's just a gross dude. Here play this clip. Oh, look, oh, I love that girl. I love that hair. I want her hair and I buy your hair. I'll pay you millions for that. What were you gonna call the court? I I, wow. I, It should also be noted that Washington DC's Reagan National Airport is set to close on June 14th because of Trump's birthday military parade.


So Trump's gonna be causing massive flight delays. You have Donald Trump posting the following Trump meme coin is a tracker of his success. Somehow he's touting his meme coin. How disgusting. How disgusting is that is my, and then the last thing I wanna point out is, here's Peter Navarro talking about, oh, don't worry, the deals are coming with Maria Barma play this clip. Are you expecting more trade deals in the near term? Because Peter, we keep hearing that, you know, India could be next and the the EU is doing this fast tracking. When are we gonna have more deals to, to talk about in terms of tariff deals? Back Up.


Well, the United States Trade Representative building, I, I dunno if, if you've ever been over there, it's right across the streets, this historic building that played a really important role in the Civil War. But it looks more like a deli now, where you go in and you get your number and you stand in line and, and you do that. So you can negotiate with Jamon Greer, the USTR and Howard Lutnick, the Secretary of Commerce. And that's where we're, what we're doing, we're we, we've got a formula and a template. We go through five different verticals to make sure the American people are protected and we will have deals. It, it takes time. Usually it takes months and years in this administration.


It's gonna take more like days. We're on task and on target. And at the end of the day, you know what we want, Maria, all we want is fairness. We have the highest tariffs facing us in the world and the highest trade barriers. It's, it's not a China problem, it's a world problem. And we're, we're gonna fix it. 'cause that's what President Trump does. I'm gonna do a whole nother hot take on what's going down in Los Angeles. I want you to watch that. Keep checking in on our videos today. I've got a lot of videos that I've been working on that I wanna share with you. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. We're pretty close to 5 million, so thanks for watching and have a good day. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.