
This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills and case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel, see Progressive's, other benefits and more. When you quote RV insurance@progressive.com today, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, pet injury is an additional coverage and subject to policy terms.


So I got my hands on the original investor deck for Trump Media from 2021 when they were trying to launch this thing, and I was giving everybody the red flags a source who got this investor deck, sent me the PowerPoint presentation. I wanna share it with you right now and I wanna show you just how far off the projections were from what investors were being told in 2021 to what is happening right now with Trump Media. I'm sure you know that the Trump media stock is crashing.


Was that like $16 and 98 cents yesterday? It dropped 74 to 75% since March dropped 74 to 75%. I just want you to think about that, but let's take a look. How far off Trump Media as a publicly traded entity is today off from its projections from 2021 So. here is the deck that was sent to investors in 2021. You see it right here. Trump Media Group, digital World Acquisitions investor presentation November, 2021. I'm gonna go through a bunch of the key pages with you, but I want to cut right to the chase on the projections First revenue projections.


So in 2023, the total revenue projections was $114 million. In 2023, projected revenue in 2024, the projected revenue, $835 million revenue projections. You see that page right here? Let's see how far off from reality those projections were. Well, if we take a look in 2023, total revenue was not 130 million. Total revenue was $4.1 million in 2023 total revenue for the entire year, and the company lost over $58 million in 2023, a loss of 58 million on just 4.1 million in revenue.


Now remember that last page I showed you where it has the projected revenue in 2024 of $835 million? Well, let's take a look at what the headlines were recently. The company behind former president Donald Trump's social media platform, truth social reported a net loss of $16.4 million in the second quarter on Friday, revenue fell in the second quarter to 836,900 from 1.19 million a year earlier. A 30% decline right there.


But if you take a look at the year so far in 2024, the entire year, the company reports $343 million in total losses. This year. We're talking about 800 or so in 826,000 in revenue last quarter. The quarter before that was right around the same. So of course, the revenue nowhere near $834 million or whatever it is, and there's been a $343 million loss. The projections cannot be further from the reality right there.


And you can take a look right now at the consolidated financial statements right here, and you can see the losses for yourself. You can see the very little revenue that's been made for yourselves. I mean, we're talking about Trump media right now, making less revenue than like a single McDonald's franchise that's perhaps in your neighborhood. And let's be clear that franchisee is not making or not losing hundreds of millions of dollars and probably not losing money. Let's just go through this deck right here. But I think it's important that what we frame this as is remember what Fox Propaganda and all the right wing propaganda media tries to tell us their whole entire thesis for Donald.


Trump is he's a businessman and we need to run our country like a business, right? That's what they say. And then they interview people at the Trump events who parrot that propaganda like this. Let me just show you people at the event here, play this clip. Need the country to be run like a business. Donald Trump's an excellent businessman, and when he was our president, it was run like a business.


Most clothes are uncomfortable or too tight, or never actually the size you really are. Not to mention the annoyance of trying to put a good outfit together. Everyone wants to dress their best and look good at all times because frankly, it's a confidence booster. So here's the deal. Men's closets were due for a radical reinvention and Rone stepped up to the challenge. Ronan's commuter collection is the most comfortable, breathable, and flexible set of products known to man, and here's why. R helps you get ready for any occasion. With the commuter collection, which offers the world's most comfortable pans, dress shirts, quarter zips, and polos, you never have to worry about what to wear when you have the Rone Commuter collection. R's comfortable four-way stretch fabric provides breathability and flexibility that leaves you free to enjoy what life throws your way from your commute to work to your 18 holes of golf. It's time to feel confident again without the hassle. With R'S Wrinkle Release technology wrinkles disappear as you stretch and wear the products. It's that easy. And with gold fusion, anti odor technology, you'll be smelling fresh and clean all day long. And on top of that, Rone is 100% machine washable so you can ditch the dry cleaner altogether. I absolutely love R. It's comfortable, yet professional and has truly become my favorite clothing. We're on the move a lot. Whether it's jumping from meeting to meeting or catching a flight or doing a hot take, whatever Rone Commuter collection has never let me down. The versatility and overall comfort of the collection is undefeated. Even after I wear it all day, I still feel super fresh because of that gold fusion anti odor technology. The Commuter collection can get you through any workday and straight into whatever comes next. Head to rone.com/midas and use that promo code Midas to save 20% off your entire order. That's 20% off your entire order when you head to rh ON e.com/i DAS and use that code Midas, it's time to find your corner office comfort.


That's why it's important that we go over, we go over the investment deck like this and show you the investor presentation and we say, okay, this is how you want to run America. Could you imagine if our stock market was down right now, 75%? Look, I know that Donald Trump makes posts like this over and over again. He says it's crashing, it's crashing. I told you so. I told you this was going to happen. He tries to create panic, right? He made a selfie video of himself just yesterday. He made a selfie video of himself saying this Kamala Crash, we're going to have a crash like 1929.


If she gets in, it will not be pretty. thank you. Let's stick with the data, okay? With Biden Harris, the stock market, if you wanna look at the Dow, the s and p, the Nasdaq basically up 50 to 55% or so since Donald Trump left office. On the other hand, since March over the past six to nine months or so, Trump media is down 75%. Could you imagine what that would mean for our country if our markets were down 75%? It would remind me of what it was actually like when Trump was in office. Where was the toilet paper lines miles long for food banks?


Donald, Trump bragging about all of the publicity he's getting from press conferences as he tells us to inject bleach into our arms as we see on the side of the scream, traveling morgues and mass graves. That's what was happening in 2020. I remember vividly, it's why I quit where I was working to work on Midas Touch basically full time. Okay, here's the investor presentation. Trump Media Group, digital World Acquisition Corp. And the first page, you have the chairman and CEO Patrick Orlando is advertised to investors. Well, where's Patrick Orlando now? Well, in true Trump fashion, Patrick Orlando is suing Trump media, and he accused Trump media of engaging in corporate espionage to destroy him.


Trump media suing him, lawsuits in Florida, lawsuits in Delaware, lawsuits everywhere. So see you later. Patrick Orlando, also, Patrick Orlando and Digital World Acquisition Company had to admit that it was involved in financial misconduct with Trump Media to the SEC for engaging in improper communications and had to pay a settlement. Take a look at this right here. Trump Media and Technology group, at a glance, look at how Trump was trying to portray truth social, the comps, the comparisons were Netflix, Disney, and iHeart and Twitter and Facebook.


And it said that truth social was gonna be as big as Netflix, Disney and iHeart. Those were the comps right there. And as you go through the deck, they talk about an inclusive, big tent approach that Trump Media was going to have. You think that they've implemented an inclusive big tent approach. And so they show Trump's following on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram. And then they compare that in this investor deck to the total subscribers on Netflix, Twitter, and iHeart to try to say that all of those people are going to be become what paid members of a Trump media platform and that there's gonna be billions of dollars that are going to be made.


Again, those are the comps. Again, another page right here of comps and the types of revenue. Netflix, $27.5 billion in revenue, iHeart 3.2 billion in revenue. Twitter, $4.8 billion in revenue. Now, as a way to kind of justify Donald Trump's business success, it goes history of Trump's entertainment successes. And this is what they're saying are his big successes, right? They can't really mention other businesses because he pretty much bankrupted most of his other businesses. So here's what they were selling to Investors. Apprentice wins for NBC Apprentice, top C-S-I-N-B-C, renews Apprentice Ratings, NBC, miss Universe Pageant Top Sunday in Demographic.


Donald Trump sells Miss Universe to W-M-E-I-M-G. So the history of his successes is saying The Apprentice and Miss Universe and Miss Universe ratings and Miss Universe selling. Take a look right here, another page of this deck that we got our hands on showing a comparable company analysis. And again, they try to compare Trump media to, you know, Facebook and Netflix and companies like that. It then talks about on this page, financial Projection Assumptions, and it assumes that the total users of True Social is projected to reach 81 million by 2026 based on the results of a 2021 Politico poll of registered voters.


Well, I mean, that's why I say you really can't trust polls if that's actually what it said, because I don't even think they're getting close to, again, I have to go check it again. I don't think they're getting 10 million views yet alone users in a 30 day period. The last time I think I looked at it, Midas Touch YouTube was getting like two or three times as many viewers in 48 hours than Trump Media in an entire month period was the last thing. I was the last thing I saw right there. And then take a look at the pro forma revenue projections right there. And again, you see in 2023, $114 million in revenue, twenty twenty four, eight hundred and thirty five.


Next year, 2025, the projection is 1.8 billion. And then 2026, they're estimating $3.6 billion. And as I told you when you looked at it, they've lost about 330, $340 million this year. And I don't think they've cleared $2 million in revenue this year. Now, one of the things that I was showing was Trump's own auditors warn that the losses raised substantial doubt about the ability of Trump media to even continue. Remember, over a year ago, I was going through the auditor's report, By, the way the auditor basically entered into an agreement with the SEC for engaging in fraud as well, and the auditor had to be replaced.


But here's what the auditor report said, as discussed in NO two to the financial statements, the company's operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as an ongoing concern. It says it right there that it's unable, likely unable to continue as an ongoing concern. And now when you want to add to this, you have Donald Trump bringing in a MAGA Republican Devin Nunes, and then he's doing what these magos do, blaming other people. We're, I'm demanding that the Magos and the House of Representatives that they look into this, there's a lot of suspicious things.


Remember a while back when Devin Nunes said that By the way Devin Nunes it appears has been dumping his stock to try to cash in as well. Here's what Trump media, CEO, Devin Nunes said that there needs to be congressional investigations. He said this a few months back, which I was saying, hello, another red flag about where this is going. play this clip. You know, I spent my career in Washington doing some of the most complicated investigations that that there's ever been in Washington, some of the biggest scandals that there were. And so if people are screwing with this stock, we're not playing games with them. We're going to find out because, you know, we know that with our retail shareholder base, we're not, you know, we're not stupid here.


We know that all the big banks in This country are not going to recommend our stock. They're not gonna put it into their funds. So we're relying on retail investors to invest in the stock. That's okay. That's not a problem. But if the big banks and the trading companies don't actually have the shares to short, that's a big problem. So if they think they're gonna screw with us and they think we're not gonna figure out, I, you know, figure it out. I got, I got news for 'em, we're gonna come after them. And amen. And this is what He said as well, play this clip. Look, we're here to defend our retail shareholders. Like I don't give a damn if Wall Street doesn't wanna support us. In fact, we welcome it. But we have millions of retail shareholders, or we have millions of, of people around the globe or in the United States.


We have hundreds of thousands of retail shareholders. We don't have any institutions. Zero, zero Wall Street money. That's okay. But when you see irregular behavior occurring where it looks like our retail shareholders could be taken advantage of, which is what many of our shareholders believe, and if they call me or they contact us, we have a responsibility to reach out to the, to the NASDAQ to say, Hey, we're seeing this. We're gonna get to the bottom of it. If there is, if there's not the obvious response, if you think there's nothing wrong, you say there's nothing wrong. You don't go out and and basically attack me personally. You basically just say, Hey, there's nothing wrong.


We'll, we'll love to work with you, and that's how it should be done. So since they're making the personal attacks, if we continue to show up on these lists and it appears like there's unusual activity, you can be damn sure that this investigation will continue. And that'll include if we have to go to the Congress, if we have to take legal action, we will do whatever it takes to defend our retail investors. And what's at the heart of all of this, Chris, remember at the beginning of the week, Joe Biden mentions true social and our stock price. Isn't that weird? That happened at the beginning of the week. I, I saw That. Now, the last thing I want to show you again is if you went through the SEC disclosures by Trump Media, you would see that one of the required disclosures that Trump media has to make is the bankruptcies that its founder had in the past.


The SEC requires that for publicly traded companies, So, here is the disclosure that had to be made. A number of companies that were associated with Trump have filed for bankruptcy. There can be no assurances that Trump media will not also become bankrupt. This is from Trump's filing. Entities associated with Trump have filed for bankruptcy protection. The Trump Taj Mahal, which was built and owned by Trump, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1991. The Trump Plaza. The Trump Castle, the Plaza Hotel, all owned by Trump at the time, filed for chapter 11 in 1992. THCR, which was founded by Trump in 1995, filed for Chapter 11 in 2004, Trump Entertainment resorts, the new name given to Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts after its 2004 bankruptcy declared bankruptcy in 2009.


While all of the foregoing are in different businesses than Trump media, there can be no guarantee that Trump media will exceed the performances of these entities that went bankrupt. And then here's another disclosure that Donald Trump made. A number of companies that had license agreements with Trump have failed. There can be no assurance that Trump media will not also fail. Trump shuttle launched by Trump in 1989, defaulted on its loans in 1990 and ceased to exist by 1992. Trump University, founded by Trump in 2005, ceased operation in 2011 Amid lawsuits and investigations regarding the company's business practices.


Trump vodka, a brand of vodka produced by Drinks America under license from Trump, was introduced in 2005, discontinued in 2011, Trump Mortgage, LLCA financial services company founded by Trump in 2006. Ceased operation in oh seven go trump.com. A travel site founded by Trump in oh six ceased operation in oh seven Trump Stakes, a brand of stake and other meats founded by Trump in oh seven discontinued sales two months after its launched. While these businesses were in different industries than Trump media, there can be no guarantee that Trump media performance will exceed the performance of these entities.


I just laid it out there for you folks. That's Trump in his own words. You see what's happening to Trump media. And again, I do not want our work country being run like the way he runs his companies. That's one of the things. He's a loser. He's not a good business person, he's not a builder his whole life, the data reflects that. He's a destroyer. He's screwed workers wherever he goes. And finally, just take a look at what Goldman Sachs is saying under Trump, our GDP would be in shambles, much lower than what it would be under vice President. Kamala Harris, every single metric right now, economic wise, our country is doing better.


It's just the data. Lower unemployment wages are up, job growth is up. Energy independent for like the first time. Our economy is growing faster than any other G seven Nation right now. Our inflation is more under control than any other G seven nation right now. And By the way, Trump was the one who added $8 billion of debt. 'cause he runs things like this. He runs things like a loser, and you see how he's doing it. Take all of that data. You can show this video to your MAGA friends or whoever, because I'm just going through the facts. Folks, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together.


Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.