
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify. The global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/tech, all lowercase. That's shopify.com/tech.


Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We honestly, when I started this, I thought I only had to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees, extra speed, lower above 40 gigabytes. C, details.


Donald Trump speaking in Tucson Arizona, his first speech after losing the debate to Vice President Kamala Harris, and he's out there whining and calling a B, C stupid. Here, watch this. We're gonna let that happen. We can't let that happen again. But when they had exit polls 2016 and they said, oh, he's getting killed in the exit polls, and I remember NBC and that stupid A B, C that did this horrible debate, those two people should be fired as an anchor. Couple of more years they'll be fired. And she was nasty. She looked at me with hatred in her eyes and him.


He's a nice guy. I mean, they were told to do it by George Slop. Dolos, who's right? Seriously. As Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski says, how anyone can think that this soft, weak, pampered, whiny, crybaby, snowflake and makeup, hair transplants, girdle and heel lifts, whose feelings are constantly hurt by some mean person as some kind of tough guy, alpha male, is a complete mystery to me. Here he is, then claiming that he won the debate. Play it. Wow. As everyone saw two nights ago, we had a monumental victory over comrade Kamala Harris in the presidential debate.


We won big with independent voters, moderates Republicans, and working people all across this nation, putting forward a clear vision to very simply make America great again. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris showed up spewing empty rhetoric, the same old lies, meaningless platitudes, offering no plans, no policies, and no details whatsoever, nothing. And it just goes on and on. So completely unhinged, like, watch this. She went over to A, B, C, which in my opinion has taken a big hit because these two people were bad news.


They kept screaming at me. I said, why are you screaming? I'm saying myself. I'm looking at, I always liked him. I'm not gonna watch him anymore. I'm not gonna watch him because he is not legit what he did. I'm not gonna watch him. And his hair's not as good as it used to be. You know? Then Donald Trump goes and says this, let's play it. Because you know the athletes, they say, I left it on the field. I left it all on field. Well, I did because I did seven major rallies for two days, seven each. Who the hell could do that? People were saying nobody else could do it.


You think Biden could do it? I don't think so. I don't think Biden would do that, but don don't. I don't know if he'd do one, And it's just whiny and weird. Play this clip. But this is the fake news media, just like these two fakers that were up this weekend. I think they really hurt their career. I really believe that. I think they hurt. I hope they did. Here he goes again, play it. He said, how great was my speech tonight? Did you see the size of that crowd? Oh, and by the way, her crowds are zero. Her crowds, she's got no crowds. They bust the people in. They pay buses to bring people. Nobody here rode in on a bus. I guarantee you that unless you own it.


Yeah. I don't even understand how to, to the point I made earlier. How are you even sitting there watching things like this? Not good when I imitate Joe Biden not being able to find his way off the stage, which happens all the time. No, it happens all the time. I get decimated by the fake news media and sometimes they say, look, he can't find his way off the stage either. You have these stages. They have like four or five stairs, usually 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Well, is this a government owned building? They have, And like this, If I mispronounce one word, like I called mismanagement, I said the Bureau of Mismanagement.


Well, I was kidding. They won't say that. They'll say he's cognitively impaired. I mean, folks, this is as unhinged as you get here. Play this one At levels that nobody has ever seen before. In addition to Aurora, Colorado, there's a place called Springfield, Ohio that you've been reading about 20,000 illegal Haitian immigrants have descended upon the town of 58,000 people destroying their entire way of life. This was a beautiful community, and now it's horrible. What's happened? What is he even running on at this point? What, what is the, what is this? And the fact that people normalize this behavior here, play this clip from this event.


Have you ever wondered how much of your personal data is floating around on the internet for anyone to see? It's more than you think. Your name, contact info, social security number, home address, it's all out there compiled by data brokers and sold online. And as someone who exists publicly and shares opinions online, I am hyper aware of how important safety and security really are. It's scary how easy it is for someone to find your personal information. Unfortunately, I've seen firsthand how this could lead to real world consequences like doxing and harassment. Look, we're living in a time of intense political polarization, and over the last decade we've seen a rise in politically motivated threatening behavior online. A major factor in this is how easily people could access sensitive personal information according to delete me, data brokers have info on 98% of US citizens, and the amount of personal data available online has tripled between 2019 and 2023. That's an average of over 525 pieces of personal info per person, all available for free or as little as $5 per profile. You can't always control whether you become a target, but you can make it harder for bad actors to get your personal information. That's why I personally recommended Delete Me. Delete Me is a subscription service that removes your personal info from hundreds of data brokers. Here's how it works. You sign up and provide, delete me with exactly what information you want. Deleted near experts. Take it from there. Delete Me isn't just a one-Time service. They are always working for you, constantly monitoring and removing the personal information you don't want on the internet. Plus, they send you regular personalized privacy reports showing what they found, where they found it, and what they removed. To put it, simply Delete me. Does all the hard work of wiping your and your family's personal information from data broker websites, take control of your data and keep your private life private for signing up for Delete Me. Now at a special discount for our listeners today. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan when you go to join delete me.com/midas and use that promo code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join delete me.com/midas and enter code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout. That's join delete me.com/midas. Code Midas.


When I return to the White House, we'll require, we will require, And then this is again what he's running on. This is like the policy here. Play this clip Recording of 9 1 1 calls. Even show residents are reporting that the migrants are walking off with the town's geese. They take into geese. You know where the geese are in the park, in the leg, and even walking off with their pets. My dog's been taken, my dog's been stolen. This can only happen. It's punching down. It's xenophobic. It's mean. It's weird. You play this clip And illegal Haitians, and he came in illegal Haitian migrants taking over a beautiful place.


It was so beautiful. Springfield, Ohio. I was there. I campaign there a while ago. Springfield, it was so beautiful. Now it's just, what a place can you imagine? You have this small little community, all of a sudden you have 20,000 illegals in your community. Nobody knows where they come from And he keeps on going here, play it. But I was very happy because I got the endorsement of the Vice President's family and I got the endorsement of the Vice President's brother and even sent me a contribution and, and I was very happy because Barack Hussein Obama, his brother, as you know, endorsed me.


So Noah, his brother, endorsed me. Here's another one. Let's play it almost Like nothing. Here are the other pillars of my plan to end this nightmare and help millions of Arizona families afford the house of your dreams. We will rapidly reduce inflation by slashing energy causes. I've got another one for you right here. Let's play this clip. But now Arizonans are experiencing an affordability crisis, and this is a crisis of, And can we contrast that just for a moment with Vice President Kamala Harris? Here's what she had to say in a speech she gave. Let's play that clip. And as Stacey mentioned, you heard what He said in the debate.


He, he has no plan to replace it. He said. He said, concepts of a plans. Oh, you all watched the debate. Concepts. Concepts, no actual plan concepts and understand what's at stake on that. 45 million Americans are insured through the Affordable Care Act, and he's going to end it based on a concept.


Here she is again, play it. 'cause you know it's all about him. It's not about you. Well, folks, I said it, then I say it. Now it's time to turn the page. Turn that page. Turn that page. Here's one more clip of Vice President Kamala Harris from earlier today. Let's play it Like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do.


And here again is contrast that with Donald. Trump show you this. You saw it Well, and this, It's the biggest 'cause. Can you imagine your child goes to school and they don't even call you and they change the sex of your child? No. Think of it. And you know who the, And this And the suburbs were safe. That's why when they say suburban women maybe don't like Trump. I think they're wrong. I think they love me. I do. I never had problems with women. I never had any problems.


Well, there you have it, folks. Enough, enough you could see their words for themselves. Make your own evaluation, make your own impressions, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.