
The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that new Customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From Fleet Management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise Mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road at Enterprise Mobility dot com.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand, this a i Goodbye too. Woo. I'm saving So much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


So Wall Street fund managers are now telling the press that they believe Trump is actually clinically insane. The New Republic highlighted recent statements made from fund managers who think that Trump's behavior indicates that he might have lost his marbles. You think you're just coming around to realize that Now he's someone who continued to brag about cognitive exams and man, person, woman, elephant, or whatever the heck the exam was. By the way, he was doing that again yesterday when he went on Air Force One, which by the way, he struggled to get into Air Force when we've got the video here. He didn't know how to put the umbrella back to its original position, and he couldn't get into the door, and he got stuck pulling the umbrella through a door where the umbrella didn't fit.


Then he goes on Air Force One, I don't wanna play a lot of Trump clips on this video, so indulge me. I'll tell you what he said. He goes, I just took a cognitive exam. It was a hard one. I took the exam. I did well on it. I did great. I did better than Biden on the cognitive exam. This is what he was talking about last night. So he goes on Air Force one flies to Mar-a-Lago on the taxpayer dime charging we the people, the taxpayer, literally tens of millions of dollars so he could go back to Florida and vacation again over and over again every weekend. This is what he does now before he left.


As the bond markets are continuing to implode, as the dollars crashing as the 10 and 30 year treasury yields are going to levels that they should never be at, at all, showing stability as they continue to go up, reflecting great instability with the American markets as mortgage rates are now over 7% as the Euro and yen rising. As I mentioned, the dollars crashing as China and their foreign ministry and Xi Jinping have made statements that they're never gonna bow or submit to Donald Trump. This is what Donald Trump was doing yesterday. This was one of the big things he did.


He took the portrait of President Obama in the White House and he got rid of it and he replaced it with an image of him in the Butler Pennsylvania incident with his fist up. Tacky, disgusting, despicable, weird, you name it. And then the sources close to Donald Trump. Were telling CNN that Donald Trump's been telling people at Mar-a-Lago while he's vacationing and partying, that he loves this shit. He says he's loving all of this, the chaos, the suffering. He says that he loves this shit.


You take a look also, by the way, at Doge and it's quote unquote, attack on government waste, fraud and abuse. Okay? Right now there's more federal spending under the Trump regime by significant amounts than under former President Biden. Doge is a complete and utter failure. And when Donald Trump says, I'm loving this. S what? What, what? What are you loving, Donald? You're loving that. The people are suffering. You're loving that our former allies that you've alienated are working together, isolating the United States.


They're coordinating strategies to dump American treasury bonds to cheapen it. They're coordinating strategies to retaliate against you, and you're too busy talking about cognitive exams and how you love this S word and vacationing while attacking our allies that you have no clue or former allies, I guess based on what you've done that you have no clue what's going on. What, what is it that you love, Donald? Do you love the fact that the Atlanta Federal Reserve is now predicting A GDP contraction in the first quarter of somewhere between 2.5%, so negative 2.5% G-P-D-G-D-P and three point negative 3.7 GDP, when if you literally did nothing and let former President Biden's economy go on auto drive, it would've been 3.9% or even 4% growth.


What are you loving, Donald? That there was a helicopter crash in the Hudson. Another incident involving the Department of Transportation in the Federal Aviation Administration. Two planes clipped each other's wings at Reagan National Airport. There was another plane crash in Palm Beach. I mean, is this, what is this? You? Is this, this the what You're loving, your loving. This S word consumer confidence is falling to its lowest point in 45 years. The University of Michigan Consumer sentiment survey shows Americans across all political cohorts believing that there's going to be 6.7% in inflation.


As I mentioned before, mortgage rates are surging. The Social Security Administration, in addition to gutting 90% of its regional staff, is now gonna be shifting all of its public communication to Elon Musk's social media App X. So if you're on social security and you need to know about your benefits or have issues, you can't go to a regional office. You have to go on Elon Musk's social media app. That's the plan. And by the way, are y'all hearing about that on corporate news or are they too busy still talking about former President Biden's cognitive, whatever they want to talk about?


I remember under former President Biden, there were 16.2 million jobs created. There was record low unemployment. I remember there were 40,000 infrastructure projects that GDP in the United States beat the entire world. I remember the Wall Street Journal under former President Biden said the United States economy was the envy of the world, And that other economic analysts at America had a Goldilocks economy that was being passed from former President Biden to Donald Trump. But you called him sleepy. He was sleepy. He's too boring for you. Well, are you not entertained now? Is this the type of entertainment you wanted? As the Trump regime crashes our economy, as Larry Fink, the CEO EO of Blackstone said, we're already in a recession.


He believes, and the CEOs, he talks to already believe we're in a recession as JP Morgan and MetLife and others believe there's a 60, 70% chance of inflation. Let me just take a look at what the White House claims that their major victories were this week. This is what the White House posted. These are their big victories. La Dodgers and racing champions. That was your big victory. LA Dodgers and racing champions bilateral with Netanyahu bilateral. What you met with Netanyahu, again, as you talked about ethnic cleansing of Gaza, taking the people and moving them to other countries, that that, that's your celebration.


145% tariffs on China, where China has now retaliated and imposed 125% tariffs shut the China market down. So no US products could get in it's economically non feasible both ways that that's, that's the win here. As China mocks you, as China's foreign ministry spokesperson calls you a barbarian. That that's the, that's the win. By the way. China's cutting deals with Europe. China electric vehicles gonna go to Europe. They're working on free trade deals together. Australian beef in higher demand than ever. People just aren't buying from the us Europe, Europe tourism to the United States going down significantly.


Canadians boycotting the United States. Oh, by the way, Canadians on Vancouver Islands were out for the resistance tour packed house in on the Vancouver Islands, watching Charlie Angus give a speech. And we got a nice shout out at the Midas Touch Network here. Watch the crowd of Vancouver Islands. Charlie Angus gave a shout out to the Midas touch. This was a cool moment though from last night. Shout out Maple Midas. That's the, the Midas touch supporters. They know this in Canada. You're the Maple. The Maple Midas here Play this clip. Ben Silas. Anybody watch Night as Touch? Ben Silas wants to say he's safe to say hi. So why don't you say hi to Night?


Oh, and by the way, I'm sure you know this by now, but store dot midas touch.com, a hundred percent made in Canada, you know, we wouldn't do it anyway differently. A hundred percent made in Canada. Maple Midas gear at store, midas touch.com. And then there's also a bunch of other gear on store dot Midas touch do com before the Canadians, maple Midas, 100% made in Canada.


So Donald Trump went on the the plane Air Force one to go back on on his vacation. I don't wanna play the clips, I just don't want to hear his voice this morning. So let me tell you what he said. I took a physical exam, I took a cognitive exam, I aced the exam. He said the bond market is going good. It had a little moment, but I solved the problem very quickly. I am very good at that stuff. It's actually up at 20 basis points since he claims he solved that stuff. It's higher, meaning it's worse right now. The treasury yields than when he said I solved it. He doesn't know I, I don't think he knows what a treasury yield is, a 10 year, a 30 year. I don't think he knows how the treasury bonds are auction.


I don't think he understands how any of this works. Then he goes, we're always going to be the currency choice. As long as you have somebody smart, the dollar's gonna be the currency choice. When people understand what you're doing, I Think the dollar will go way up. It's going to be stronger than ever. Currently the dollar is crashing. Then Donald Trump just says a bunch of odd stuff. We're making a lot of money as a country now. We were losing billions of dollars a day now and we're making billions of dollars a day. We brought it down to 10%. So that made it a little bit less. I did that because I wanted to be fair to other countries. A reporter asks him, can you tell us about the test? Did you take the man woman person camera TV test?


And then Donald Trump can't recall what his cognitive test was. He goes, it was a pretty well known test, whatever it is. I got it right. I didn't play the clips. Okay. Our, our RFK Junior gave a speech in front of the FDA on Friday and during the speech in front of the FDA, it was a 40 minute tirade during which he made disability slurs calling people the R word. He spread deep state conspiracy theories and accusations that agency employees were becoming sock puppets for industries that they regulate. Also, the Trump administration has ordered the State Department employees to report on any instances of coworkers displaying anti-Christian bias as part of its effort to implement a sweeping new order on supporting employees of Christian faith.


That's what they're focused on here. And let's just take a look at what Republicans in the Senate voted against as part of what's called a vote around. This is where Democrats introduced amendments to the budget bill on the budget plan, and this is what Republicans voted against. They rejected ruling out tax breaks to the wealthy tax relief for the middle class reversing Doge cuts to the Social Security Administration, rescinding tariffs that increase the cost of groceries, preventing Medicaid cuts, preventing increasing drug costs for elderly and disabled Medicare enrollees prohibiting using commercial messaging apps to talk about military operations.


So literally the Democrats said, we want to introduce an amendment blocking the Trump regime from using text messages to talk about war plans. And the Republicans in the Senate said, Nope. We're okay with that. We are good with that. As Don Winslow says, CNN is not telling you, but you can just say any corporate news. They're not telling you that the US dollar is crashing, that Euro is rising us. Consumer confidence has plummeted to the lowest point since 1952. And US retailers are suspending orders and halting shipments as the global supply chain grinds to a near halt.


We're telling you about it on the Midas Touch Network. 'cause those are the facts. I Think when you watch the Midas Touch Network, when the news happens, you're not surprised. 'cause we're telling you, here's the data, here's the charts, here's what's actually going on. So it's not like all of a sudden ranking news. It's just no, we, we are following this. We know what's happening. We'll keep you updated every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers. We got a lot of videos coming out today, some great interviews with senators and and other people. I Think you're gonna en enjoy the programming that we have on schedule today.


Remember, check out store dot midas touch.com and go to midas plus.com as well. M-E-I-D-S-P-L s.com. Thank you. Can't Get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.