
Take nothing for granted. You have to get out and vote. You just have to get out and vote. We cannot accept it. What they do is it's the only thing they do well. They keep the Policies. Kamala Harris has stunned Donald Trump by accepting another debate challenge, catching him off guard as his campaign falters. Trump is terrified to debate people keep leaving his rallies as he rambles, and he has now resorted to sending late night all caps, incredibly creepy messages directed at women as his poll numbers. Show even more warning signs. My name is Brett Mycells with the Midas Touch Network. I'm here to break it all down for you, but first I want you to quickly hit that subscribe button and if you already hit subscribe, hit the bell so that you never miss a video.


Oh, hit that like button too while you can. So this is what's going on this weekend that has Donald Trump completely panicked. On Saturday, vice President Harris accepted an invitation from CNN for a debate. On October 23rd, campaign chair Jen O'Malley Dillon said that quote, Trump should have no problem agreeing to this debate. It is the same format and setup as the CNN debate he attended and said he won in June. Remember, Donald Trump and his aide have been saying that this entire time, anytime, any place that was before he got his butt kicked by Kamala Harris at the last debate. Donald Trump was quick when he was in North Carolina on Saturday to say that he was not going to debate. He was too chicken or as He said, I would love to, but it's actually, it's too late.


Watch this. She's done one debate. I've done two, it's too late to do another. I'd love to in many ways, but it's too late. The voting is cast. The voters are out there immediately. Is everybody voting? Please get out and vote. Just for reference here, the final debate in 2020 was on October 22nd, this proposed CNN debate is October 23rd. Trump is just simply running scared. Meanwhile, these are the kinds of things Donald Trump is posting on social media. He writes, women are poorer than they were four years ago, are less healthy than they were four years ago, are less safe on the streets than they were four years ago, are more depressed and unhappy than they were four years ago, and are less optimistic and confident in the future than they were four years ago.


Let me stop there for a second and just remind everybody that four years ago we were in the throes of one of the worst pandemics ever. People were dying by the thousands every day. People cannot even find toilet paper in the stores. They were refrigerated morgues and I could go on and on. I would say we are doing much better today than we were four years ago. Donald Trump continues. I will fix all of that and fast, and at long last this national nightmare will be over. Women will be happy, healthy, confident, and free. You will no longer be thinking about abortion because it is now where it always had to be with the states and a vote of the people, and with powerful exceptions like those that Ronald Reagan had insisted on for rape, incest, and the life of the mother, but not allowing for then Trump tells even more lies about abortion.


I will protect women at a level never seen before. That is rich coming from an adjudicated sexual assaulter. He says they will finally be healthy, hopeful, safe and secure. Their lives will be happy, beautiful, and great again. The fearmongering just doesn't stop, and I think Donald Trump may be the last person who could be keeping women safe. This message is just absolutely weird and atrocious. I mean, if somebody even just texted this to you, any person, any person texted this to you, you saw it appear on your phone, you would say, this person needs to be 51 50. This person is actually insane. They need some serious help and it's no different. When we see these messages from Donald, Trump, Donald Trump followed up his outreach towards women by then calling M-S-N-B-C host Stephanie Rule a dumb as a rock bimbo first thing Saturday morning, he wrote the ratings challenged Bill Maher on his increasingly boring show on HBO is really having a hard time coping with Trump derangement syndrome.


He's a befuddled mess, sloppy and tired in every conversation with B and c list. Guests seems to start with or avert back to me this week. He had dumb as a rock bimbo Stephanie rule from M-S-D-N-C on the show, along with a Trump hating loser. Brett Stevens, who seemed totally confused and unsure of himself, much like Ma himself, Stevens, and he does a apostrophe in the wrong place should find himself another line of work because I am driving the failing New York Times absolutely crazy and it is hard, perhaps impossible for a writer to write well of me without suffering. The wrath of the degenerate editors who with a push from the top have gone insane.


They apologize to their readers in 2016 for their complete and total miss, and they'll do it again in November. The failing New York Times is a badly run newspaper that has totally lost its way, put it to sleep. Just so much whining. And aren't we tired of this America? Aren't you just exhausted of this endless whining and complaining from Donald Trump every single day? You know, I think this is a part of the reason right here why Donald Trump is in such a panic because this Pennsylvania poll came out by Mass Inc. This is an a plus rated poll in one of the most important swing states in the country at the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This poll has Kamala Harris up 52% over Donald Trump to 47% a five point lead.


And when you dig into the cross tabs of this poll, there's even more interesting information because this poll, it turns out, was taken with an R plus four sample, meaning there were 4% more Republicans than Democrats in this poll. And Kamala Harris still led by five. Kamala Harris's approval rating is soaring across the country. The net approval rating for her right now is plus 0.1%. Having a positive approval rating in 2024 as a politician, let alone the vice president of the United States who is running for the presidency is absolutely unheard of. Meanwhile, Donald Trump has a net negative approval in the double digits. He is absolutely underwater.


You know, I was just thinking that maybe Donald Trump's anger towards the New York Times in that message earlier stems from the fact that the New York Times this week did a close photographic analysis on how people leave Donald Trump's rallies while he's still speaking. They analyzed all these photos and showed that the people get bored and they walk out. You could see it in this picture. Not only could you see it in that picture at Donald Trump's rally in Wilmington, North Carolina on Saturday, reporters are saying that 28 minutes into a speech, so many attendees were leaving the rally. Here's the footage, but Take nothing for granted. You have to get out and vote. You just have to get out and vote. We cannot accept it. What they do is it's the only thing they do well.


They cheat the Policies. So Donald Trump continued to ramble on for at least 40 minutes after that, just the same old boring stuff. Meanwhile, in Virginia, the Kamala Harris momentum, you see it turning into votes. On the first day of early voting, the voting center at the government center in Fairfax saw 3,907 early voters nearly triple the number of voters from day one in 2020, particularly high turnout in blue areas of Virginia. As people go to place their votes for Vice President Harris and Governor Tim Walls, and we're seeing this sort of swing state energy up and down the ballot in Michigan.


Look at what the state represented, posted. She's running for reelection in Michigan. She said, sending out a big thank you to all our volunteers. This is Jamie Churches. She says it is because of our teamwork that we were able to mail out nearly 18,000 handwritten postcards to downriver voters. I am so grateful for all the support and I love that. I love seeing people getting involved in our democracy and not just sitting back. And you could do that too. If you have any opportunities to get involved in a campaign to help out, make sure you do that. Look up opportunities online. You could call local democratic offices, support candidates who support democracy. That's all we're asking. And also, check your voter registration and ask your friends to check their voter registration.


Kamala Harris spoke in Madison, Wisconsin and she spoke about lowering costs in front of this massive crowd. Check this out. We also need to lower the cost of living because while our economy is doing well by many measures, prices for everyday necessities like groceries are still too high. You know it and I know it. So I have a plan to lower costs on everything ranging from healthcare to groceries, including taking on corporate price gouging. And my plan includes giving a tax cut to a hundred million Americans, including $6,000 by expanding the child tax credit for the first year of a child's life, to to help young and new parents buy a car seat, a crib, baby clothes in that most significant phase of their development.


And all of this is to say, I will always put the middle class and working families first. I come from the middle class and I have never forgotten where I come from and I never will, and I never will. And I think Anthony Scaramucci summed up the state of the Trump campaign Best Donald Trump's former press secretary writing Trump supports a black Nazi and if he loses the election, it will be the fault of the Jews. That's what Donald Trump said. He said he would blame the Jews if he loses. How are people still supporting this? Well, it's a great question, mooch. It's a great question that we ask every day, but that's why we need to continue to spread the truth here by sharing these videos, by sharing this information, Donald Trump has refused to disavow Mark Robinson, the governor, embroiled in this new scandal reported by CNN in which He said he supports slavery and calls himself a black Nazi.


The North Carolina GOP is also standing by Mark Robinson blaming the liberal media for Mark Robinson's actions as per usual. But let me show you these two quotes. Here's a quote. These are real quotes. Here's one from Mark Robinson. He said, slavery is not bad. Some people need to be slaves. I wish they would bring it back. I would certainly buy a few Donald Trump about Mark Robinson said quote, this guy is Martin Luther King on steroids. The absolute nerve of that comparison right there, Donald Trump is now selling official Trump coins with his face on it for a hundred dollars. Yeah, so you got Donald, Trump, Hawking Crypto, these digital coins. He has no idea what that is, and he is hawking actual coins with a little bit of silver in it for a hundred dollars.


Silver is currently selling for about $30 an ounce. Trump is selling one ounce coins with his face that he says are 0.999% silver for a hundred dollars. Trump writes. Good morning everyone. I have something incredible to share today as we are introducing the launch of our official Trump coins. The only official coin designed by me and proudly minted here in the USA, the president Donald J. Trump first edition Silver Medallion, will be available exclusively starting Wednesday, 9 25, 24, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. He gives the address And. this is real. I'm not making this up. Here's Donald Trump talking about these coins with his very beautiful face on it. That could be yours for a hundred dollars.


Watch.


Hello Everyone. I have something incredible to share. Today we are announcing the launch of Trump coins, a true symbol of American greatness. Trump coins are designed by me and minted right here in the USA, this beautiful limited edition coin commemorates our movement, our fight for freedom, prosperity, and putting America first. We always put America first. It's more than just a collector's item. It's a testament to the resilience and strength of the American people, our American patriots that we love so much. This coin is composed of 99.9% pure silver with a beautiful proof finish and it's really something very special. Each coin comes with a certificate of authenticity with my signature to ensure you have purchased a real Trump coin. I've seen a lot of coins out there using my very beautiful face. I'm very beautiful guy. I am only kidding, but they are not the official coin. Real trump coins.com is the only place to get an official Trump coin. This is a limited edition product, so be sure to follow our page at Real Trump coins to stay updated and secure yours as soon as it's released. Together we will make history in America secure your piece of American greatness today. Thank you and God bless America.


And of course with the Trump's grifting is a family affair. So on the same day you have Melania Trump who has been absent from the campaign trail, but certainly taking a lot of Trump's super Pac money for her hair and her clothes and all of her personal needs. Melania Trump writing to all my passionate collectors. I am thrilled to unveil 2020 four's limited edition ornament series. Merry Christmas America. Each unique piece captures the magic of the holiday season. Let these ornaments inspire cherished memories and bring warmth to your entire family. Happy collecting. And if you think the grift stopped there, then think again. Donald Trump is also selling these Trump saving pets from Kamala Harris shot glasses, continuing to push this debunked lie about Kamala Harris and migrants, migrants in Springfield, Ohio, eating pets and eating dogs.


The thing that has turned Donald Trump into a complete and utter laughing stock, but at the same time has turned Springfield, Ohio into a area that has become dangerous as the migrants there have become threatened by people with bomb threats, evacuations, and the like by people. Thanks to people like Donald Trump and JD Vance spreading these lies about this community. Donald Trump is selling these shot glasses. They were $25, now they're on sale for 1199. Meanwhile, let's check in with Donald Trump's stock from the week, which continues to follow. I get, I think, the trajectory of the Trump campaign down 26.36% over the past week now at $13 and 55 cents a share.


So Shirley, like JD Vance is on the circuit. He's talking to people about issues that matter, right? Maybe he's like centering this campaign. Let's check in with what JD Vance was saying in the Port Pennsylvania. It's so amazing when you get, when, when you have kids and you see how innate their personalities really are. So the the 7-year-old is probably somewhere around here reading a book. He's like his mother and the four and a half year old is, is, is is much more like his daddy. He's probably trying to find a building to burn down or something like that, Huh, as Tim Wall says. Very weird, weird, weird stuff everybody. Anyway, that's where we're at right now with the Trump campaign as Vice President Harris surges. You just see Donald Trump out there panicking.


You see JD Vance out there, completely rudderless And. this has been the theme that we have seen, especially pick up since the debate. This is a campaign and chaos, a campaign that is absolutely flailing and we are going to report on it every step of the way. But to make sure that you catch all of our updates, make sure you hit that subscribe button and make sure you hit the bell. The bell gives you notifications anytime we post a video. Hey, could you do this for me as well? Add the Midas Touch Podcast anywhere you listen to podcasts on audio, we post these takes on the podcast feed. You could listen to them when you're driving or anytime and leave a five star review. That really helps as well. Hey, thank you so much for listening. I'll be back with a new update soon.


Until then, I'll see you next time. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.