
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit Chem Dry dot com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit Chem Dry dot com today.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, It's tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%. Vans down 1.7, Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Tracking Always know your car's worth with Carvana Value Tracker.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 T's and C's apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


Donald Trump just gave a disastrous press conference in Qatar. He began by talking about Pete Buttigieg riding bicycles and Pete Buttigieg riding bicycles really makes Donald Trump upset. And that was something that Donald Trump wanted to share with the Qatari. Here play this clip. Tree comes down also, by the way, it's so intense. The, I mean, you see these trees being knocked down like, like they're being sawed down by a top of the line Timberman, like, like You know who Sean Duffy? Do You know that Sean Duffy, the head of the transportation department who's working right now in the airports and getting a system because Biden didn't do a thing for four years.


And Pete Buttigieg was the head and he goes, bicycle into work. He takes a bicycle to work. Can you believe he's, he's running the biggest air system in the world and he takes a bicycle to work. What a and and they say he's gonna run for president. I don't see it. Who knows, right? But I don't see it. But when I look at what they've done is so horrible, what they have done and the work they did do, they wasted billions of dollars. They tried to hook up air systems to, to copper, and they tried to hook up copper to glass and the glass doesn't work with the copper. And they had 30,000 different contractors doing 30,000 jobs.


And when they put it all together, they spent billions of dollars. It didn't even come close to working. And we're gonna be giving out a brand new system. It's very important that we'll have the best system and, and we think we know who that system is. But we have a lot of, Really, Donald, that's what you're thinking about while you're at Al Palace in Qatar begging them for $400 million gold plate to jets. You've got Pete Buttigieg on your mind. You know what he else, what else he has on his mind? So he's talking about how drones are being used in the war when Russia unlawfully invaded Ukraine and how it shoots down trees.


And then he says, Sean Duffy climbs trees. His transportation secretary loves climbing trees. Here play this clip. When you look at what's happening with Russia and Ukraine, the drone is killing tremendous numbers of people. You hide behind the tree and the drone comes down and it circles you with, with fire. You don't have a chance. The tree comes down. Also, by the way, it's so intense. The, I mean, you see these trees being knocked down like, like they're being sawed down by a top of the line Timberman like, like You know who Sean Duffy? Do You know that Sean Duffy, the head of the transportation department who's working right now in the airports and getting a system because Biden didn't do a thing for four years.


And Pete, So then he continues to talk about Sean Duffy climbing trees. And he goes, did You know transportation secretary Sean Duffy is a tree climber? Did You know he climbs the trees here, play this clip. We're Gonna be giving that out pretty soon. But, but what people don't know about Sean, 'cause I mentioned lumberjacks that Sean, you probably didn't know this, that I'm not talking about this Sean. This Sean. No, not, this is not, this is a different Sean. Sean Duffy, the head of transportation. He's a great Sean though, I have to tell you. But Sean Duffy was the world champion for five years climbing trees and down, up and down world champion. So that's what you call a serious lumberjack.


And he is doing a fantastic job to really respected guy and terrific guy. And I mentioned the champion because when somebody's a champion, he's the world champion for a long time, he came down. When you come down those trees coming down at a rapid, he said that started getting you back. You will often break your back. You, you miss a, you miss a shot and you're coming down a lot faster than the human body was meant to come down. But he's doing a fantastic job at transportation. But this has been a very historic trip. I watched, this Is what you're saying in Qatar, you're talking about Sean Duffy climbing trees.


Then Donald Trump again blames former President Biden for all of the issues we're having with our air traffic safety system. I dunno, maybe it's the fact that y'all fired people at the FAA, that Elon Musk and you ripped apart our government agencies like Donald. You do realize that unfortunately you were in office from 2016 to 2020 and you would also be responsible for this also. You know, there were no issues under former President Biden like this. There all happening now with your incompetent tree climbers here play this clip Had 30,000 different contractors doing 30,000 jobs. And when they put it all together, they spent billions of dollars.


It didn't even come close to working. And we're gonna be giving out a brand new system. It's very important. And we'll have the best system and, and we think we know who that system is, but we have a lot of, a lot of bidding. But we want one check. We want a a unified system. We don't have 5,000 contractors in all different places. Some digging ditches and some not doing ditches because they wanna go by satellite. Satellite seems to be the way to go Next. Donald Trump praises the leader of Syria who offered Trump to build a Trump tower in Damascus. And then he goes on to talk about he's a strong person, not a weak person.


It's just a bunch of blabbering, rubbish. Play this clip. And I met the new leader of the country and he's got a, You know, strong pass. I'll be very nice. He got a strong pass. But I liked him a lot. I think he'll be a great representative and we'll see. You are gonna have to have a strong pass to put that one around. You can't, you cannot be a weak person. If you're a weak person. We would just be wasting time. So he is a strong guy and I thought he was good and let's see what happens. But we're gonna give him a fighting chance by taking off the sanctions. So More of Trump talking about Syria, let's play it. Been a big fight. And the other, of course, the Syria, we took out the sanctions and that's been, I didn't even realize it's been many, many years that they've had sanctions.


And as You know, there was a, a very big change at the top. And I thought that we have to give 'em a chance. They really have no chance with the sanctions. They were very biting, they were top of the line. Nobody could even deal with 'em. You couldn't even, you couldn't make a phone call to serious. So we, we did that. And You know, and one of the things that makes Trump such a vile piece of trash and just an overall horrible, like just person and and leader, but just a horrible person, You know, he's there in the Middle East and he spends all of his time not setting forth a vision of what to do, right? That's what leaders do. Here's the plan, here's what's gonna happen. Here's here's how I wanna strengthen our relationship.


He just goes there and whines about Biden. Oh, Biden was bad. Biden was bad. Oh, I'm sorry. He was so bad. First off, he wasn't, he didn't need to beg cutter for $400 million jets. He didn't have to go around to the Middle East and beg, he understood who America's true allies were in nato, unlike you who's now trying to cancel the United States from going to the G 20. But here he is, right here. Just listen to what Trump says. Let's play it. Say, and we're, we're doing something very special. But it's a special country. You know, we were losing the Middle East because the past administration didn't handle the relationship properly, didn't show the kinda respect that they deserve.


And me, I have a lot of respect and I have a lot of liking. I like the Crown Prince a lot. I've known 'em a long time in Saudi Arabia and the Amirs fantastic. And we're going to another country in a little while. UAEA fantastic man, fantastic leader. And they have great leadership talents in this part of the world and that's why they're doing so well. And Donald Trump starts talking about like military equipment and it gets really bad really quickly. Here he starts and 'cause he pretends he knows what he's talking about. And so you'll see me showing you clips where he talks about submarines and F 30 fives and, and and how many engines he thinks should be in there.


And he doesn't like stealth. He goes, I'm not a stealth fan. But anyway, here he is talking about submarines and, and he tries to like explain and he has no clue what he's talking about. Play the clip full Weapon out. As you say, we're also doing very heavy on submarines. We have a lead on submarines that I don't think, unless you have a really, really stupid group of people including the president, I don't think anybody can catch us on submarines. We have sub our submarine in particular, the late, the late model this we're, we're 15 years advanced on the submarine. Nobody can even come close. It can stay underwater for 30 years. Think of it, the only reason it has to come up is for food.


It doesn't need water because they have, You know, they have their system of water, which is they can stay forever. The only reason it has to come up is for food. Can you imagine it could stay underground for underwater for years going at fast speeds to very fast speeds but has to come up once every couple of months for food. There's something about that. I don't know if we're gonna be able to solve that problem, but hopefully it's not gonna be a problem we have to worry about. But the submarine, we are so far advanced in the submarine, so we're


Very, this time of year, it's time to shake off those winter blues To get ready for a fresh start. And that includes your hair. I've been using the iris door lead and I've gotta say I was skeptical at first, but this thing is legit. I pop it on when I'm watching TV or answering emails completely hands-free, super comfortable and honestly kind of relaxing over time. I started noticing less shedding and more regrowth, especially around my temples where I noticed a little bit of thinning. I've tried other LED devices before, but none of them felt this effortless or gave me these kinds of results. The Iris Store Elite is in a league of its own with 282 lasers and LEDs that deliver light therapy right to your scalp. It's like a spa day for your hair follicles. So give yourself the gift of hair confidence this spring for a limited time only our listeners get $625 off their I Restore Elite when you use Code midas@irestorelaser.com, that's $625 off your I Restore elite@irestorelaser.com with promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Please support our show and tell 'em we sent you hair loss is frustrating. You don't have to fight it alone. Thanks to I restore


Here. An adult cognitively declining. Donald Trump says America previously had no spirit, let's play it. But the police force and the firefighters, we are having a very hard time getting people to become policemen like we had never had before. That was six months ago, Biden, because the country had no spirit. It was like just had had no heart, it was a dead heart. Now we have the liveliest heart you've ever seen. So I, I just think it's such a great contrast to think six months ago you couldn't get, and now we're setting records. Who Would think here he is saying that he basically threatened Tim Cook for moving Apple business to India to avoid the China tariffs play this clip.


And we have Apple as You know, it's coming in. And I had a little problem with Tim Cook yesterday. I said to him, Tim, you my friend, I treated you very good. You're coming here with $500 billion. But now I hear you're building all over India. I don't want you building in India. You can build in India if you want to take care of India. 'cause India's the highest, one of the highest tariff nations in the world. It's very hard to sell into India. And they've offered us a deal where, where basically they're willing to literally charge us no tariff. So we go from the highest tariff. You couldn't do business in India. We're not even a top 30 in India because the tariff is so high to a point where they have actually told us, I assume you too, Scott, you were working on that also, that there will be no tariff, right?


Would you say that's a difference? They're the highest. And now they're saying no tariff. But I said to Tim, I said, Tim, look, we've treated you really good. We put up with all the plants that you built in China for years. Now you gotta build us. We're not interested in you building in India. India can take care of themselves. They're doing very well. You, we want you to build here and they're gonna, Okay, so now here's where he talks about the F 30 fives. Let me show you this clip. Great, great display. So we're gonna see that. But one of the things for the people that are interested in the military that I asked to look into the F 35, we're doing an upgrade, a simple upgrade, but we're also doing an F 55, I'm gonna call it an F 55.


And that's gonna be a, a substantial upgrade, but it's gonna be also with two engines because F 35 has a single engine. I don't like single engines. Even this man, he is the best in the world at engines. But on occasion, I know you won't admit this, if an engine goes out, it's nice to have two, three or four. That's why like the 7 47, it's got four and, but today they're getting very big and it's a little more cost saving. They have two very, very big ones. But no matter how good, You know, they tell me, Larry, the engine will never go out. Well I think it goes out. Donald Trump admits that Putin will not be going to Turkey to negotiate with Zelinsky, even though Zelinsky was there to negotiate with Putin.


And then Trump says it's Putin's not going because Trump's not going. But really it was Putin who said he wasn't going first, but you said there was gonna be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. Donald, here play this clip. Jennifer, go ahead. Are you disappointed by that? No, I, I didn't anticipate, I actually said, why would he go if I'm not going? 'cause I wasn't going to go, I wasn't planning to go. I would go, but I wasn't planning to go. And I said, I don't think he's gonna go if I don't go. And, and that's turned out to be right. But we have people there. Marco, as You know, is doing a fantastic job. Marcos there, secretary of State and we have people there.


But I don't, I don't, I didn't think it was possible for Putin to go if I'm not there. Jennifer, do you have an update sir? On the Here Donald Trump says that he's not a big believer in stealth, let's play it. And so I wanna do that. And sometimes, You know, stealth, they do stealth. I'm not a huge believer in stealth. 'cause stealth is basically, a lot of it's the design and the shape and I'm, You know, I'm, I'm sure you maybe think, but also if if, if that's the case, they're gonna figure it out pretty fast I think. So you're gonna design an ugly plane for stealth reasons and then six months later they're gonna figure out this and then you're stuck with a plane. Now we have, we're doing, we're doing a super F 22 and we're gonna be going with it pretty, pretty quickly.


And then I Hear Donald Trump talks about how Howard Lutnick wants Trump to start a sovereign wealth fund, but Trump may start a sovereign wealth fund. He's just waiting, play this clip. You have an Update, sir, on the Sovereign Wealth Fund, your proposal for the Sovereign Wealth fund that we're planning on doing. Yeah, well look, I, I'm, Howard likes the idea. I'm less, I, I wanna really make a lot of money, pay off debt and just get it. And then you do a fund, You know, these people have no debt. It's nice to have a fund. I say to Howard, we're a little early because we have debt and really it sounds like a lot, but relative to the kind of income and everything that we have, it's not really that much.


But, but it's still a lot. And I'd rather pay the debt off and then do the fund after the debt's paid off. And You know, to me the funders just pay off debt. We're making, We're making, and finally Donald Trump claims that we're no longer losing a trillion dollars from China because he put tariffs on China for a month and then withdrew him. Play the clip. Funders Just pay off debt. We're making, we're making a lot of money. We had, we had a situation six months ago, we were losing $5 billion a day on trade. Now we're making money on trade. Don't forget we were losing a trillion dollars to China. So we essentially went cold Turkey with China for a period of a month.


Therefore we weren't losing a trillion dollars. You know, I think that's pretty simple, Scott, right? Scott did a great job over there. They made a deal. They have great relationships with China. You might, You could judge that mess for yourself. But that was his speech and cutter. Oh yeah. And then just to add insult to injury, he, this was from earlier where it's just so obvious that yes, Donald, everybody is laughing at you. Total laughing stock. Let's play it. And The job you've done a second to none. You look at, this is so beautiful. As a construction person, I'm seeing perfect marble. This is what they call perfecto. And just a great job you've done. And what a beautiful place. And we appreciate those camels. I haven't seen camels on that in a long time.


And that was some greeting we appreciated. Very. Anyway, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't Get enough Midas. Plus check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.