
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Tremfya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more, or visit tremfya radio.com.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KLM Deo.


I'm my, I am ready for my life to change. A B, C Sunday's American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's word. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Secrest on American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What? Nice. They have my favorite brand like a woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


As the world stands up to Donald Trump, Donald Trump panics causing more market uncertainty, causing the markets to continue to tank. Donald Trump took to his social media platform and threaten that if EU does not remove the tariff on whiskey in retaliation to the United States, putting a 25% steal and aluminum tariff on Europe, the US is going to put a 200% tariff on all wines and champagne. Donald Trump says this is gonna help all of the champagne suppliers in the United States. Donald Trump doesn't realize that you don't make champagne in the United States.


Here's what Donald Trump posted. The European Union, one of the most hostile and abusive, taxing and taring authorities in the world, which was formed for the sole purpose of taking advantage of the United States, has just put a nasty 50% tariff on whiskey. If this tariff is not removed immediately, the US will shortly place a 200% tariff on all wines, champagnes and alcoholic products coming out of France and other EU represented countries. This will be great for the wine and champagne businesses in the us. It should be noted Donald Trump has a failing wine company in the United States.


And then when it comes to the champagne industry, there is no champagne industry in the United States on that news. The market's further tanked. So CNBC then interviewed Scott Besson, Donald Trump's treasury secretary about these 200% tariffs. Here's what Besson had to say. Let's play it And one, one or two items with one trading block. I, I'm not sure why that's a big deal for the market. Oh, very reassuring. I'm being sarcastic. Of course, to hear the Treasury Secretary says it's just one tariff against just a, a small little trading block. The eu, I mean these people are just absolutely idiots.


The Wall Street Journal just did a piece tallying some of the recent warnings about consumers not spending money anymore as America heads into a great recession and potentially even a Trump depression, Walmart, McDonald's, Costco, Delta, target, Footlocker, low's, Kohls, Macy's and others have been quoted as saying, consumers are just not spending money anymore. Consumer angst is striking. All income levels, signs of weaknesses are now showing up in spending on everything from basics to luxuries. Dollar General says our customers continue to report that their financial situa situation has worsened over the last year.


Many of our customers report that they only have enough money for basic essentials with some noting they've had to sacrifice even on the necessities, even on the basic essentials. American Eagle, CEO says they have the fear of the unknown. Not just tariffs, not just inflation. We see the government cutting people off. They see programs being cut. They don't know how that's going to affect them, them. And when people don't know what they don't know, they get very conservative Reuters reports that the US corporate bond spreads hit its widest and about six months on recession. Fears also, one of the main things that we're seeing reach a spike on Google is boycott.


USA boycott. USA has spiked on Google in the past seven days with four EU countries and Canada topping the search list. We know that Canada has a very strong boycott against all things American and against American tourism. Unless Canadians absolutely have to be in the us. They're not traveling to the US and they're not buying US products. That's in addition to the retaliatory tariffs by Canada in response to the US tariffs, we're now seeing those same boycotts spread to the European Union and spread elsewhere. One of the things we also learned is that Elon Musk's hyperactive efficiency drive failed to prevent US federal spending actually rising.


You got that right. Federal spending was rising last month when Elon Musk was destroying the lives of all of those government workers and shutting down those buildings. A record $603 billion last month. I wonder if all of those trips that Donald Trump was taking with Air Force One and driving around the NASCAR track and spending all that money at Mar-a-Lago, I wonder if that was adding up to this total a record. $603 billion in federal government spending last month, according to new treasury data has revealed highlighting the Trump administration's difficulty in drastically cutting the size of government.


In other words, they cut nothing while they cut the jobs. They actually didn't cut any spending at all. Completely inefficient. Oh, and by the way, you saw the story I did earlier this morning where they shut down their Guantanamo Bay facilities where they said, we're gonna have 30,000 people here. They had like 180 nonviolent people and they just shut it down 'cause they couldn't operate it. So what's Trump doing with all of this news? You saw the headlines that I read from you. A lot of those headlines you saw from the Wall Street Journal, right? Leaning more conservative paper. Here's what Trump says. The globalist Wall Street Journal has no idea what they are doing or saying. They are owned by the polluted thinking of the European Union, which was formed for the primary purpose of screwing the United States of America there.


Wall Street Journal thinking is antiquated and weak and very bad for the USA, but have no fear. We will win on everything. Egg prices are down, oil is down, interest rates are down, and tariff related money is pouring into the United States. The only thing you have to fear is fear itself. And Donald Trump posted that at 5:56 AM in the morning, we all know how we are feeling. Do not let these maga sociopath abusers gaslight you. We know what we're experiencing. We know we're heading into a recession and potentially a Trump great depression right now, despite Donald Trump saying things are great.


They are not. And here's how they're trying to spin it on Capitol Hill. Here's MAGA Republican Senator Bernie Marino. Here's what he had to say. He goes, look, things are good. Now just think about it. Yeah, things may be down 10%, 20% people may have lost a lot of their life savings. He goes, but if Kamala Harris won, you'd be down 50%. That's their line. Now, if Kamala won, you'd be down 50%. So what you are down now is pretty good. All things considered play this clip. What do you wanna Say about the tariff fight? Look at, we have to remember, step back for just one second. We have to remember that if Kamala Harris had won on November 5th, the stock market would be down 50%.


Business climate would be a total disaster. And this country would've been on a path to ruin what President Trump inherited was a disaster from Biden. We're gonna fix it. The other countries need our economy more than we need their economy. They've been ripping us off for decades, and we want fair and reciprocal trade. And Canada and Mexico have, have to stop allowing Fentanyl to come into this country and kill over a hundred thousand Americans. When they actually do what's necessary to stop that, we're gonna uhto the, the tariff penalties will end. You know, when I see that, it's an obvious fact check, right? That former President Biden handed Donald Trump an economy that was the envy of the world.


GDP growth, over 3% unemployment at record lows, job growth, hitting record highs. Former President Biden created over 16.4 million jobs. America's economy was the envy of the world. Former President Biden was reducing prescription drug prices. We had 40 to 50,000 infrastructure projects going up across the country. We had the CHIPS act, which brought the semiconductor industry back here to the United States of America. I mean, things were going well. Well, now you have Scott Bessant going on CNBC, and he's asked by CNBC. So, you know, the markets are going down a lot.


Like what do you, what do you make of it? And, and Scott and the treasury secretary's like, well, look, we we're, we're not really focused on that. We're focused on the real economy, not what you're seeing. What does that even mean? He goes, we're focused on the real economy. You, you mean you're trying to do tax cuts for what the billionaires, I mean, that's, that's your focus. While everybody else suffers here, play this clip Markets. It's another sort of turbulent day here. The volatility has really picked up. We're down another more than 3.5% for the week, almost 10% from the recent highs. I know that you guys have brushed this off, but I do wonder if you're starting to get concerned now that these losses are picking up.


Well, look, Sarah, the, what we're focused on is the re we're focused on the real economy. Can we create an environment where there are long, long-term gains in the market and long-term gains for the American people? I think having been in the markets for 35 years, I know the market is prone to big unwinds like this. I think we've seen, you know, a, a lot of position unwinding, and I can't really speak to that. As Ahmed Baba says, the Trump administration's fundamental stance is that America needs to go through economic pain in order to achieve long-term growth. The problem is all their economic policies will only lead to long-term economic pain.


It's nonsensical and their tanking and already strong economy. Let's talk about foreign policy. We learned earlier this morning that of course, Russia and Putin have no interest in doing a ceasefire. Although I reported on that before. That should have been obvious. So while Donald Trump and JD Vance and Marco Ruby were like, we got Ukraine to agree to a ceasefire, we were like, look, they're just doing those Trump fake deal stuff again. But here's what the Trump regime is focused on. Trump White House has asked the US military to develop options for the Panama Canal. Potential military plans range from partnering more closely with the Panamanian military to a less likely option of US troops seizing the canal by force.


Military plans to invade the Panama Canal. US officials told NBC news. The White House has directed the US military to draw up options, including reclaiming the Panama Canal through military force. Donald Trump posts the US doesn't have a free trade. We have stupid trade. The entire world is ripping us up. Then Donald Trump posts again this morning. Canada needs America. America doesn't need Canada. And he's citing Grant Cardone of Cardone Capital on Stewart and Varney. I mean, that's who he's citing a huckster here from the Financial Times.


Russia says it does not want a temporary ceasefire in Ukraine. Republican Senator John Cord of Texas goes, Putin doesn't want peace, he wants conquest. Duh. We know that. We know that. But Donald Trump has Putin's back and not who Putin's invading back. Who's our ally? Zelensky is our ally. Putin's the enemy. Who's Donald Trump supporting as our editor-in-Chief Rod? Philip Kowski goes, I'm shocked, shocked. I tell you, Trump Vance and Musk have been telling us that Putin wants peace. What, what happened there? Donald Trump on his social media platform, they're running ads like this. Do you approve of Doge? Yes, it's my money.


No waste is great. As you saw before, they are cruelly getting rid of jobs, attacking veterans, destroying your social security, taking away your Medicaid. And they're not even reducing government spending. Government spending is up. It's up to record levels. Last month, last month, oh, and then Donald Trump posts this. This is, this is one of his last posts from this morning, secretary of Energy, Chris Wright. Trump is a great businessman. Thank God for him. This is what Donald Trump has, his cabinet officials, they have to go on TV and just Kim Jong un it here, play this clip. President Trump is a businessman. Thank God.


He became elected president. And what we're seeing right now is a master negotiator practicing his craft. He got elected to lower costs and grow opportunities for American Americans. And he is working feverishly seven days a week at that, bringing in other businessmen, having dialogue. Some of you, some of which you see in public, most of which are happening behind closed scenes. But I could not be more optimistic. 50 days into this administration, we've seen simply tremendous achievements. And wait till you see what, wait till you see what happens in the next 50 days. How embarrassing can you get just when he says that Trump is a master negotiator? Just take a screenshot of this image right here.


This comes from Donald Trump's own SEC filing. This is from his own stock filing for Trump Media, which made like $4 million, $4 million in total revenue, off $400 million in losses last year. So this is what I'm reading from the 10 K. And it just lists all of his businesses that went bankrupt over the years. 1991, the Trump Taj Mahal, 1992, Trump Castle. Trump Plaza. Trump Plaza Hotel Chapter 11 in 1995, THCR, Trump Entertainment and Resorts bankrupt. 2004, 2009 bankruptcies, the guy went bankrupt over and over and over and over again.


Here are the, here are the businesses that Trump failed at. Trump Stakes and Trump Vodka and Trump Mortgage. And you know, just go through the Trump University. Just go through the, take a screenshot of that, like he's been the worst business person in life. He, there's a reason this idiot has bankrupted everything he touched. He's an idiot. He's an idiot. He's not smart. He's dumb, he's psychotic. And yet these spineless Republicans follow this psycho. Just look at, look at the, just look at what I just said to you. Screenshot it, read it on your own time. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.