
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


This MLB season. FanDuel S Dinger. Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Donald Trump is having a complete meltdown this morning. He's behaving like an absolute lunatic, but what else is new? He appears to be threatening nuclear war with Russia. Here's what Donald Trump just posted on social media moments ago. Did I hear former President Medvedev from Russia casually throwing around the N word nuclear exclamation point and saying that he and other countries would supply nuclear warheads to Iran? Did he really say that or is it just a figment of my imagination? If he did say that and if confirmed, please let me know immediately.


And Donald Trump puts immediately in all caps, the N word should not be treated so casually. I guess that's why Putin's the boss and he puts that in caps. By the way, if anyone thinks our hardware and he puts that in quotes was great Over the weekend, far and away, the strongest and best equipment we have 20 years advanced over the pack is our nuclear submarines. They are the most powerful and lethal weapons ever built and just launched the 30 tomahawks. All 30 hit their mark perfectly. So in addition to our great fighter pilots, thank you to the captain and crew exclamation point.


These are the rantings and ravings of an absolute lunatic who this morning is threatening nuclear war. Is calling it the N word and is saying, did I hear former Russian president Medvedev say that he was going to use the N word and that he was gonna supply Iran with nuclear warheads? This is what Donald Trump is talking about this morning. This is what he's posting on social media. He was also panic posting the following this morning as well. This is all in caps. Everyone keep oil prices down. I'm watching exclamation point. You're playing right into the hands of the enemy. Don't do it.


Exclamation point. That's what you're posting in the morning. You sound like a panicked lunatic. He then posts the following as well straight from the central planning department of the Trump regime to the Department of Energy drill baby, drill drill, baby drill. And I mean now exclamation point. Does he think the Department of Energy does the drilling drill, baby drill, department of energy? Oh, and then he also attacked a Republican Congress member, Thomas Massey of Kentucky. Get this bum out of office asap.


Get this bum out of office asap. Exclamation point. Now oil prices are surging, which you're gonna feel at the pump soon as inflation continues to rise, as unemployment continues to rise. As GDP continues to contract, oil prices are surging in the wake of US strikes in Iran, the US oil futures jumped 3.6% Sunday to about $76 and 47 cents per barrel, and it seems that it's only going to be getting higher with rhetoric like Donald Trump is using this morning. One of the main issues is whether or not Iran will shut down the strait of her moose and the strait of her moose passes right by Iran and Oman, at least two super tankers made U-turns at the strait of her muse.


Following the US military strikes in Iran, ship tracking data shows as more than a week of violence in the region is prompting vessels to speed, pause, or alter their journeys. Also, the United States State Department sent out a notice to all Americans in Qatar to shelter in place that their lives are in jeopardy as a result of potentially being targeted following the United States strikes on Iran, George Conway posted the following. Gosh, I'm shocked that the verbally and mathematically sub literate quote businessman who cheated to get into Penn bankrupted so many of his businesses and pissed away so much of his real estate fortune his father created, doesn't have a clue about the law of supply and demand.


That's in response to Donald Trump's post this morning. Everyone keep oil prices down, you're gonna fall right into the enemy's hands. Keep oil prices down. George Perks writes. It turns out creating a situation where 25% of global petroleum liquids might go offline at any minute has an impact on oil prices. Who could have guessed that? Meanwhile, Iran's military central command spokesperson issued the following statement, Mr. Trump, the GAMBLER. You may start this war, but we will be the ones who end it. As we look at some of the high resolution satellite imagery of the four dough nuclear facility, it does not appear that the facility was completely destroyed.


It does appear it was damaged, but we do see here, if you look at this photo and you zoom in, you'll see 16 cargo trucks were entering tunnels at Iran's fordo nuclear facility shortly before the US Israeli strike, raising concerns that Tehran may have secretly relocated, enriched uranium or critical nuclear minerals ahead of the bombing. Lots of people were also saying that as a result of Donald Trump's social media posts and Trump's behavior and his statements like, oh, we're planning something far bigger than a ceasefire, far bigger than a ceasefire, that Donald Trump also tipped off Iran for what was going to happen so that they were able to limit the damage that was actually being caused.


I think Jake bro makes a good point here when he shows this photo of former presidents giving speeches to the American people at the White House and contrasts it with Donald Trump. Jake goes, I have never seen a US president that was so weak and so scared about talking military action that he needed his yes men entourage to keep him company at the podium in the cross hall as Donald Trump came out there with JD Vance, Marco Rubio and Pete Hegseth versus in the past commanders in chief addressing the American people directly from the New York Times. Over the past 24 hours, Trump's incessant tweets, gave away his war plans and convinced the Iranians to hide a ton of uranium.


Nice job Donald. And who do we have right now as running counter-terrorism in the United States? This guy, Thomas Fugate, 22-year-old, he was a grocery store clerk and that's what he was doing, but he, he was a big MAGA person and that's ultimately why I was reading the What the Meme actually says. But he was a grocery store clerk and that's why he was a big MAGA supporter, ultimately picked by Trump because he was a big MAGA fan, has no counter-terrorism experience before, is listening to the craziness of the world making you just want to cuddle up on the couch with your cat.


Me too.


This podcast is sponsored by Smalls. If you're a listener of this show, you know that my cat cannot live without smalls. To get 60% off your first order PLUS free shipping, head to smalls.com and use our promo code Midas. For a limited time only. Smalls cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients you'd find in your fridge and it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com name smalls their best overall cat food. My cat Chubs eats smalls every day and his favorite flavor is the chicken and Turkey. My cat prefers smalls way more than their previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test. I put two bowls side by side and they immediately went to Smalls. Since making the switch to smalls, my cat has had fewer hair balls, more balanced energy, a healthier weight, a softer and shinier fur coat, and a less stinky litter box. Still not a believer in Smalls. Forbes ranked Smalls best overall cat food. While Buzzfeed said my cats went completely ballistic for this stuff, smalls is possibly my favorite sponsor ever because my cat shrubs is frankly obsessed. I use Smalls as a topper to transition CHUs to smalls and the transition went perfectly. My cat's breath is so much better and their fur is much softer ever since I switched to Smalls. Smalls also has a bunch of amazing treats and snacks that you can add to your order, and my cats love all of them that came in the most recent box. What are you waiting for? Give your cat the food they deserve for a limited time. Only because you're a listener of the Midas Touch Podcast, you can get 60% off your first Smalls order plus free shipping by using my code Midas. That's 60% off when you head to smalls.com and use promo code Midas. Again, that's promo code Midas for 60% off your first order PLUS free shipping at smalls.com.


Pat Ryan, a veteran who served two combat tours in Iraq, says the following, Trump is claiming his strikes on Iran made the American people safer. He's dangerously wrong. I served two combat tours in Iraq and am now in the Armed Service Committee. His actions were not only unconstitutional, they have made America less safe, not more. Here's why. Within hours of strikes, Trump said the nuclear facilities were completely and totally obliterated. This was literally impossible to know. A battle damage assessment takes days or even weeks, especially given the secretive and fortified nature of all three targets. This morning, chairman Kane made it clear it was far too soon to know whether Iran's nuclear program was destroyed.


I hope and pray the strike was successful, but there's a real chance the operation wasn't fully effective. If so, the risk to the US is dramatically higher. Iran now has every motivation to break out and develop nuclear weapon as quickly as possible. Given the lack of clear rationale for why this preventative strike was needed and what exactly it was capable of achieving, this is an incredibly dangerous amount of risks to take on. I know Trump said he now wants peace. I share that goal. The problem is that as Secretary Mattis always says, in war, the enemy gets a vote. We have 40,000 troops in theater. The risk of an Iranian or proxy counter attack is much higher. I'm praying for their safety. It's not just conventional attacks from Iran, ballistic missiles, drones I'm worried about.


It's asymmetric escalation. Cyber closing the strait of her moose, militant groups in Iraq deciding they have nothing to lose. It's, God forbid, a strike on the homeland. I love our country. I proudly put my life on the line to keep the American people safe and I'm under no illusions about the Iranian regime. It's evil, but war as hell. And Trump just introduced an incredible amount of risk and volatility, volatility into the global order for a guy who ran on keeping us out of war. This is a total 180, and he did it without ever making the case to the American people or involving Congress or even getting on the same page as his own director of national intelligence. That's deeply wrong and un-American. We need to have an honest conversation as a country about what comes next.


And we cannot repeat our approach from 2001 and 2002. The answer cannot be, we'll figure it out as we go. I lost too many friends because of that logic. Meanwhile, you have MAGA Republican senator Joni Ernst from Iowa. She says, this is not a war. We're not actually in a war. This was just a strike. This is not a war. Here's what she says. Play this clip. They do not want to see a war. This is not a war. This was a strike on a threat to the United States of America, I would say as well. This is retribution Harris for the thousands of American lives that have been taken by Iran through direct strikes from Iran as well as their terrorist Proc.


Meanwhile, you've got MAGA Republic, Congress member Pat Harrington on Fox saying, we're trying to lower the temperature by raising the temperature. Play this clip To be with you. Look, this is certainly a dynamic environment, right? We're trying to lower the temperature of global conflict while simultaneously kind of raising it here in order to lower it. And so I think the Secretary of State, Marco Rubio is exactly right. It would be Iran's worst decision possible to this point and they've made a lot of bad decisions up till this juncture to come back and attack America or American troops. I genuinely hope that they don't do that, but we'll just have to wait and see here. What do you then you had MAGA Republican congress member, Keith, self threatening to bomb downtown Tehran play this clip.


I don't think they'll go big because if the president has promised, if they go big with major missile strikes against our assets, we'll go back downtown. Teran probably, but, but yes, it is time for them to come to the table, to come to the table to negotiate the peace that we have demonstrated. The president is serious when he says the US will demonstrate peace through strength. We did that. Now it's time for Iran to come back to the table and make a deal with the President. Alright, We will be watching very closely, of course, Text. And then moments ago in front of the White House, you had Donald Trump's faith office praying and speaking in tongues at the White House. Play this clip.


Yes, And this is the time. And so we declare right now from the capital of our nation that America will come back to God. Yes. We'll come back to God. Nothing will stop this nation and we speak right now, but the authority Of that's what's going on in the White House right now. Donald Trump threatening nuclear war against Russia and calling it the N word. I'm Ben Marcellus. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 6 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com. All 100% USA Union made.