
After Donald Trump's disastrous weekend, vice president Kamala Harris's team came out with a press release attacking Donald Trump for his unhinged and bizarre behavior. Here's the release by the Harris Walls campaign. Love how aggressive they are being Trump's bad, weak Taylor's version. And there is a lot of references to Taylor Swift in this as they are mocking Donald Trump, who over the weekend said, I hate Taylor Swift. Exclamation point. Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Wall's campaign says the following. We're pretty sure it's safe and sound to say Donald Trump's week has him down.


Bad Mr. Not at all. Fine. Has spent this week working through his feelings, whining about his campaign problems and spending exactly none of his time addressing the issues facing the American people. His rambling, yelling and constant conspiracy theories. Have many asking if this man is too emotional to be president. Pause right there. 'cause I want to show you the video that Vice President Kamala Harris's team put out as well. And I'm gonna go back to the statement Play it. There Are two very different visions for our country. One that is focused on the future and the other that is focused on the past. We're A failing nation, a nation that is dying.


We're a nation that's in serious to decline. What I do offer is a new generation of leadership for our country. One who brings a sense of optimism about what we can do. We all have so much more in common than what separates us, and we can chart a new way forward. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Powerful stuff here from the statement. It says, call it what you want, but it's nothing new. For the smallest man who, whoever lived after a seething, unhinged, incoherent debate performance that Republicans deemed a disaster. Trump and his inner circle of extremists can't seem to shake it off as the bad blood between Trump, his running mate and his own party boils.


Don't take our word for it though. Listen to Trump himself, who spent his time on and off the debate stage with no plans and no solutions for the American people acting like nothing is better than revenge. And they go Trump. Sad, beautiful, tragic week. Trump brought an extremist who promoted nine 11 conspiracy theories to a nine 11 memorial. And then Donald Trump said about her Laura Loomer that he likes her spirit. Here play the clip. Yeah, go ahead please. What value, what value does, what value do you feel that Laura Loomer brings to you? And has nobody told you about conspiracy theories that she's promoting?


No. don don't know that much about it. No, don don't. I know she's a big fan of the campaign, but I, I really don't know an advisor. I would say that. Well, she brings a spirit to us that a lot of people have. We have very spirited people and in all fairness to her, she hates seeing what's happened to the country. I guess I mean she hates seeing what's happened to the country. So do I. It's very sad. It's then Donald. Trump was praised and celebrated by neo-Nazi hate groups for amplifying their message on the debate state staged Trump's running mate floated, privatizing the va, putting the benefits for veterans and military families on the chopping blocks. Trump repeatedly refused to say on the debate stage whether he would veto a national abortion ban.


Vice President Harris held him accountable for overturning Roe v. Wade and ripping away women's freedoms. And then Donald Trump had made posts bragging over the weekend that he got rid of Roe v. Wade. You see those posts right there? His running mate, JD Vance, confirmed on Sunday morning that he was wrong to say Trump would not veto a national abortion ban saying he's learned his lesson about ascribing positions to Trump that he does not have here play this clip of JD Vance. Just to put a fine point on this, you're saying he wouldn't support it, so would he veto it? Kristen? I think that I've learned my lesson on speaking for the president before he and I have actually talked about an issue.


The release goes on to say, new reporting revealed that Trump twice hosted a white supremacist and Nazi sympathizer at his country club. Trump's advisor was deemed too extreme, even for Marjorie Taylor Greene. Conservative economists confirmed that Trump's economic plan would increase the risk of a recession and increase in inflation. And oh my God, you should have seen the American people's faces. Trump paid the price for his plan to take women's freedoms back away past 1989 during the debate, abortion was the top searched on Google. In 49 states, prominent Republicans noted that Trump appeared angry and fixated on the past while vice President Harris was calm, confident, and strong on the debate stage when Trump was asked about it.


Here's his response Question on the debate. First of all, I know you've said that you will not do another debate. Some of your own Republican allies have come out and said that you missed the mark that you missed. No, No, no. Excuse me. Most of my Republican allies had said I was great in the debate. You, you're just like, you know a lot of other people at Fox. Well, why don't you say most 94% of the Republicans said, I did phenomenally in the debate. Some said that I could have been tougher. don don't know how. I could have been tougher when I said he's the worst president and she's the worst vice president in the history of our country. 94% of the Republicans and the only one that wouldn't would maybe Mitt Romney or somebody like that.


But we've gotten great praise for the debate and based on the polls like Rasmussen being up six today, the first poll based on the polls, obviously I did well in the debate also based on the debate polls where sometimes had in one case 92% win. So, you know, look, you come from Fox. You shouldn't play the same game as everybody else. Go ahead. Go ahead. Battleground voters were enchanted by the vice president's fearless debate performance Harris Wall spokesperson Sarah Fee Ika released the following statement. Donald Trump's week of whining and spouting conspiracy theories has voters on both sides of the aisle ready to forget that he existed.


The American people want to be out of the woods of the chaos and division of the Trump era. Leave behind the blank space of Trump's broken promises and begin again by electing Vice President Harris to ensure America's future of opportunity is long lived. Voters know all too well how dangerous Trump and his project 2025 agenda will be. If he wins this November, we can make sure this is the last time we have to deal with his end game of jacking up taxes on the middle class and ripping away Americans freedoms together. We can turn the page on the Trump era and write a new chapter where all Americans breathe. Easy knowing we have strong and steady leadership voters, and it goes on to say, we can make sure the story of us is one of progress and show Donald Trump.


We're not going to back, we're not going back to December of 2020 like ever.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. As I'm getting older, it's important to continue my education and make sure I'm learning new things to stay sharp. You see, kids are always learning and growing, but sometimes as adults we lose that curiosity. So what's something that you'd like to learn? Gardening a new language or maybe I don't know how to finally beat your best friend in bowling or tennis. Therapy can help you connect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era could come at any age. Therapy is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries and empowers you to be the best version of yourself. And therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for everyone. If you're thinking of starting therapy, do me a favor. Give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, it's flexible and suited to your schedule. It's why I use it, it's why I love it. Just fill out a brief questionnaire. To, get matched with a licensed therapist and you could even switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. If you want rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp, visit BetterHelp dot com slash midas today. To get 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/midas BetterHelp dot com slash midas. M-E-I-D-A-S Thank you


here is George Conway saying, look, we all know Donald Trump's game at this point in Play it. Well, he is reaching his final, you know, his final destination, which is complete decomposition decompensation. He's, he, he doesn't, none of his tricks are working anymore. We're onto them. They don't excite anybody anymore. He's losing in the polls. He can't, he can't. He has to try to make things up in his own vice presidential candidate on another network today. Basically said, we are making up stories in, in order to win this election. And you know, he, it's not working for him and he knows it and he knows he is going down. And the more he feels that he's going down, remember he's running not just for president, he's running from prison.


You're gonna see him engage in more and more desperate behavior. And that's what you see with I hate Taylor Swift, is he's just lashing out. And you know, he had his people have lost control over him. And the only person who seems to have any control over him is the person who's telling him or whispering in his ear or doing something to tell him that everything's great. You're amazing. And that's Laura Loomer. And that's where this, he's, he's, this is the ultimate implosion and we're watching it live and it's gonna get worse. And this is from George Conway's Antis psychopath Pac. Just showing what he's talking about. Donald Trump has never ever been right in The head. The late great Hannibal Lecter.


He's a wonderful man. An an really an anoma. And then they announced there was nobodys. Now take a look at the oranges, the oranges of the investigation. Venezuela, though, it's if you have a windmill anywhere near your house, they say the noise causes cancer. I don't know what I said. All, all criminal. They have voter id, they have ID on everything. You buy a loaf of bread, you have ID the first non-incumbent. The kidney has a very special place in the heart. We appreciate it very much. Tim Apple injection inside or, or almost a cleaner.


That an illegal a Learn more@psychopath.org. Antis Psychopath Pack Inc. Is responsible for the content of this advertising. Well, there you have it. We'll keep you posted, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Have a good day. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.