
Donald Trump attended a Pittsburgh Steelers game on Sunday. He was booed. Let me show you just a portion of that for now. Play this clip. And then Donald Trump's campaign tried to share a photograph pretending that the audience was, or the stadium was clapping for Donald Trump. But as you zoom in, you see people are giving Donald Trump the middle finger. You see that there, you see that there. Before Donald Trump attended the Pittsburgh Steeler game, he posted this bizarre AI image of himself. This is real, folks. This is an actual post that Donald Trump made. Folks, this is the leader of the Republican Party.


How pathetic can you Get that you have to post images of yourself with fake AI stuff to make yourself look more stronger or more masculine, or to, to make images like this? Like who does this? You don't get more pathetic than that. And by the way, this follows Donald Trump's pathetic stunt that backfired at a McDonald's that was closed on Sunday, that he pretended that it was open and he was working and he had his MAGA supporters rehearse and pretend that they were customers. And by the way, that followed Donald Trump's speech in Pennsylvania where he was spending 10 minutes talking about the late great golfer Arnold Palmer's genitalia.


But this is what Donald Trump was posting. Other people had some fun with the ai, like this one long lasting dryness. Here's another AI image that people did to counter Donald Trump's use of ai or someone said, Hmm, more like this right here, folks. One of the things that Donald Trump does when he goes to these stadiums, because he can't fill large crowds anymore, he tries to pretend that the people in the stadium are clapping for him. They are not. For example, one of the things that happened at this Pittsburgh Steelers game is that these Steelers honored a Navy seal during the game and chance of USA erupted not for Donald Trump, but for the Navy Seal.


So then Donald Trump and his campaign tried to claim these USA chance were for Trump. This is just more stolen valor from Donald Trump. In fact, we're hearing that the Steelers did not show Donald Trump even once on the jumbotron. When people were chanting USA, they were chanting USA because of this. The Navy Seal, who is being honored here, played this clip. We Salute Navy Seal, A a a a Folks, I wanna show you this as well, because when Donald Trump was in Lancaster City, this is what Donald Trump saw when he arrived.


People with Harris Wall signs everywhere. Here play this clip. This is, And as I said, folks, this is par for the course with Donald Trump.


For example, remember during his criminal trial, there was a, a Yankee Stadium. Some of these MAGA people would like put a banner all over out the stadium. And they were like, look, Yankee Stadium loves Donald Trump. It's like, no, they don't. And one of the things that they'll do is they'll like pay people at the stadiums to hold up banners and to engage in these very bizarre stunts should be noted as well that Steeler Legends came out endorsing Vice President. Kamala Harris ahead of Donald Trump's appearance at the game. Some of the top Steelers said that they will be supporting Vice President Kamala Harris as Donald Trump's getting booed at that stadium in Pittsburgh Stadium.


I think it's also important to reflect that when Donald Trump steps out of his maga cult comfort zone, people frequently give him the middle finger and people frequently show him the two finger salute, as Michael Cohen would call it. For example, when Donald Trump attended a libertarian event, remember what happened? He was relentlessly and mercilessly booed when he told the libertarians they should nominate him. Play this clip. The Libertarian party should nominate Trump for President of the United States. Whoa, that's nice. That's nice. Only if you wanna win, only wanna win.


Only if you wanna win. Maybe you don't wanna win. Maybe you don't want win. No You won. Thank you Deroy. Thank you. No, o only do Or folks, do you remember when Donald Trump went to Philadelphia to try to sell the Trump sneakers for $400? Remember? Well, Philadelphia gave him the old two finger salute. Remember that? Get Trump sneakers here. Play the clip. Oh, A lot of emotion. There's a lot of emotion in this room. Thank you. Thank you. So, so the really nice thing is we have lines and I want to thank Chase and I want to thank Alan.


But we, I remember when Magar Republican senator Mike Lee, who refers to himself as based Mike Lee because well, whatever. Mike Lee encouraged the crowd to to vote for Donald Trump. And remember what the response was. Here, play this clip. Good. I encourage you. Take a listen to Donald Trump. Support Donald Trump restore the Constitution. Thank you very much. Also, of course, we've been documenting crowds leaving during the middle of Donald Trump's speeches. Here's one example of that. Let's play it. Why are All these people leaving in the middle of the speech? We're Not gonna let this happen.


Donald Trump is speaking right now. So when we get in And all these people are leaving, I don't get it. Look at all these people leaving right in the middle of the speech. Are they bored? I don't understand why all you guys leaving. Why? Why are you guys leaving in the middle of the speech? I don't get it. Why is everybody leaving? They're Have to work off Another, another MAGA Morron. They're all leaving.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do Now thanks to Miracle Made Sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with Miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Here's another example of that. In in Wildwood, New Jersey, as people left in the middle of Donald Trump's speech, A tenderhearted woman for half frozen snake, his pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew poor thing she Said. And Vice President Kamala Harris of course, has been getting under Donald Trump's skin by talking about his teeny tiny crowd sizes and people leaving during the middle of his speech play this clip. Harris, thank you President Trump on that point. I want To, get your response. Well, I would like to respond. Let me just ask though, why did you try to kill that bill and successfully so that would've put thousands of additional agents and officers on the border?


First, lemme respond as to the rallies, please. She said people start leaving. People don't go to her rallies. There's no reason to go. And the people that do go, she's busing them in and paying them to be there and then showing them in a different light. So she can't talk about that. People don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. That's because people want to take their country back. Our country is being lost. We're a failing nation. And it happened three and a half years ago. And what, what's going on here? You're gonna end up in World War iii just to go into another subject, what they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come into our country and look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States.


And a lot of towns don't want to talk. It's not gonna be Aurora or Springfield. A lot of towns don't want to talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it in Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what's happening in our country. And it's a shame as far as rallies are concerned, as far as the reason they go is they like what I say, they wanna bring our country back. They wanna make America great again. Very simple phrase, make America great again. She's destroying this country and if she becomes president, this country doesn't have a chance of success.


Not only success will end up being Venezuela on steroids. I just wanna clarify here. You bring up Springfield, Ohio and, and ABC News did reach out to the city manager there. He told us there have been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused by individuals within the immigrant community. All this, Well, I've seen people on television. Let me just say here, this is The, the people on television should say, my dog was taken and used for food. So maybe he said that. And maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager. I'm Not taking this from television, but the people are Television from city manager. The same dog was eaten by the people that went there. Again, the Springfield city manager says there's no evidence of that. We'll, vice President Harris out, I'll let you respond to the rest of what you've heard.


I think you talk about extreme. I love the way New York Magazine talked about the McDonald's stunt earlier in the day. New York Magazine summed it up nicely. So in an effort to highlight his claim that Kamala Harris has never worked at a McDonald's, Trump pretended to work at a closed McDonald's where he served pretend orders to his own supporters pretending to be customers. Oh my gosh. And by the way, at the event that Donald Trump attended before going to the Pittsburgh Steelers game, remember what he did there? He said that I have no cognitive. I have no cognitive at all. She may have cognitive here, play this clip.


I have no cognitive. She may have a cognitive problem, but, but Or when Donald Trump said, I'm not 80 and I'm not that close to 80. Play this clip. Peter's in the world, and I'm not 80 and I'm not that close to 80, but in the Biden case, he's 81 or 82. Or when Donald Trump said, frack, frack, frack, frack like a duck. Here play this clip Going. So we're gonna let him frack, frack frack like a duck frack, frack Frack vice President. Kamala Harris has come out with his new brutal ad showing how unwell Donald Trump is right here. Let me show it to you. Let's play it. The Trump advisor told producers that Trump was exhausted and refusing interviews.


He would be the oldest president ever inaugurated. If he wins in November, he Will not agree to a second presidential debate. The former president was swaying and asked to play songs for about 40 minutes. Donald Trump's public appearances have deteriorated. The stomach is speaking many ations, just like putting a million Ramos, good old Sylvester Stallone is my friend. There Is no way that this man who can't make it through an entire speech who keeps canceling things is gonna be the person that does four more years. And finally, I wanna share this with you. As Donald Trump goes to all of these stadiums and waves at people who are giving him quite literally the two finger salute, this is part of what Donald Trump does.


I, our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski made this montage of Donald Trump waving to nobody or waving at stadiums, not people waving back to him, but waving at stadiums to pretend that people were supporting him and waving back to him, which they weren't. Here, let me show you this montage. Buyer editor-in-Chief Ron Philip Kowski. You later.


Well, there you have it folks. Wild stuff right there. Donald Trump getting booed. Donald Trump getting the two finger salute. Donald Trump doing pathetic stunts. Donald Trump making pathetic ai. Anyway, tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.