
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


And now a next level moment from at and t business. Say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G, so you're fully confident, but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease. So the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly, especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan and device 5G is not available everywhere. See att.com/ 5G for you for details.


Donald Trump is clearly having the worst transition in I think, presidential history. He is nuking himself 'cause all he knows how to do is destroy. Just take a look at the fake agency, the make believe agency that he came up with. Doge, or I should say Elon Musk, his co-president and Vivek Ramas Swami came up with, they are bragging about firing millions of people who work for the federal government who do jobs that actually deliver services to we the people. This is what Vivek Ramis, Swami Mago Republican is bragging about today. He goes, I'm hearing via allies that federal government unions are scrambling to update their collective bargaining agreements to avoid getting fired.


The prospect of being asked to return to the office five days a week, like most working Americans apparently has them in tears. So for all of the unions or the union workers who are like, they, they got our back. No, they're actually literally mocking you right now. Also from a new New York Times piece, Donald Trump plans to stop issuing citizenship affirming documents like passports and social security cards to infants born on domestic soil to undocumented migrant parents and a bid to end birthrights citizenship.


So for all of the people out there who were like, no, not my aita, no, they're not coming for us. There's some family values exception, no, they are coming for you and Tom Holman. Donald Trump's borders are went on the news and made his intentions very clear. Here's what Tom Holman said earlier today, play this clip. We have seen one estimate that says it would cost $88 billion to deport a million people a year. I don't know if that's accurate or not. Is that what American taxpayers should expect? What price do you put on national security? Is that worth it? Is there a way to carry out mass deportation without separating families?


Of course there is. Families can be deported together. This is what the Trump transition is spending their time doing. They think they wanna attack every single American other than maybe their kind of core MAGA base, who, by the way, they're still attacking, but perhaps they're too d lulu to realize that's what's going on. Here's the newest one. Here's from the New York Times. Trump allies, Trump allies. I overhauling Medicaid food stamps in tax legislation. Republican leaders looking for ways to offset the cost of lower taxes are considering changes to safety net programs for the poor. So in other words, in order to offset the enormous cost for their tax cuts for billionaires, Trump advisors and congressional Republicans are now in discussions about cutting your social security, cutting your Medicaid, cutting food stamps, cutting other programs that Americans rely on so that the billionaires can get more benefits right here.


Meanwhile, you have Senate minority leader, Mitch McConnell signaling to others in the Senate that under no circumstances should they allow Donald Trump to have unfettered recess appointments, meaning RFK, junior Matt, Gaetz, Peter, Hegseth, Christie Nome, all of these individuals need to go before the Senate and they need to be grilled. They need to be asked questions. Oh, but by the way, the type of questions Matt Gaetz should be asked, well, what's in that ethics report? In addition, what we're learning is that Matt Gaetz apparently took the girls to Fox News to watch him.


You would traffic them according to sources ABC's reporting to watch 'em at Fox News. He brought 'em to the Broadway play. Pretty Woman, the lawyer for the girls went on CNN and talked about how Matt Gaetz would use his purported adopted son Nestor's phone as a way to Venmo the money to the girls that he was trafficking. Well, let's take a look here. By the way, a new report from A BC is that Trump has confirmed reports that he plans to declare a national emergency and use military and use the military to enact his bloody mass deportation program.


You mean exactly what we were reporting here on the Midas Touch Network that he was gonna do? Wait a minute, for someone who claims he didn't know what project 2020 five's plans were, he seems to be implementing each and every one of them, as we said he was going to do in terms of the complete cluster. You know what that is MAGA as well. I kid you not right now, according to PornHub, MAGA tops the charts in searches during the 2024 election, specifically MAGA supporters in Florida continued to search MAGA nudes. I don't know what the world there, what In any event, also, MAGA Republicans, Marjorie Taylor Greene and Nancy Mace say that they are going to be introducing new legislation that will ban transwomen from capital bathrooms.


And specifically when they were asked how they intend to check out who is qualified to use the ladies' room, they just spewed a bunch of anti-Trans rhetoric should also be noted as the K file at CNN reports. Trump is now under 50% in the popular vote with his margin ranking 44th out of 51 election since 18 24, 4 Democrats won Senate seats in states Trump carried compared to zero in 2016 and 2020. The GOP is poised for its smallest house majority since the US had 50 states. And you just take a look here, one of the smallest electoral victories ever that Donald Trump just had, one of the top analysts at Citibank, Rob Rowe, talks about how he's predicting a recession because the markets are shifting from political uncertainty to policy uncertainty.


Now, why would the markets be shifting to policy uncertainty when you're naming people who may be compromised by Russia to be the director of National Intelligence in Tulsi Gabbard, a potential sex trafficker in Matt Gaetz to be the Attorney General, someone by the name of Peter Hegseth, a Fox News weekend host who allegedly paid off a woman who accused him of sexual assault from 2017, a Fox News host with zero experience to become the Secretary of Defense, Christie Nome, a dog killer who killed her dog cricket. Who would've thought that the markets would think that there's uncertainty there? By the way, as Vladimir Putin continues to laugh at Donald Trump and show nudes of Melania on Russian state sponsored tv, yeah, Donald Trump who ran on a, who said, I'm going to protect your women MAGA men.


I'm gonna pro whether they like it or not, I'm protecting women. Has a, the Russian authoritarian leader is showing nudes of his own wife. I mean. First off, how pathetic can you be as a man to say, oh, I need Donald Trump to help protect my wife. That's what I need. I need Donald Trump to help protect my wife as Vladimir Putin, by the way, is showing nudes of Donald Trump's wife. I mean you can't even make this stuff up, folks. Meanwhile, Fox has their top surrogates representing the MAGA movement. Who are the leaders? Are they renowned generals or top scientists? Or the top diplomats or No? No, it's Hulk Hogan. And they go on Laura Ingram.


And Laura Ingram's question is, can you do the Trump dance Hulk, can you do the Donald Trump dance? Hulk Hulkamania here play this clip. Can you do the Trump dance for us, please? I wanna see you do it. Gotta put the lips up though. Okay. You got it. You got, you got the gun Still Hulk. I love it. We gotta put,


Let's talk about creatine Now, if you think creatine is just for bodybuilders or athletes, let me stop you right there. Whether you're looking to tone bulk up or just boost your energy and focus creates creatine, gummies are a game changer. I'm getting so much focus and energy from these gummies that often I don't even need that second or third cup of coffee. Here's the best part. Create delivers creatine in a way that's super convenient. Gummies, not powders, no mess, no hassle. Just grab a few and go. These gummies are NSF certified for Sport made with Creapure. That's the highest quality creatine you could get. And they're vegan non GMO and made with 100% natural ingredients. Plus there's no loading phase. So you could just start taking them and feel the benefits. You've got four awesome flavors to choose from. Orange, blue, raspberry, watermelon, and my personal favorite sour green apple. They taste so good that staying consistent is easy, and that's key to seeing long-term benefits like better focus, more energy, and even improvements in bone density and muscle protection. Being so busy with Midas Touch, having something that's both convenient and effective is a big win for me. I'm no bodybuilder, but I've noticed a real difference since I started taking these. creatin really works as advertised and I love that I could take it anywhere with no mess or hassle. Plus I just love gummies, so it's perfect. Now is your chance to try it out for yourself. Get 30% off any subscription or one-time purchase of creates 90 count bags at try create.co/midas. That's try create do co slash me IDAs for 30% off your order.


Again, And as I said before, the Washington Post is also reporting that President-elect, Donald Trump confirmed on Monday that his plan for mass deportations of undocumented immigrants will involve a national emergency declaration and the military. In other words, what Donald Trump's gonna do is he's going to invoke the 1798 Alien Enemies Act and he's going to knock on door to door and find people, this is what their plan is, and take away Abita. Take away Tio and Tia, take away all your family members. They're gonna do work site raids. So if you got family members who are undocumented who happen to be working, and many are paying taxes and have been paying taxes, working in restaurants, working in the fields, working in theaters, working in construction, in homes, working in real, whatever it is they're gonna do, work site raids and rip families apart, rip 'em apart.


We told you that was gonna happen. Did we tell you that was gonna happen? That's what Trump's saying is going to happen. By the way, if you're saying But Ben, you're gonna do play the clip or you gonna play the I don't do that. As I said before, I'm not playing Trump clips. I'm not playing his audio. I'm not, I don't wanna hear his voice. I don't wanna see him on video, so I'm not playing it. Okay, you can go back and watch other videos where I show the clips and he says those things. I'm not playing them here as well. As I mentioned this, Matt Gaetz bringing the girls he trafficked to see Broadway plays and go to foxes.


Wow. Wow. That's who they're, that's who they picked as our attorney general. Someone with credible allegations against him as a sex trafficker. But then again, Donald Trump was found liable for sexual assault. Donald Trump was found liable. Donald Trump's on Donald Trump and was on tape partying with Epstein. He's all over Epstein's phone logs and plane logs, and there were Epstein tapes released before the election that the corporate media wouldn't bother playing before the election. Melania, Melania Trump, $99 and 99 cents. Take a look right here. You can get your own shop now. Your Melania figurine right there.


Wow. Oh, and now lots of MAGA people are in the FAFO stage the F around and find out stage. Wait a minute, they're having these conversations on truth, social. Wait, wait a minute. What? China doesn't pay the tariffs. We we pay the tariffs. What? What's going on? Yeah. Yeah. You pay the tariffs. We pay the tariffs. Not China. Anyway, Sean Hannity had a whole segment as well as what he calls the Doge cheat sheet. He says, we're just gonna get rid of all the agencies, all of 'em. Just destroy 'em. We're gonna get rid of everything here. Play this clip And oped in the Wall Street Journal, recommended that they start by tossing the Federal Communications Commission.


The FTC, the FEC, the Department of Agriculture, the postal service. Yeah. Give it to UPS. Give it to, you know, give it, give it to anybody except them. The labor department, hud, the Interior Department, the va, yeah. Vets need the money. Give it directly to them. And of course the EPA, just to name a few. Now, keep in mind, the Department of Education is also very much on the cutting board. Speaking of the Doge Fake Make Believe agency that Donald Trump just created, by the way, the Doge Agency masquerades as a official government agency on Twitter.


They pretend that they're an official government again, but just think about it, the small government parties creating fake government agencies to control our lives. Oh man. Can't make this stuff up. But Elon Musk is having apparently massive blowups with Donald Trump's other age. Boris Ssh Epstein at dinner. Ssh Epstein's yelling at Musk. But then of course they go back to New York Post and the sources ever deny that that ever took place. Oh, and then Donald Trump's campaign is scrubbing social media posts where they said the following about RFK Jr. They just went through and they just attacked RFK Jr over, now they're scrubbing all that.


'cause now they have to pretend they like RFK Jr. After Donald Trump said that RFK Jr would destroy the country. Now they have to pretend they like RFK Jr. Because they have no moral compass at all. So to to corporate media out there, you like the drama. Is this the drama you wanted? Is this what you wanted to inflict on? We the people, 'cause we the people, we just wanted to go about our lives with our family. We want our social security and our Medicare or the Medicaid. We, we want programs that work for us. We just want to go on with our life without your craziness and your drama, but no corporate media. You couldn't report on this.


You had a both sides that you couldn't give Biden credit where he deserved it. I'm fine for criticizing him, but you, you couldn't report accurately on the way the economy worked. Here's the, this, this is the drama you wanted corporate media. Joe Mika, not Joe Biden. I'm talking about Joe Scarborough now. Joe Scarborough. Mika. So you, you happy you could go to go to Mar-a-Lago right now and tell Donald Trump, tell Daddy Donald how you feel as he mocks you to your face. This is what you do. That's how you treat us. Joe Scarborough and Mika. Really like Morning Joe.


Look, we're we're, let me be very clear, minus mighty, we're gonna report all the news fearlessly, truthfully, evidence-based. That's what we do here. What a cluster. You know what this Trump administration is a mess. A mess. Despicable. Poor truth. Tell people, get out the word and subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Americans are durable. We take pride in hard work and high quality. American Giant makes durable quality clothing right here in the USA because what we wear reflects who we are. When you buy American Giant, you're not just wearing the best clothes money can buy. You're helping keep jobs and pride in your own backyard. Premium clothing built to last decades like it should Get 20% off your first order@americangiant.com with code right here, 24.