
Where has Donald Trump been over the past 10 days or so? He's made exactly zero appearances and zero speeches. Meanwhile, president Biden made over 18 appearances in various swing states throughout the United States. Donald Trump's next schedule event is Tuesday, July 9th, where he says he will be giving a rally. Where else at Doral, Florida in his property there. Just think about that, that he uses as campaign funds to hold rallies at his own golf courses like this one. That's gonna be on July 9th, 2024.


But Donald Trump's not going out there. Not shaking hands, not doing events. On the other end, you've got President Biden. These are the appearances that he's made since the debate. June 27th, Hyatt Regency event in Atlanta, waffle House in Atlanta, June 28th, campaign event in North Carolina, June 28th. Remarks at Stonewall Inn in New York. June 28th, campaign event in Manhattan June 29th. Campaign event in East Hampton, June 29th. Campaign event in New Jersey, July 1st remarks on SCOTUS immunity. July 2nd remarks at FEMA in dc. Then a campaign event in Virginia, remarks and a medal ceremony meeting with Democratic Governors campaign event in Wisconsin, taking questions on the tarmac.


Also, on July 5th, he gave an interview with a B, C also. Then President Biden over the weekend spoke at a church in Pennsylvania and gave a great speech there. Take a look at President Biden's speech coming up while Donald Trump has nothing planned other than giving a speech at his own golf course. Hears Biden's. Upcoming schedule. July 9th, he's delivering remarks on the 75th anniversary of nato, where the first lady will attend. President Biden's, bringing a strongly united nato, the strongest NATO ever. All the leaders are meeting in dc.


Then on Wednesday, president Biden's going to drop by a meeting of National Union leaders at a Ffl CIO in Washington, dc. He's gonna welcome NATO allied leaders to the NATO summit that will be taking place that day. There'll be a working session at this NATO summit, and there'll be a dinner with NATO leaders. Then on Thursday, Biden's going to participate in more NATO summits. He will be having a press conference. Then as well, on Friday, July 12th, he will be heading to Detroit, Michigan will be participating in a campaign event there. After that, president Biden will depart Michigan and he will be going back to Delaware.


Then on the other hand, here's Donald Trump wandering around his golf course. This is how Donald Trump's been spending his time here at play this clip. So look, you take what Donald Trump was doing. You compare to what President Biden has been doing as TJ DLow, who's with the Biden campaign, says, president Biden had a busy day campaigning across Pennsylvania.


Donald Trump has not been seen in public for 10 days. Donald Trump has been sending weird emails out, though, like this one, I've got a mysterious gift for you because I love you. I'm offering you a mystery gift, and you've always loved me. So here's a special offer, $500 if you wanna buy a mystery gift from Donald Trump. He's also reposting Q Anon accounts like Spiritual Street Fighter 17, who says it's time to totally obliterate the criminal syndicate, and then has where we go on, we go all, which is the Q Anon slogan. So while Donald Trump's been doing absolutely nothing, here's what President Biden's been doing.


Here's part of President Biden's speech that he gave in Pennsylvania this past weekend. Play the clip, I believe. Well, when I ran the first time for president, I said something basic. I said, we have to bring back dignity and hope in America, number one. Number two, we have to give working class and middle class people like the family. I came from a shot and build the economy from the middle out and the bottom up, not the top down. And thirdly, we must unite America again. That's my goal. That's what we're gonna do. God bless you All.


Living in a city, I recently learned that indoor air pollution can be up to five times higher than outside. This was a real eye-opener for me. Then I discovered Neo PXA 100% nature-based bio-engineered air purifier, designed by PhD scientists. As someone who prioritizes health through diet and exercise, I realized that I needed to care about the air that I breathe daily too. Neo PX tackles harmful air pollutants called VOCs, which come from everyday item like furniture and cleaning products. The secret lies in pollutant eating bacteria powered by power drops. Just mix the formula with water and add it to your plant monthly to activate air purification. Neo PX purifies the air as effectively as 30 regular house plants, plus its eco-friendly, requiring no electricity, and coming with a self-watering biodegradable planter. The benefits are noticeable. 87% of customers feel a difference within a week. Neo PX lets you fight air pollution with nature. When you purchase Neo PX, you get six power drop pouches. And to celebrate the launch, Neoplants is offering a seventh pouch free. That's an extra month of pure air. Go to Neoplants dot com slash midas and the discount will be applied automatically at checkout. Shipping is available within the US with worldwide shipping coming soon. Breathe better, live better with Neo PX


and Folks is Mike Madrid, who's been in politics for a very long time, has stated he's a former know Republican operative, but he goes, look, this is what democracy feels like. Raise your voices, push back, give him hell and fight. You know, you've got President Biden out there shaking hands, working with the Democratic base, talking about issues that matter and saving, protecting, defending our democracy. And on the other hand, you have Donald Trump missing an action, making weird posts and behaving the way he does. There's a lot of time, folks, I I'm supremely confident that democracy's going to prevail.


I don't want to get overconfident, but it's important that the messages continue to get out of what's going on. The stakes at issue and the fundamental differences between Trump and Biden. Like, here's Biden's speech also from Pennsylvania. Watch this. Now, you've probably heard you had a little debate last week. Can't say it was my best performance. We love each. That's okay. But ever since then, there's been a lot of speculation. What's Joe gonna do? Is he gonna stay in the race? Is he gonna drop out? What's he gonna do? Well, here's my answer. I am running and gonna win again.


Let Go, let go. Let, let Go. Let Joke, let's go joke. I'm the city president of the United States America. No small part because of you. That's not a joke. In 2020, you came through for me. I'm a nominee of the Democratic Party. I'm a nominee of this party because millions of Democrats like you just voted for me in primaries all across America. You voted for me to be your nominee. No one else. You the votes. The voters did that. And despite, despite that, some folks don't seem to care who you voted for.


Well, guess what? They're trying to push me out on the race. Well, let me say this clearly as I can. I'm staying in the race. I'll beat Donald Trump. Oh, By the way we're gonna do it again in 2024. Yeah, I learned long ago when you get knocked down, you get back up and I'm letting, I'm not letting one 90 minute debate wipe out three and a half years of work. That's right.


As the governor said, I've led the station with the depths of pan, the depths of pandemic to the strongest economy in the world. And that's literally true. And I, and you are not finished yet. And folks, I wanted to show you this. This is what went down this past weekend in Paris, when, in where, in France, the left and the center joined forces united to defeat marina, lap pen's, right wing fascist party, and protect for the time being democracy in France. And just watch the people on the street celebrating, coming together and defeating fascism play this clip.


Look, as Ben Rhodes said, far right populace have often relied on the divisions among their opponents to claim majoritarian powers with minority support among voters. French voters and the French left in particular, have flipped the script, showing the power of unity in defense of values, a seismic event. And so look, day by day, step by step, president Biden, shaking hands, going to swing states doing the work. On the other hand, you've got Donald Trump, MIA, holding events at his own properties. And this election's gonna be about work. At the end of the day. It's gonna be about putting in time, putting in effort.


And that's what, that's what we see happening. So let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. We'll keep you posted. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.