
Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Donald Trump had numerous cognitive glitches during this disastrous Oval Office press conference with the United Kingdom Prime Minister Kere Starmer. Donald Trump is asked if he thinks that Zelensky is still a dictator. Donald Trump said, I don't remember saying that. Did I say that or play this clip President. You still think that Mr. Zelensky is a dictator? Did I say that? I can't believe I said that. Next question. Yes, Donald. You did say it and you did post about it as well. More on that in a minute. In addition, Donald Trump was asked about comments he made 24 hours ago where he said the European Union and Europe in general was created to screw over the United States.


He was asked about those comments. He said, did I say that? Did I use those words here? Play this clip. You Obviously can do business with our Prime Minister Ki Stama. You said yesterday that the EU was constructed to screw the US when it comes to trade. What can our prime minister say to you to persuade you not to impose tariffs on the United Yeah, Did I use the word that you said that bad word? I Think, Well, I think that the eu, yeah, I've, I've had problems with the EU because, and we're not talking about we happen to have a great relationship with you, but we did have, and we do have problems with the EU because, So folks, either he is a liar or cognitively declining right before our eyes rapidly or just an evil menace.


I think it's all three, just so we can see what he said. Let's just pull out the receipts here. Play this clip A dictator without elections. Zelensky better move fast. Or he is not going to have a country left. Mr. Still think that Mr. Zelensky is a bit tighter? Did I say that? I can't believe I said that. Next question. Okay. And then we can see what he said 24 hours ago. Again, receipts are important. This is where Donald Trump said that the EU was formed to screw the United States. That's the purpose of it. Your play this clip too, I Guess, but I love the countries of Europe. I I love all countries, frankly, all different. But European union's been, it was formed in order to screw the United States.


I mean, look, let's be honest, the European Union was formed in order to screw the United States. That's the perfect, okay, Now going back to the press conference that Donald Trump held today in the Oval Office with Guera Starmer, Donald Trump then asks Starmer if the UK could take on Russia on its own. What? Like challenging starer, challenging the uk. So you wanna go to war with Russia? I mean, how reckless can you get with your language here? Play this clip Between our two countries? That is why this is the greatest alliance for prosperity and security I think the world has ever seen Whenever necessary. We absolutely backed each other up. And that's at The core. Could you take on Russia by yourselves? Well, alright, one or two more.


Yes. As Kelsey Taggart says, this is the quote, oh shit, look, if I've ever seen one, what the hell is this guy doing? Donald Trump then is asked a question, if Russia were to attack the uk, would you help out the uk? To which Donald Trump says, I don't think they need much help play this clip. Just, just To follow up on that, if British troops are in Ukraine, keeping the peace and get attacked by Russia, will you come to their end? If the British people are in Ukraine And they get attacked, if British soldiers, you know, I've always found about the British, they don't need much help. They can take care of themselves very well. You know what? No, it sounds like it's evasive, but it's not evasive. You know, the British are, have been incredible.


So Donald Trump then says that Ukraine should never join nato. Play this clip. The Europeans want Ukraine to be part of NATO as part of this deal. Are you willing to budge on that at all? Or Is it a Well, I could be very nice and say, oh, well, we'll work to it. Look, it's not gonna happen. It's just not gonna happen. That's what started this whole thing. Biden Biden said that and, and all of a sudden the gun started. That was one of the primary reasons it started. And this was long before President Putin. They, they never said it was an impossibility. So we can say, oh gee, well we'll try, but that's something that's just not gonna happen.


And then the other question they ask is about the land. When you get your land back, well, they fought long and hard on the land and you and I will be discussing that and we're gonna certainly try and get as much as we can back. But on the nato, it's just not, that's not going to happen. Yeah, please. Again, so utterly dastardly this press conference. What a despicable person Donald Trump is here. Donald Trump says that he thinks that Russia's acting very well. It should be noted that Russia continues to bomb Ukraine. And in fact, they've been having their biggest drone swarms recently. Russia's been actually behaving worse than ever. Play this clip. Say this, as I said yesterday, you know, you're talking about peacekeeping force.


We have to make a deal first. Right now we don't have a deal. We have Russia, we have Ukraine. I think we're very well advanced. I think Russia has been acting very well. We have representatives, Steve Tuff and Scott and Marco and JD we're all involved, every one of us and, and a lot more. Donald Trump then says he would not oppose Eric Prince and Blackwater and other private military contractors rounding up for mass deportation, migrants play this clip. EO Eric Prince, who was on our channel News Nation. He was talking about his proposal to use private forces to assist in deportations.


Have you read that proposal and do you support It? No, I haven't seen it. I don't think it's necessary. Our people are doing a phenomenal job. I wouldn't be opposed to it necessarily, but I'd, I'd go to our military people and I'd go to Tom Holman and Christie. I'd go to the various and ask, but I don't, I don't see it as being, we're doing unbelievable unbelievably in getting people out, getting criminals out, people that should have never been here, that the Biden administration where their stupid open border should have never allowed. They came in from prisons and jails and mental institutions.


So you may know this about me, but I'm a new father and with everything that's going on in the world, if I wasn't already in protect my family mode, I am particularly so with all the uncertainty taking place right now. So look, I'm focused on life insurance, so I don't just protect my family now, but I protect them in the future. And so for me, when I go think about life insurance, I wanna make sure that I'm getting the best. That's why I go to select quote, select quote is one of America's leading insurance brokers. With nearly 40 years of experience helping over 2 million customers find over several hundred billions of dollars in coverage since 1985, which is the year I was born. Other life insurance brokers offer impersonal one size fits all policies that may cost you more and cover you less, but with select quotes, licensed insurance agents, they work for you and they'll tailor a life insurance policy for your individual needs and as little as 15 minutes. And that's what they did for me. So another thing too, if you're worried about preexisting health conditions, if you're worried about high blood pressure or diabetes, that's fine too. Just give select quote a call. They'll walk you through it and they'll make this a very easy and seamless process and they'll ease your mind the way they did for me. So get the right life insurance for you for less@selectquote.com slash midas. Go to select quote.com/midas today to get started. That's select quote.com/midas.


While that was taking place, Elon Musk is making posts like this. Here's a meme posted by Musk ladies, it's time to start thinking whether the guy you are dating has post apocalyptic warlord potential. This is the individual who's accessing your social security information. Your medical records has access to taxation records through Doge and who knows what the hell else he has. That's what he is posting as he destroys our government cruelly firing federal workers, including veterans and throwing people on the streets. A reporter asked Donald Trump about to that point, you know, veterans make up 30% of the federal workforce, you're destroying their lives.


Trump goes, no one's ever been better to the veterans than me. Play this clip. And I'm veterans. I didn't know anything about it. Yeah, Mr. President, veterans make up 30% of the federal workforce. Are you tracking how many veterans have been fired? So for Yes, we are Doge to we are and, and we take good care of our veterans. So we're watching that very carefully and we hope it's gonna be a smaller number as possible, but we are having great success in slimming down our government. It's been really very successful. And some took payouts and buyouts and others took other things. And some people were finding out don't even exist. We're finding that we have a lot of people that don't exist that people thought that did.


We will be making a statement on that. But we're taking care of our veterans. We love our veterans. We're gonna take good care of them. Next. Donald Trump is asked about tariffs. Let's play it. Mr. President, Please on on tar. You, you just said with China. Who are you with? I'm with the independent. Oh, that's good. It's on Terrace. You just said with China. Thank you. We charge them. We charge them as a, we charge China, but the tariffs are, are paid eventually by American importers and consumers. No, that, no, I think they're paid for by the country. But you know, look, we can get into that. I had, I put a lot of tariffs on in my first term and we made tremendous amounts of progress because of those tariffs.


Donald Trump then is asked what you would be willing to do if Putin did not stick to the terms of a deal with Ukraine. To which Trump says Putin always keeps his word. I've known him for a long time. He says that they went over the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax together. Play this clip. Please ma'am. Go ahead, Mr. President, What would you be willing to do if Vladimir Putin did not stick to the terms of any deal on Ukraine? If you not what? He did not stick to the terms of any deal on Ukraine because he has history of not sticking to his word when it comes to international Female. I think he'll keep his word. I think. I think he's, I've spoken to him. I've known him for a long time now, you know, known him. We had, we had to go through the Russian hoax together.


That was not a good thing. It's not fair. That was a rigged deal and had nothing to do with Russia. It was a rigged deal with inside the country. And they had to put up with that too. They put up with a lot. It wasn't just us. They had to put up with it with a phony story that was made up. I've known him for a long time now, and I think he will. I don't believe he's gonna violate his word. I don't think he'll be back when we make a deal. I think the deal's gonna hold now. They're gonna have security. You're gonna have security, you're gonna have soldiers. I know France wants to be there. He is. The president has has said he wants to have soldiers there. I don't think we're gonna even be necessary, but I don't think there'll be any problem with keeping the deal with the security.


Gonna discuss Something. No, I was just gonna say, I mean, the deal, if we get it, is gonna be hugely important. I don't think it would've happened if the space hadn't been created for It by yourself. But if there's a deal in, we've gotta make sure it's a deal that lasts, that is not temporary, that lasts. And that's why we need to make sure that it's secure. And we've lent in and said, we'll play our part and we've talked and we will talk about how we work with yourself, Mr. President, to ensure that this deal is something which is not violated because it's very important if there is a deal. Next, Donald Trump is asked about why the individual named Andrew Tate, who was arrested on alleged sex trafficking charges in Romania, was traveling back to the United States after reports that the Trump administration pressured Romania officials to let Tate into the United States.


Here play this clip. Thank You, thank you, thank you. I'm gonna keep that one. You Gonna keep that one. Mr. President And President Trump, Andrew and Tristan Tate landed in Florida today on a private jet after beating Luis from custody in Romania. They are accused rapists, human traffickers, not thought of as good people in many circles. Did your administration pressure the Romanian government to release them? And if so, why? I know nothing about that. I don't know. You're saying he's on a plane right now? He's back. They already, yeah. I just know nothing about it. We'll check it out. We'll let you know. I do look ju obviously this involves, there's an English element here, so obviously it's important that justice is done and human trafficking is obviously to my mind, a security risk.


And so I, I will catch up with the story in two. You're aware. Are you aware, Mr. President, Mr. President? I'm, I didn't know anything about it. Mr. President. Veterans make 30%. Well, Donald Trump doesn't know about it, but I wonder if his top advisors do. But also Donald Trump doesn't know a lot of things or Mr. Remembers a lot of things. This is Alina Haa Trump's top advisor. Play this clip. Hi. Hello Alina. Hi. Hello. Nice to meet you. I'm a big fan. Well, nice to meet you. I'm a fan. You're the one saving Trump. You're doing more important work than me, America. America. Not just Trump. And I agree with everything you just said. And I think that you're anger is the same that President Trump has for our country.


And the time is now for us to stop being wimps. I think that's exactly the right sentiment. And I also have to say that I sympathize with you because I think you go through a lot of the same. Show me the person, I'll find the crime that President Trump has gone through and, well, There you have it folks. Donald Trump humiliating the United States again on the world stage. What a horrific press conference there with Keir Starer to our friends in the UK and Europe and Canada and elsewhere. Watching that. You should know that there are more Americans who don't support that crap than do. Our voices are growing louder each day. It's why the MeidasTouch Network in our podcast is now beating Joe Rogan in all of these right wing podcasts and we're gonna make sure our voices are heard.


Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, lemme point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.