
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50, 15, 15, 15 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


Burlington, Burlington, wow


Ford ProfIn. Simple offers flexible financing solutions for all kinds of businesses, whether you're an electrician or run an organic farm Because We know that your business demands financing that works when you need it. Like when your landscaping company lands a new account. Wherever you see your business headed. Ford Pro Fin Simple can help you pursue it with financing solutions today. Get started at ford pro.com/financing.


How about listening to the Sounds of Istanbul? Beautiful, isn't it? But you can't discover the coolest city in the world just by listening. Check istanbul dot go turkey.com now and plan your Istanbul trip today,


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


There's always an instinct to mock Donald Trump when he's selling the bootleg guitars or the Trump watches for a hundred thousand dollars, or the weird gold Trump sneakers or the Trump NFTs or the Liberty Financial Trump Bitcoins. But there's a deeper issue here that needs to be analyzed, which is Donald Trump is opening up all of these avenues to be bribed by corporate interests who want to influence his policy by making payments to him and do end run around regulations and laws. I want to talk about that. I want to share with you this Wall Street Journal article called Corporate America Launches Unorthodox Campaign to gain Trump's attention.


And I want to show you how corporate media is trying to normalize behavior that just appears to be bribery, And. I want to give a specific instance of an individual who's been under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, who recently gave $30 million to basically support Donald Trump's Bitcoin, which was failing before this infusion of capital. And then I want to talk about Donald Trump appointing Charles Kushner, Jared Kushner's daddy to become the ambassador to France. I want to call all of this out. And then my final message to anybody here is, how is this helpful to most Americans? How is this helpful to 99% of Americans? It seems that all this is doing is just funneling money, money to Donald Trump.


Let's go through it right now. So here's the article by the Wall Street Journal. It's called Corporate America Launches Unorthodox campaign to gain Trump's attention. Companies look at scrubbing left-leaning policies from their websites and scoping out appearances on conservative podcasts. It says, corporate America is unleashing an unorthodox campaign to influence Donald Trump's agenda in the weeks leading up to his second inauguration, a period that is emerging as a key stretch for shaping the next administration. What do you mean emerging as a key stretch for shaping? It's the transition. It's always the key moment or the key stretch for shaping administration. That's why it's called a transition and they call it an unorthodox campaign here.


What do you mean bribery? Let's go on and read it To break into the unusual circle of influence that surrounds Trump. Pause their unusual circle of influence. What do you mean? Trump's family members and people who are inexperienced and unqualified, whereas normally the transition is handled in an ethical and very diligent matter. It's not, but I guess that's all very unorthodox for you. It goes on to say, chief executives corporate leaders are discussing whether to try to secure an appearance on Joe Rogan's podcast. They are buying the Trump's family cryptocurrency token and emailing tips about spending cuts to VIIA vague Ramos Swami, wait a minute, they're buying Trump's family cryptocurrency token. That sounds like a conflict of interest.


That sounds like it has many legal ramifications. We'll get to that in just a moment. It goes on to say some lobbyists are instructing companies to scrub their websites and corporate policies of language that favors Democrats and instead tout GOP friendly issues such as job creation. You notice how the Wall Street Journal is doing this propaganda here. They're like the GOP friendly issue is job creation. What corporation is not trying to do job creation and build their company and grow? I never realized that job creation was an anti-democratic issue, but that's how it's framed here by the Wall Street Journal. Then it says that corporations are removing policies that favor Democrats. I mean like what?


That you shouldn't discriminate against people on the basis of gender, ethnicity, race, or religion. I think that's what they mean. Goes on to say quote in my inbox and text message box. Looks like the Niagara Falls said Ramis Swami, who is co-running a new department to make the government deficient. They're talking about Doge right there. And notice how they normalize it as well. A new department really. 'cause when I last checked, new departments have to be made by laws like they don't just sprout up, but they're like, here's a new department to promote government deficiency being led by an unelected bureaucrat. And they just normalize that language as though this thing is like a normal department.


It's not actually a department. You should state that in your article. It goes on to say, now this power paragraph right here basically just describes bribery. Listen to it. Those who can garner sway with Trump or his team could ask for exemptions to forthcoming tariffs and influence staffing. They could recommend officials who are friendly with the pharmaceutical industry. For example, to counter to counterbalance vaccine skeptic, RFK Junior as top health agency nominee at least one pharmaceutical companies in final negotiations to hire Republican lobbying firm to help advise and about Kennedy and how best to navigate the second Trump administration. So let me just get this straight.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made bedsheets. Miracle Made sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver and infuse fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle, Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do. Now thanks to Miracle Made sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross orders. So stop sleeping on bacteria, which can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's tri miracle.com/minus to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


You're basically describing Briber right there. It says, those who can garner sway with Trump or his team could ask for exemptions from tariffs and they can influence staffing. And then what were the ways it could do that? You refer to the previous paragraph where it says to break into the unusual circle of influence that surrounds Trump, chief executives are buying the Trump's family cryptocurrency token. So if you buy Trump's family cryptocurrency, you could ask for exemptions to forthcoming tariffs and influence staffing. Okay? Basically the Wall Street journal's describing bribery right there, but they don't call it out. They normalize. This is unusual. This is an orthodox, this is just a little bit different right here Goes on to say one lobbyist has recently counseled clients that they need to get rid of corporate policies adopting during the Biden administration that favor one party over another, such as bans on corporate PAC donations to lawmakers who didn't vote to certify the 2020 election.


Oh, so now they gotta go full election denial mode. It goes on to say, another strategist said he recently instructed a clean energy company to strip a section on environmental, social, and corporate governance policies from its website and instead focus on the issue of job creation. So I guess if you talk about the environment now, or you talk about corporate governance issues, that that's not what you gotta do. You gotta buy the cryptocurrency of Donald Trump. It goes on to say cryptocurrency executive. Justin's son said on Monday, he's now the largest investor in World Liberty Financial, a crypto project backed by Trump and his family by buying $30 million in the project.


Wait a minute, a guy named Justin's son just bought $30 million in Trump's cryptocurrency. Who is this guy? I mean, is he? He? He can't possibly be someone who's under SEC investigation. Is he? Oh, wait a minute. He is. Here's the Bloomberg article. Trump's crypto project was a bust until Justin's son stepped in his $30 million investment, gives the struggling venture a boost son, who also paid $6 million for banana art faces an SEC suit, which he denies. I know all the factory workers who voted for Donald Trump. All those hardworking Americans who voted for Trump, they are just like Justin's son buying $6 million banana art, right?


It goes on to say Donald Trump's crypto project, world Liberty Financial. It was looking like a bust. Like all of Donald Trump's projects. The President-elect and his sons had been promoting its cryptocurrency for weeks, saying it would make finance great again. But the industry largely rejected it. Sales fell 93% short of the gold solo. They failed to hit the minimum required to trigger a payout to Trump. But then on November 25th, happy Thanksgiving, everybody. Thanksgiving week, Justin's Sun, a flashy China born crypto founder, announced he was investing $30 million in World Liberty tokens. It's also an interesting flashy, flashy person.


What is it? Flashy that pushed the project over the threshold and the Trumps now stand to collect at least $15 million based on terms detailed in world Liberty's gold paper. So World Liberty has gold paper, which outlines the terms for how the Trumps make money. And now the Justin Sun gave it $30 million. Now the Trumps directly get $15 million. It says son 34, who five days earlier paid $6.2 million at a Sotheby's auction for a banana duct tape to a wall is a controversial figure in the crypto world. He's fighting a lawsuit from the United States Securities Exchange Commission, which sued him in 2023, alleging he defrauded investors by manipulating the price of his tron, cryptocurrency with fake trades, which he has denied.


What is Tron Cryptocurrency? Oh, Tron has been criticized for facilitating illicit activity. It hosted 45% of all illicit flows last year, more than Ethereum or Bitcoin. The blockchain tracking firm TRM lab said in a March report and in October, the United Nations office on Drugs and Crime said in a report that Tron was the preferred choice for Asian crime. Syndicates Tron and September announced a partnership with TRM to stop crypto crime. Quote, illicit activity is not welcome in our industry. Sunset in a statement. At the time, much of activity on Tron involves stable coins, cryptocurrencies backed by real world assets held in reserve, but circle internet financial, which controls the biggest US stable coin, discontinued support for Tron and February citing quote, risk management.


Among other reasons, world Liberty plans to launch its own stable coin. Sun said that he hoped it would help connect Tron to US financial institutions. So this is now who is influencing potentially the Trump administration and the crypto folks are getting what they wanted. The crypto industry is helping Donald Trump pick their SEC chair. They're out there telling the press, the president-elect transition team is consulting with industry vets to find a Procr SEC chair. Look, my own view is that there is a place and a role for crypto. We have to get with the Times Crypto exists. There's a place for it, but it can't just be unfettered. I mean it can't just have zero regulations at all.


There's sometimes cryptos used for nefarious purposes and Donald Trump's now using it as a way to gain and garner influence. So I ask you, the American people, as I said, And I as I would at the be beginning of the video, which is who? Who is this benefiting? Is this benefiting 99.9% of Americans or is this benefiting the 0.01% of people who hang out at Mar-a-Lago and more significantly benefiting Donald Trump, who's directly finding ways to profit from this all basically creating these various hubs through all of these schemes of his as ways to buy influence.


And Wall Street Journal, which is supposed to be a credible business paper though it was bought by Murdoch. They're just acting like, oh, this is just a bit unusual. This is a bit unorthodox, but you know, this is just unusual. This is how you have to do it right now. You gotta go and buy some Trump family crypto right here. Oh yeah. Finally, I wanted to talk about And I said this at the outset. Jared Kushner's father Charles Kushner. Remember back in 2004, 2005, he pled guilty to witness tampering as well as Federal Election Commission violations. He was under investigation by the Republican United States attorney, by the way, by named Chris Christie at that time. And one of the things that Charles Kushner was alleged to have done was set up his brother-in-Law with a prostitute because his brother-in-law was, was testifying against him in the investigation.


So Kushner wanted to set up the brother that was part of this witness tampering allegations. That's great, right? Donald Trump pardoned Kushner and then made him now the ambassador to France. So Charles Kushner, the ambassador to France. So that's the United States for America. That's the United States of America for you can be bought and sold to the highest bid. Or I didn't even talk about the guy who's the United States, the head of the US Navy right now, who's never in the Navy. This guy Fellon Fellon, a hedge fund guy who donated $1.7 billion and now he's the leader of the Navy. Someone who's never been in the Navy before. That's ridiculous. Well hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers.


Thanks for watching. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.