
This Donald Trump meltdown has reached a new phase of just complete absurdity. Donald Trump now posting AI videos of himself and Elon Musk doing weird dances together. And then Donald Trump posted this first thing in the morning around 7:00 AM Donald Trump posted Kamala Harris wants nothing to do with crooked Joe Biden. They are throwing him out on the Monday night stage, known as Death Valley. He now hates Obama and crazy Nancy more than he hates me. He is an angry man, as he should be. They stole the presidency from him.


It was a coup. This is very, very strange behavior by Donald Trump. Since Donald Trump wanted to use the AI of him and Elon Musk dancing, we created this AI image of Donald Trump holding President Biden's photo in bed. Donald, he's just not into you. Or how about this AI of Vice President Kamala Harris, putting the cuffs on Donald Trump. Donald Trump's meltdown accelerating this morning. Also, due to some really good news for the country, as our country receives good news and Vice President Kamala Harris receives good news that is bad for Donald Trump. Donald Trump wants to cause harm to our country.


So just take a look at the headlines that I woke up to, that you woke up to us retail sales surge in July. The Biden administration cuts Medicare drug prices reducing 10 prescription drug prices significantly. Now that Medicare can Negra directly negotiate prescription drug prices, the Biden administration achieves US oil export milestone. There's been more drilling right now in United States history than ever before or in any country in the world. And President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris significantly are focused on climate change.


Some other headlines, JD Vance faces backlash over his postmenopausal remarks where he very, in a creepy way and strange way, agreed with this podcaster who says the role of postmenopausal women are to basically be good grandmothers and watch kids. I, I it is, you know, again, just this strange misogynist and misogynistic which weirdness that he's spewing. And then of course, there was a new poll out this morning from Emerson, one of the top rated polls out there that has Vice President Kamala Harris pulling ahead 50% to 46%, and strengthening her support among young voters who shifted by an additional nine points to her.


And she's also taking the lead now by three points over Donald Trump in voters who are over 70 years old. Donald Trump meanwhile, is desperately trying to move the criminal sentencing date in the Manhattan criminal case against him. Justice Marshan previously said that he would be having the sentencing of Donald Trump after being convicted on 34 separate felony counts in the Manhattan criminal case taking place. On September 18th, Donald Trump just filed a emergency motion to try to postpone the sentencing of his Manhattan criminal conviction.


Look, as Donald Trump is posting these, this weird kind of delusional, fictional scenarios in his mind about President Biden being angry and President Biden being this, I just want you to know that Donald Trump has been consistently making posts like this. You know, he's imagining in his mind in a, in a prior post, just the other day, he goes, president Biden's going to show up at the DNC and he's gonna go and take the stage, and he's gonna go, I'm not leaving. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be the nominee. Meanwhile, I mean, president Biden's out there posting the most humble and supportive messages towards Vice President, Kamala Harris, and Governor Walls, president Biden's posting just what a great guy Governor Walls is, president Biden's posting how Vice President Kamala Harris is doing an incredible job and how proud he is at our, you know, normal supportive stuff.


Remember Donald Trump's speech, though recently, where he was again, kind of talking about this like fictional scenario in his mind? This was Donald Trump at his recent speech, Montana, where he fantasized about what he thinks Biden's convention speech should look like. Here, play this clip. Now he's seeing what the competition is. He, I hear he is gonna make a comeback at the Democrat Convention. He's gonna walk into the room and he is gonna say, I want my presidency back. I want another chance to debate Trump. I want another chance. Yeah. What's up with that? I mean, that's some strange stuff right there. Here was Donald Trump speaking yesterday in Asheville, North Carolina before a very small crowd.


Remember Donald Trump picked like the smallest venue, one of the smallest venues in North Carolina. He went to Asheville. The venue held less than 2,500 people, and Donald Trump started complaining that President Biden was not getting a prime DNC speaking spot. Very strange, very strange indeed To have a candidate, you know, we spent probably a hundred million dollars on beating him. Then we had a very good debate and we beat him, and they said, well, instead of letting it go, who knows what happens, right? It's the world of politics. They say, we want him out, Joe, you're getting out now, Joe. Well, I don't want To get out. I have 14.


You're getting out now, Joe. We can do it the nice way, or we can do it the hard way. And he's getting out. He's getting out. In fact, they're not even giving him a good spot to speak. You know, when he is speaking on Monday, Monday is not the, that's the worst day. But that's what they do. And it's their own form of, it's just another, I guess relatively, it's a minor form of cheating by comparison to what they really do, right? Everything Kamala Harris touches turns bad. It all turns bad.


If You have sensitive skin, you know how hard it can be to find a product that doesn't cause irritation. But today's sponsor, one skin makes it easy. Their topical supplements are formulated with soothing ingredients and natural antioxidants. Plus, they're gentle enough to use every day, even if you have sensitive skin founded by an all woman team of scientists, one skin's products are backed by extensive lab and clinical data to validate their efficacy and safety on all skin types. Not only that, they're the first and only skin longevity company to target cellular senescence, a key hallmark of aging. Their topical supplements are the easiest way to keep your skin healthy and hydrated without the harsh ingredients or irritation, often found in other skincare products. For a limited time, you could try one skin for 15% off using the code Midas, when you check out at One Skin, do co give your skin the scientifically proven gentle care it deserves with one skin. Treating the symptoms rather than the root causes of aging has long been the norm. Most skincare available on the market is designed to provide a temporary reduction in visible signs of aging, addressing just these surface symptoms of an underlying decline in skin health. In a third party, 12 week clinical study performed by a third party research organization, OS zero one face was clinically proven to strengthen the skin barrier, improve skin health markers and diminish visible signs of aging wrinkles were diminished by 87% of users. One skin is the world's first skin longevity company by focusing on the cellular aspects of aging. One skin keeps your skin looking and acting younger for longer. Get started today with 15% off using Code midas@oneskin.co. That's 15% off@oneskin.co with Code Midas. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them that we sent you.


Then Of course, there are all those Donald Trump emails that he sends. I got more this morning. I subscribed to that list, so you don't have to, but I just want to show you the strange things that he sends to his supporters every day. Here was the one from this morning Ben, where should I ship your signed mega hat? And then it says, congratulations. I'm giving you, well, one of this was sent at 6:40 AM just so, just so you know, 6:40 AM you get an email from the Trump campaign. Congratulations. I am giving you one of the last all gold MAGA hats in existence, Ben, I've even signed this one just for you.


Win a limited edition gold MAGA hat signed by Trump. Donate to enter, whether you wear it proudly or put it in a display case for all your friends and family to see this piece of Trump history is perfect for you. So you're not really giving anything. You have to donate and then you have a chance. And then what do you do with this? You, you, you put it in a display case. I mean, if anyone's putting this in a display case, they, they've got real serious issues. But you could also get, here's what Trump sent. Once again, the official Trump gold USA flag. It's the American flag, but Donald Trump's name plastered on it.


Donald Trump writes in this email to his cult followers, then I know what I will be wearing the day we take back the White House, a Trump gold USA flag pin made right here in America. I saved this one just for you. So Donald Trump took our flag. We, the people, he took our American flag and he slo his name Trump on it, on our flag. On our flag. He slopped the name Trump on it, disgraced it. Demeaned it. That's our flag. That's our flag. How dare you. Donald Trump then goes MAGA hat from Trump Ben. You've hit the jackpot. Oh, again, this is the one he sent yesterday that I hit the jackpot To get this final offer was yesterday, but now apparently the offer extended one more day to win a rare all gold MAGA hat personally signed by Donald Trump.


Donald Trump then post this Kamala Harris team, and Google caught manipulating headlines and stories creating fake news. This is not legal. Exclamation point. Exclamation point. So now he's saying that Kamala Harris colluding with Google, with Google to manipulate the headlines and the stories. Wow, this is I stuff. Then Donald Trump posts this, the great Dana White, the great Dana White, and then it's somebody wearing a shirt that says Donald Trump matters with some like weird, creepy selfie of Dana White who runs the UFC. I mean, what, what in the world is this?


This is some, again, strange, strange behavior. Let's take a look at the success of Medicare and negotiating these lower drug prices. Here's how it was announced by the Center for Medicaid Services. Biden Harris administration delivered on their promise to deliver lower prescription drug costs for Americans in a historic moment that will help lower prescription drugs for millions of people across America. Biden Harris announced that it has reached agreements for new lower prices for all 10 drugs selected for negotiations. These negotiated drugs are some of the most expensive and frequently distributed drugs in the Medicare program, and are used to treat conditions such as heart disease, diabetes, and cancer.


The new prices will go into effect for people with Medicare Part D prescription drug prices beginning January 1st, 2026. If the new prices had been in effect the last year, Medicare would've saved an estimated $6 billion or approximately 22% across the 10 selected drugs. These negotiated prices range from 38 to 79% discounts off of list prices. About 9 million people with Medicare use at least one of the 10 drugs selected for negotiation. And you can see right here just a chart of some of the new prices post that chart right there, the new prices. This is real stuff that helps people while Donald Trump is posting his, his stupid name on the American flag and selfies of Dana White, you got Biden and Harris doing things like this.


And by the way, because of just the timing of things, the earliest this can kick in is like in a year and a half to two years. But they're doing it for the American people. 'cause that's what they were put in power to do. That's what they were put in power to do. You know, also, look, jobless claims fell to their lowest level since July 6th, right now, and here we know that US crude oil production officially hit a record. 13.4 million barrels per day daily oil production has increased by 22% over the last four years. I mean, just think about it. The US is the world's largest oil producer and, and we have real important attention being paid to climate change.


So those are your updates right now. We will keep you posted, of course, as as we learn more here on the Midas Touch Network. Let me know what you think it subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Check out that Midas Touch Merch as well. It's store, not Midas Touch dot com. Also go to patreon.com/ Midas Touch, thanks for watching. Hey, Midas mighty love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.