
A B, C Thursdays. Welcome back.


Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why Didn't you tell me you were Pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just another Doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are Unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Donald Trump's lead to lawyer, Alina, Habba. Just getting more desperate and odd by the day. This is an email that was sent from the Trump campaign on behalf of Alina Haba, Donald Trump's lead lawyer, and basically his top advisor Now. it says Message from Alina Haba. Pretty pleased with a cherry on top is what it says. And it's a picture of her face with her head tilted. And it says, pretty pleased with the cherry on top. It's President Trump's senior advisor, Alina Haber. Early voting has begun and Kamala Harris has raised over $600 million. But if everyone reading gives just $6 before the end of the day, I know will leave her campaign in the dust.


So from one die hard Trump supporter to another and then it asks for money. Now, Alina HaBO was recently on a hot mic. Joking. Gimme your money. Gimme your money. So I can go to Neiman Marcus. Here's what she said on the hot mic so you can hear for yourself. play the clip. Hi guys. Just got off the boat. Donate Trump 2024. So give me your credit card. I won't take it to Neiman Marcus, but I will donate. Wait, you should, I think you should put it on there. Can we? I don't know if you know who my client is, but he was right about everything. Oh, liberal tears liberal. I know how to make money that will fucking, Yeah, we lost him.


I'm gonna get destroyed. It's true though. And we've been seeing more odd appearances by Donald Trump's lawyer like this asking for money. Now we know from previous financial disclosures that Alina Haba months ago had been paid close to five to $6 million by Donald Trump's political action committees. Now, I would not be surprised if that number is closer to 15 or even $20 million now that Mr. And Mrs. Magia are paying for Alina Habas services. And here she is posting things like this ninth inning full count game face on, let's bring it home, vote Trump.


And of course she took one of the most lavish 40th birthday celebrations imaginable. Insane Barts. She gifted her pals Dior accessories. She stayed in the five star private Villa luxury resorts. She had embroidered incredibly beautiful like bags for her friends and just very strange stuff. But here she is right here in a recent video basically saying, give us some money. We need more donations here. Play this clip. Alina Haba Trump headquarters in Florida. Everyone, I'm so excited to be here and I wanted to go around and surprise these poor people that are going to be crazy and ask you a very important question.


If you donate $5, what does it do to help us? Okay, so here we go. Hi. Hi. How are you? Good, how are you? Okay, so I need you to tell me if we get $5 from that person watching right now, how's it gonna help us? We are gonna be able to register thousands of people to vote. Perfect love that thousands of people registered to vote is so important. Guys, if you don't register and you're not out there on November 5th, there is nothing I can do what President Trump can do without you. Hey. Hi, how are you? Good. Tell me what $5 does for us. $5 means we can put on hundreds, thousands, even more rallies. Love that. If you put on a rally, you get to hear me yell at you and tell Kamala she's the worst. Hey, tell me what $5 donating does for the campaign.


It'll get us more ads to reach all voters with Trump's message. That's a hundred percent true. But we need you guys to take a minute, donate, click the link below and help us make America great again. And, and this is every single day. Now, again, this is Donald Trump's lead lawyer who's the ones that, I just wanna reemphasize this because this is not kind of normal things that lawyers do. And here she is again, asking for more money, asking for more donations. Here, play this clip. So anybody that knows me, Alina Haa, senior advisor to the Trump campaign. But let's be honest, I also care a lot about my fit check. And we just got these brand New Navy and gold Make America great again hats.


I love them. They're awesome. If I see you wearing them at the rally, I'm going to come up and take a picture with you. I promise you that. Just wave me down. That is a commitment. Go get yours so that when I see you Friday, I'm speaking Friday when I see you wearing this, let's go make America great again. You know? And then she's making a bunch of selfie videos of herself. Like, here's one where she refers to Donald Trump her client as Big Daddy is how she refers to him. And she goes, we know we all love Big Daddy Trump. Again, this is Donald Trump's lead lawyer. play the clip, The goat of golf. Who loves Big Daddy Trump.


I love Daddy Trump. Oh, hey, I just got a great future behind me. That's all I got. We Just love our country. We do Love our country. We Love our country. Vote Trump vote No. We've seen, of course, various photos of Donald Trump with Alina Haba. We know that they've been traveling together. Alina Haba often wears her favorite hat when she's traveling with Donald Trump. It is a photo of Donald Trump's face on it, giving the middle finger. She definitely loves this hat a lot. You can see her right there wearing it. She goes around in a fake American flag shirt. Now you see right here, the jacket that she wears is a fake American flag.


It has 11 stripes, not the 13 stripes representing the original 13 colonies. And again, just more selfie videos of herself like this one where she posts, she's the one posting this stuff. Like here she is jumping into ball pits. And again, this is like this supposed to be a, a lawyer. And and here it is, here, play the clip. Now, one of the things that Alina Habbas said in her capacity as Donald Trump's lawyer, when she was asked whether or not Donald Trump had admitted that he lost the election. Here she is admitting that Donald Trump lost the 2020 election ahead of the arraignment in Washington dc.


Here play this clip number Of, there's testimony and there's a number of aides that have said that the president was made aware that he lost the election and yet continued to argue that, that it was stolen from him. How, how do you reconcile those two things? Well, I think that everybody was made aware that he lost the election, but that doesn't mean that that was the only advice he was given. As anybody understands what happens in the Oval Office, there are a numerous amount of advisors and politicians and lawyers, not just one or two that are giving you advice and telling you what they believe is true. So he may not agree with Mike Pence, he may not agree with one of his lawyers, but that doesn't mean that there weren't other people advising him exactly the opposite. And the president has a right as every one of us do, to listen to several opinions and make their decision.


You may assume that you're getting everything your body needs from your diet or simple green juice, but I recently discovered that most people, including myself, are still short on essential nutrients. Our bodies need to function at our best. So I've been taking momentous, creatine Omega-3 and Protein Daily to ensure that all of my bases are covered. These three supplements support nearly every aspect of my foundational health from aiding my cognitive function to reducing inflammation in my muscles and joints, just to name a few. My momentous daily protocol has become a staple in my health routine and makes the perfect addition to other wellness products that are part of my toolkit as well. Look, supplements can feel like a dirty word, and navigating the space can be daunting due to lack of trust and transparency in the space. But I've come to learn that I can trust momentous, which makes the decision easier. My trust in momentous is because of their dedication to working with the best, from their collaboration with experts to their unparalleled commitment to only using the highest quality ingredients. And they invest in third party testing holding their products to the same types of standards set by the most demanding organizations in the world like the NFL and the NBA. They call it the momentous standard, which is really the industry's leading standard in quality. Look, there's a reason why the world's best athletes and experts use and help develop momentous products. So if you're like me and you want to take supplements that are made by and used by the best in the world, go to live momentous.com/midas, touch and use the code Midas. Touch To, get up to 20% OFF your first order. That's live momentous.com/midas. Touch and use the code. Midas touch,


you know, and and one of the things that I pointed out that she would very frequently do is like during the depositions of Donald Trump, she would like coach Donald Trump. Remember the moment in the Eugene Carroll case where Donald Trump confused his former wife, Ivana, who's now buried in a back lot of his golf club under a bunch of shrubs. And he confused her with Eugene Carroll and he thought the photo of Eugene Carroll was ex actually confused as Marla Maples. I believe he confused it with Marlo or or Ivana. And he said, that's my wife. That's my wife. Well, whatever he, he confused Eugene Carroll with his wife, and then he said that Eugene Carroll's not his type and not the chosen one.


Remember here play this clip. I think so, yes. Okay. And do you recall when you first saw this photo? At some point during the process? I saw it. That's I guess her husband, John Johnson, who was an anchor for a b, c. Nice guy. I thought I mean. I don't know him, but I thought he was pretty good at what he did. I don't even know who the woman, let's see, I don't know who it's Marla. You say Marla's in this photo. That's Marla. Yeah, that's, that's my wife. Which woman Are you pointing to? No, That's here, Carol.


Oh, that the person you just pointed to was Carol. Oh, I see. Who is that? Who is this point? Your wife and the person, the woman on the right is your then wife. I don know, this was the picture. I assume that's John Johnson. Is that? That's Carol Carol because it's very blurry now in your June 21. And here Alina Haba is at the recent press conference that Donald Trump held where he spent time attacking his sexual assault victims, where Donald Trump said that he couldn't have sexually assaulted these women because they were not attractive enough and they were not the chosen one that he would do that too, is what he says. You could see Alina Haas's face in the background right here, here play this clip.


I know you're gonna say it's a terrible thing to say, but it couldn't have happened. It didn't happen. And she would not have been the chosen one. She would not have been the chosen one. She has gone around for years saying the story everywhere I go, she says this story and it's a total lie. Now, you Know, one of the things I wanna point out as well though is, you know, Alina Haas's rise in Donald Trump's inner circle, I think really began in earnest when she would say things like the FBI planted the nuclear documents in Mar-a-Lago.


And that's why they were there. Like she was willing to say anything for him, right? When the FBI executed a search warrant, she said all of the stuff now that Donald Trump now claims is his, but that he had an absolute immunity and absolute right to steal. Back then the argument was that the FBI planted all of this stuff. And so again, I just wanna remind you of the behavior over the years. Here, play this clip. This Is a joke. This is me memento. And quite honestly, I'm concerned that they may have planted something, you know, at this point, who knows, I don't trust the government and that's a very frightening thing as an American, if I didn't wanna be an American and go to another, this is third world stuff. We've heard it. This is Cuba. This is, this is not our country. People Are saying here, Alina Haba is on Donald Trump's airplane.


Play this clip. What is up Alina Haa, senior advisor to President Trump and the Trump campaign. I just wanted to give everybody a little sneak peek on how sick this Trump force one is. It is the epitome of President Trump. Now in the cockpit of Trump Force one, I wanna show you something that I've told my kids about, but nobody gets to see. Look at the Bobblehead. It is the Trumpea. We're coming in high. This is the bull playing. And I wanna give a shout out to the head of legal AF, Michael Poppa, who head of legal AF, along with Karen Friedman Magnio. Michael Poppa just launched the Legal AF YouTube channel. I'm not sure if you've seen it, it's great. Subscribe to the legal F YouTube, legal AF YouTube channel.


By the way, he recently covered Alina Haba entering into a settlement with a woman who was sexually harassed at Bedminster. And you'll, you'll see Alina Haba befriended this woman and then ultimately had this woman enter into a settlement agreement. And then the woman says that she was coerced into doing it by Alina Haba. Michael Poppa breaks it down eloquently here, play this clip. This is Michael Poppa, legal AF, Alina Haa. Donald Trump's lead lawyer is back in the news for all the wrong reasons. She's in trouble with New Jersey courts and New Jersey judges over something that she allegedly did to try to force somebody to settle a case with Donald Trump's Bedminster golf course under false pretenses, grooming the plaintiff who had been terribly sexually abused and sexually assaulted by a food and beverage manager at the Bedminster Golf course as alleged in her filed complaint, convincing her that she was Alina ha that Alina HaBO was her friend.


That Alina HaBO was just doing her a solid, that Alina HaBO was a great lawyer when all along in misleading the plaintiff, Alice Bianco, then 21 years old with no legal training or knowledge, Alina Hava as alleged in the lawsuit. And now she settled the case. So, you know, what that means has, has basically told this poor defenseless person that trust me, I'll, you know, come to my law firm, come to my law office, I'll meet you in the parking lot. I'm wearing gym clothes. You're wearing gym clothes. These are direct quotes from the complaint. And then when she finally snookered and groomed the plaintiff, Alice Bianco and had her put her John Hancock on that NDA, that na, that nondisclosure agreement To get the $15,000, which is a small sum given the allegations against the food and beverage manager for which the Trump Bedminster Club was responsible after that, when Alice b and, and, and forced Alice Bianco and compelled her to fire her then existing lawyer and just rely on Alina Haba.


Some of you might be thinking that are not in the law. This sounds unethical. This sounds like it should violate some code of ethics, let's say, for New Jersey bar members, and you'd be right. In fact, as the complaint alleges, Alina Haba violated a number of rules of professional conduct under New Jersey law. It's so bad that the judge presiding over the case. This is the case that's about to be settled. But there is a, a ruling of his by Judge Joseph Ray, REA in New Jersey Superior Court dated back in December of 2023. We reported on a hot tick like this. And on legal AF, this is what he hand wrote at the bottom of the order.


He, this is what he said. He said, if it comes, if, if the court receives reliable information indicating a substantive violation of the rules of professional conduct by Alina Haba, then he will make a referral to the appropriate ethics board. I mean the judge took the time and the ink and spilled some ink on this page to tell Alina Haba back in December, you got a problem. So you may be asking now that she has reportedly settled the case with Alice Bianco paying her an undisclosed sum in a confidential settlement agreement, which by the way, I, I would suggest to you that under New Jersey law, that settlement agreement may not be binding. In other words, the payment is binding, but the terms that would require confidentiality given what has been charged here, may not be, may not be enforceable.


So Just wanted to show you all of that, show you what's going on, and just not in the world, and just not normalize the behavior. Have you seen our new substack? It's midas plus.com. We just launched it. Check it out. Midas plus Thank, you'll enjoy it anyway, have a great day. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.