PhRMA (0s):
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP. For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders

McAfee (31s):
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any time terms apply.

Tremfya (1m 1s):
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year. Many patients taking Tremfya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Taya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.

3 (1m 45s):
Donald Trump and his campaign went mask off at MSG revealing who they truly are. Oh wait, they've been doing this since Donald Trump went down the escalator and probably even before that we are at the Midas Touch Network. Have been documenting each and every one of the stops that Donald Trump's been going on, really since 2020 when Midas Touch was founded. But even after Donald Trump lost in spectacular fashion in the 2020 election, he's been campaigning ever since. I mean, his first rally that he did after losing in 2020 was in Waco, Texas on the 30th anniversary of the Waco Siege, where he had people like Ted Nugent go up on stage and call President Zelensky a homosexual among other things.

3 (2m 37s):
When then Donald Trump took the stage and saluted the January 6th insurrectionist and played a new version of the national anthem. And Donald Trump's been going around over the past several weeks, calling the United States of America a trash can. He says America is garbage. So is it truly a surprise that Donald Trump speaker would also refer to American citizens as garbage? It should shock the conscience. It certainly does here. We're not numb to that at the Midas Touch Network. But there was something about this Madison Square Garden event, perhaps under the bright lights of one of the biggest or most famous arenas in the history of the United States of America.

3 (3m 25s):
In New York. It should be noted, I mean, vice President Kamala Harris had significantly more people at her Houston event than there are seating capacity in Madison Square Guard, but perhaps it's the bright lights of New York City. Perhaps it's the fact that, you know, Donald Trump essentially was saying, look good. I'm trying to tell you how horrible I am and what I wanna do, but it got a lot of attention. I want to give a hat tip to our editors and our editorial team led by Ron Philip Kowski, And we got people like Ason Ason was the first to get out that clip of that speaker at the beginning who was saying those horrific racist things. But it wasn't just that one speaker who said that Puerto Rico was a garbage can or a floating trash of, of whatever.

3 (4m 11s):
It wasn't just that he attacked the Latino community and said horrific, just blatantly vile and racist things. Every speaker one by one, they went up there and they said similar things like that. Then Donald Trump took the stage and talked about bringing back laws from the 17 hundreds, which is what he says he wants to do. He says he wants to have bloody mass deportation operations. He says on day one, putting people in camps. He says it's gonna be bloody. And he says he's going to invoke laws from the 17 hundreds. 'cause he says that's when America was best and the laws were most effective during slavery in the 17 hundreds.

3 (4m 54s):
So we'll break all of this down and then we'll show you the contrast, as we always do with Vice President Kamala Harris. And she's running a campaign that's built on enthusiasm, energy, taking the nation forward and policy, and she's talking about everything from tax credits to investing in childcare for American people to expanding healthcare opportunities to making education more affordable. You know, one of the wild split screens is as Donald Trump's surrogates were spewing vile anti Puerto Rican rhetoric. You had Vice President Kamala Harris actually just by coincidence that day, but it's not really necessarily by coincidence.

3 (5m 36s):
'cause Trump's always doing vile things and she's always building, you know, out opportunities. She was at a restaurant owned by a Puerto Rican family laying out her agenda of how to help Puerto Rican businesses grow. So we'll break it all down here on the Midas Touch podcast. I'm Ben, myself. We've got Brett and Jordy, and again, I just wanna say it at the outset, that was ASIN who had that clip ready to go. It's gotten, I don't know, by the time of this live, 55, 60 million views If you added it across everywhere. Bad moneys po, you know, all these people posted it. So it's probably been viewed close to a billion times now. Really? Yeah, but you know, it, it, it is important that we remain vigilant and that's what we're gonna do over the, over the coming days.

3 (6m 17s):
Yeah. Our Clippers did a a great job. Our researchers did a fantastic job, And we just, what a weird event. Like we knew it was going to be bizarre going into it. You never know quite exactly what direction it's going to go in, but they just decided for this one, we're just gonna go hate, hate, hate, hate. It's going to be like a celebration of hate. And that is what we saw at Madison Square Garden. And truthfully, it just, it really breaks my heart being, you know, a a, a New Yorker being from New York to see the garden. Such an iconic place used that way. Something that was, you know, reminiscent of the 1930s when there were Nazi rallies held in the garden. And that was a shame that the garden has carried with it. And then to hold this rally, which just celebrated hate even further, and was all about punching down at immigrants, punching down at marginalized communities.

3 (7m 2s):
It was just atrocious. Like I, it was, it was honestly just disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. And I hope, honestly, I hope as many Amer Americans as possible, were tuned into that and are watching these clips and are seeing what is going on. And I'm glad, you know, it's, it's, it's funny that it takes moments like this for things to break through and sometimes for other people, even though Donald Trump says the same things, but for someone else to utter his words for them to go, oh, that's kind of messed up. It's like, yeah, that, that's what this guy's been saying the whole time. You've ignored it. But I'm happy that it is breaking through this one and that people are taking notice. I mean, we're just about a week away until election day, as crazy as that is. And now is the time for people to understand that the threat that lays in front of us right now is serious.

3 (7m 43s):
This isn't, this isn't Ro Obama, okay? I'm telling you that right now. There are serious consequences if Donald Trump were to win this thing. It's so important that democracy prevails, and that's why we're fighting every single day. And that's why I, I know that you all are as well. Jordy, what's new excited for the show tonight, brothers? Just, yeah, to, to that point, Brett, I'm so pissed that they brought that to the mecca, the garden MSG. Think about what a unifier MS G's been, you know, over the years with sports and concerts and they just bring a, a hate rally to New York. And, but you know what? I always try and find the silver lining in these things, and there was some despicable things that they said there, to say the least. But you know what? It really motivated me that much more being that we are a week out now, just to see what's at stake.

3 (8m 27s):
It's an entire party filled with hate versus an apo, an entire party that despises that type of hatred and just wants to be pron normal, pro-human, and pro nice. It's, it's unbelievable. The two differences between these parties could not be more different. And so I'm, I'm re-energized in, in some weird way coming off that rally because right there again, I know what's at stake in seven days. You know, now they're whining today, Donald Trump, and not so much Trump, but his kind of campaign is whining. Donald Trump's actually gloating about what happened at the Madison Square Garden. He posted it and reposted the Rupert Murdoch paper, the New York Post, saying it was MAGA Square Garden.

3 (9m 7s):
So Trump loves it, but the campaign and the surrogates are whining and JD Vance is whining. They're like, why are you going after us? You're calling us names. You're, you're saying that we're hateful. Why are you doing that? Look, no one forced you to put on a hate rally. Nor should we cover our eyes and close our ears as lots of corporate media has done and continues to do at what it is that you are doing and saying at these events, that is AdChoices that you make because that is who you are. That you are gonna go to the Madison Square Garden and say despicable and hateful things and punch down at all different types of marginalized communities and minority groups over and over again. That that's how you choosing to run the campaign.

3 (9m 49s):
You could go to Madison Square Garden and lay out how you're going to help families with childcare. You could lay out a plan for tax credits. You can lay out a plan to improve our education system and not gut it and buy Trump Bibles, which is what you really want to do. You can lay out plans to expand healthcare, make prescription drug prices more affordable. You can lay out these plans to protect our veterans and make sure they get the best care. You can talk about how you're going to support our allies, how you're going to help nato, how you're going to stop the threats of Russia wanting to take over all of Europe and use Ukraine as its first foothold into its broader plans.

3 (10m 31s):
Wait, no, you support Vladimir Putin. You support Kim Jong Hoon, you support Victor Orban. You support a coalition of authoritarian. So it is just who you are. And perhaps this has worked on the corporate media to some extent, and they're like, oh, I guess we can't be mean to them. So working the ref works. But I think one of the big October surprises, in addition to Trump, October surprising himself by doing the Madison Square Garden event, is the mask off moment for the corporate media as well. We've been talking about it a ton on the Midas Touch Network. And sometimes after we do a show where we focus on corporate media and their behavior, sometimes we huddle up as brothers and we're like, were we too whiny about the media?

3 (11m 18s):
And saying how bad they are. But we also know we had to do it And we had to call 'em out. But it's so obvious now that, you know, their mask off moment is they were complicit. They were in on it. We were always wondering, wait a minute, why is this independent media network we built with three brothers and this wonderful Midas mighty community? I'm like, why were we one of the only groups of people out there kind of telling the truth? It's an honor. It's an honor, and I feel duty bound to do. But like, where's everyone? Like, where's everybody else? Oh, wait a minute, they're actually in on it. They want the oligarchy, they want the Putin style. They don't want democracy. So I think that's an important point as well.

3 (11m 58s):
But look, I think Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign has been doing a great job actually messaging all of those issues that I discussed before about what are you gonna do with healthcare? What are you gonna do with education? What are you gonna do with small businesses? Heck, she was, she was there at a business in Puerto Ric, a Puerto Rican business owned business, talking about those plans. 'cause she didn't know what they were gonna say at the Trump rally. That's just what she's doing every day. Talking about plans, not doing stunts, coming up with details. Here's how it's gonna help you, here's how it's gonna help you. And I think their rapid response has been great. So here, vice President Kamala Harris launched this digital ad targeting Latino voters. Let's show it a

4 (12m 39s):
Floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean. I think it's called Puerto Rico.

5 (12m 43s):
Puerto Rico.

6 (12m 45s):
I will never forget what Donald Trump did. He abandoned the island and offered nothing more than paper towels and insults. Puerto Ricans deserve better as president. I will always fight for you and your families, and together We can chart a new way forward. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message.

3 (13m 8s):
No, I think it's important for all of our viewers out there. We'll talk throughout this episode about things that you can do. Action items. One action item you can do is to make sure that anybody, you know, any relative, any Latino relative, any Puerto Rican relative, knows about what went down at that event. It's a simple task. You can do it through your WhatsApp, you know, any of, any of your modes of communication, you know, text message, send to people so they know what is up. But let's show you what went down. I know you've seen this clip a ton right now, but you should also know that it's not a foregone conclusion that you'd be able to see clips like this. 'cause again, it wasn't the New York Times or other corporate media that's posted clips.

3 (13m 52s):
The first clip of this, oh, by the way, this is what the, this is what USA today wrote about the Trump event. This is for real. This guy Zach Anderson at USA Today, who's like deleting a lot of his tweets now. 'cause people are letting Zach Anderson know what they felt about this. Trump sticks to economy, immigration in closing pitch at Madison Square Garden, and lots of corporate media headlines kind of mirrored that and always mirrored that. Donald Trump would go to Waco, Texas and he'd get a normal headline. Donald Trump's been consistently talking about America being a garbage can for the world and almost not a peep other than here on the Midas Touch Network.

3 (14m 33s):
Fortunately, over the past two years, we've gotten like 4.9 billion views. So more than the corporate media. So the message is getting out, but it's not a foregone conclusion. This stuff gets out. So again, thank you ASIN on our team, our senior digital editor for clipping this. But let's play it where the surrogate for Donald Trump, the speaker who, by the way, just so you know, Trump vetted this speech. The speaker wanted to call Vice President Kamala Harris in the speech, the C word that was in the original speech. So the campaign of Trump said, yeah, don't use that word. But they had another plan for who was going to use that word to call Vice president Kamala Harris, the C word Elon Musk's super Pac has been out there with ads that basically, that basically it says Kamala Harris is a C word.

3 (15m 25s):
That's what they say. This is what Musk's pack, when you see Musk up there on stage with Donald Trump, it wasn't like they told the comedian, Hey, don't do it because we don't want, we don't think that'll, that'll sit. Well, they said don't do it because Musk already took that and Musk's pack was the one who's doing this or the pack he gives money to. So they go, America, this is what, this is their, this is their closing message. And this is why when Breca is at the beginning, this is not a normal election. Their closing message is, America really can't afford a C word in the White House right now with like a laughy face emoji with someone like, who can't control their laughter emoji.

3 (16m 6s):
So their hands over their face vote today. Kamala Harris is a C word and it's a photo of her. That's what they are going with. So let me show you, this is what that surrogate of Donald Trump said. Let, let me, let me just play it for you. I'm sure you've seen it by now, but let's play it.

4 (16m 23s):
It is absolutely wild times. It really, really is. And you know, there's a lot going on. Like, I don't know If you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah, I think it's called Puerto Rico. Okay. Alright. Okay, we're getting there.

3 (16m 46s):
So just so you see though, the Trump campaign's not gonna remove that. They knew that was happening and they're not gonna remove that. He was just mirroring what Trump's been saying. Trump's been like, we did a split screen. Let me just show you. Here's the split screen that we did. Let's play it.

4 (17m 1s):
But there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah, I think it's called Puerto Rico.

7 (17m 9s):
We're the garbage can for the world. We are, we're a garbage can. We're like a garbage can and they dump their criminals there. People with tremendous mental problems from insane asylums, from mental institutions. They're drug dealers, they're gang members.

3 (17m 29s):
Okay? Now here, that same speaker says these Latinos, they love making babies. Just know that there's no pulling out. They come inside just like they did to our country. This was the speaker at the Trump Vance rally in Madison Square Garden. Let's play it. I

4 (17m 49s):
I welcome migrants to the United States of America with open arms and by open arms. I mean like this, it's wild. And these Latinos, they love making babies too. Just know that they do. They do. There's no pulling out. They don't do that. They come inside just like they did to our country. Republicans are the party with a good sense of humor. Yeah,

3 (18m 24s):
People are laughing in the audience. They find that funny, that guy's, Tony Hinchcliffe, he's goes by the nickname, kill Tony. He's got a history of doing all of this racist stuff. And, and for those listening on audio, when he said, we welcome people with arms like this, he was making a hand gesture as though getaway get out. We don't want migrants here. As Geraldo Rivera posted a floating island of garbage referring to Puerto Rico poisoning the blood of our nation, which by the way is a quote for Madoff Hitler. We have murder in our genes. One of the things that Donald Trump says is that the migrants have bad genetics that make them murderers.

3 (19m 6s):
Then Geraldo goes, f these racist Latino men of goodwill have pride in yourselves and your ancestors. A vote for Trump is a vote against self-respect. I think that's a good point too. You, you may have seen the interview I did earlier in the day with Carlos Eduardo Espina. And one of the things that, that he said to the Latino men out there, he is like, he, he, he had a funny line. He was like, look, I, I see some of you get disrespected, you know, when someone talks about your sports team the wrong way. He goes, what If you were at a bar or you were out and about with your family and someone said something bad about your wife, or called your kid ugly or made a comment like that?

3 (19m 47s):
He goes, he goes, I know the Latino men. I hang out with you. You would be livid. I said, so why are you letting Donald Trump and JD Vance and this entire Trump campaign and maga disrespect you like this? It's about self-respect. They're literally mocking you to your face. Can't you see it? I thought it was a brilliant point by him. I wanna show you though, what he also, oh, that that same individual was making jokes about, I mean, horrific statements that they were claiming. Oh, it was just a joke. But he was talking about black people eating watermelon.

3 (20m 27s):
I I, I think Do we, do we have that one Brett?

4 (20m 29s):
All right. Heck yeah. It's cool. Black guy with a thing on his head. What the hell is that? A lampshade? Look at this guy. Oh my goodness.

9 (20m 39s):
Wow.

4 (20m 42s):
I'm just kidding. That's one of my buddies. He had a Halloween party last night. We had fun. We carved watermelons together. It was awesome.

3 (20m 49s):
One final clip, Brett, and then I wanna throw it to you. JD Vance responded to this today and JD Vance said, I don't know, maybe these are racist jokes. Maybe they are not. He says, he goes, maybe they're not, but we need to stop getting offended by this America. Just get over it. He says, he goes, maybe this is racist. Maybe it's not. Stop getting offended. Just get over it here, play it

10 (21m 13s):
Now. I, I didn't, I I've heard about the joke. I haven't actually seen the joke that you mentioned, but I think that it's telling that Kamala Harris's closing message is essentially that all of Donald Trump's voters are Nazis. And you should get really pissed off about a comedian telling a joke. That is not the message of a winning campaign. And most importantly, it's not the message of a person who's fit to be the president of the United States of America. I, and, and, and my own view on this is, look, again, I haven't seen the joke. I I, you know, maybe, maybe it's a stupid racist joke as you said.

10 (21m 53s):
Maybe it's not, I haven't seen it. I'm not gonna comment on the specifics of the joke, but I think that we have to stop getting so offended at every little thing in the United States of America. I'm just, I'm so over it.

3 (22m 6s):
Brett, can we acknowledge the irony that out of everybody in this entire election, the only person who has actually called Donald Trump Hitler is JD Vance. And this is like the line that all that JD Vance himself kind of trotted out there. And you see Marjorie Taylor Greene, they're calling Donald Trump, Hitler, they're calling him Hitler. They're not a, but he sure is following Hitler's playbook, that's for sure. And the only person who literally called Donald Trump Hitler back when he actually had a little bit of common sense was JD Vance when he literally referred to Donald Trump as America's Hitler. I just hate the hypocrisy of these people who always try to silence voices that they, they disagree with. And then when any of this stuff blows up in their face, they always just make excuses.

3 (22m 50s):
Extra excuse after excuse. The propaganda machine just goes into like crazy mode right now. They're like, what? My, my favorite of these lies was like, I can't believe you're so mad. He was obviously just highlighting the trash problems that Puerto Rico has with their trash facilities. Yeah, no, actually no. Good try, but no, I'm sorry, I, I, I just, I hate this MAGA movement so much and it extends far beyond anything even political. It extends far beyond even any one policy or anything. I hate the way they lie. I hate the way they cheat. I hate the way they make excuses for every little thing. I hate the way that they project and try to spin everything. And it always seems like they're speaking about themselves when they're speaking about other people.

3 (23m 33s):
These people have zero self-awareness, zero self-awareness whatsoever, and they have no shame whatsoever. And it is just so incredibly frustrating watching these people day in day out, do this sort of thing. And that's why, you know, there's so many reasons why this election is so important. But that is one of the reasons as well, we need to put an end to this nonsense. This is not the party of personal responsibility. They've abdicated that long time ago. They are not that at all. The Democrats are the party of personal responsibility. The Democrats will happily admit if something's wrong, if they could do something better. That's kind of part of the DNA right now of the party. And it's a big tent coalition. But then you have these just fascist maniacs on this other side, these creeps, these weirdos, and I'm sure we'll get to some of these other clips soon to show you some of these creeps and weirdos who really want to control your lives in the most heinous of ways.

3 (24m 26s):
And behind those jokes, there are serious actions that these people want to take that are actually going to seriously harm these communities. And by the way, I hate these comedians as well, who call themselves comedians and have, and had just project all this hate at people nonstop. This is not the comedy that I grew up with. These are not the comedians that I respected growing up. It's just such a violent strain of kind of comedy right now that is gotten popular. And I just hate it so much that they are kind of siding with this fascist movement and they're propping up this fascist movement right now. That's not comedy. That's you. You wanna act like you're like sticking it to the man or that you're anti-establishment. You are literally siding with the establishment while they are trying to pursue one of the greatest atrocities in the future.

3 (25m 11s):
Like they are telling you, we wanna take people out of their homes. We wanna rip 'em out, have police have militarys 'em on our citizens. They're telling us all this horrific stuff that they're gonna do. And you're up there making jokes and normalizing it and inviting these people onto your podcast. It's like, enough is enough. All you need to take some damn personal responsibility for your actions. I'm so sick of it. Perfectly puppy. And then these comedians, then they get mad, right? It's like, bro, you're not the cellar, you're not at the laugh factory. You're not at one of these comedy clubs. And nor would it be funny even If you were there, but you're not even there. You're at a hate rally and now you're projecting hate that aligns with this political ideology and this movement. Of course, people are going to get pissed, don't go all of a sudden cancel culture this, they're trying to cancel.

3 (25m 54s):
That's not what's happening here. You're at a hate rally aligning your own hateful views with hateful people. So of course people are going to be mad. It's absolutely nutty. You know? And then real quick, real quick. So have you guys noticed what these republicans just do all the time now, like the JD Vans and whatnot, when there's a very viral moment or a video or clip, they go, I haven't seen the clip yet, but here's the thing. And then they talk about every little like fabric of the clip. How do these followers just allow themselves to be lied to at their face? Like jd, you've obviously seen the clip, so what are we even doing here? Like just abs, like just, just be a human and respond to it, condemn it, and then let's let, let's move forward with society in a positive way.

3 (26m 35s):
But that's not what this MAGA movement's based off of. It's based off of hate. And they'll never do that and they'll never pull themselves up by their bootstraps. This isn't your mother's Republican party can't absolutely bonkers and they can't condemn it because this is who they are and this is who Donald Trump is. And Donald Trump has remade this party in his image. And that's what we are seeing out there. You know, when I worked at the Ellen DeGeneres show, you know, she had a warmup act that would come on before the show would start. They'd have somebody hype up the crowd, do some trivia, throw up some shirts, right? And when you go to comedy shows, they have warmup acts for the main thing. They're supposed to get the crowd loose, have making, having fun. What you see at this Trump event is a warmup act for an act that's about hate.

3 (27m 16s):
And so they have to whip the crowd into a frenzy the whole time while they lead up to that headline or act. And that's the difference between this guy doing a set at the Comedy cellar or this guy you doing this rally. He is basically acting as Donald Trump's hate, hate fluffer in a way. And he, and that's like, that's what he is doing at that rally. And that's what Elon Musk is doing. That's what Tucker Carlson is doing. It's all about riling these people up. I think ideally with the end goal of violence, quite frankly, I agree with you, and look, I mean, PE-people can be moved with common purpose for the betterment of a society and you can rally large groups to move people forward. What history also shows sadly, is that you can rally large groups of people with a herd mentality to commit atrocities against the other.

3 (28m 6s):
To your point, Brett, comedy is not being an arm of a fascist regime that intends to punch down. That's not comedy. Punching down at marginalized communities and mocking people who are the powerless or mocking people who are vulnerable. That's, that's not, that's not comedy, that's bullying. And bullying should not be viewed as alpha. I always thought the alpha stands up for people, not does the, the bullying. And that's also one of, I think the big problems with this MAGA movement is trying to glorify the bully who demonizes and makes fun of and mocks the other versus standing up for our fellow Americans.

3 (28m 53s):
Let's take our first quick break of the show. We've got a lot more show folks. Hang in there. We'll be right back after our first quick break.

Trade Coffee (29m 3s):
If you make coffee at home like I do, then you have to hear about our friends at trade. You know, I'm the resident coffee snob here at Midas Touch. And I would not steer you wrong. No matter how you brew or what equipment you use, getting your coffee from trade is hands down the easiest way to instantly upgrade your at-home coffee game. Trade partners with the best independent roasters from across the US small towns where these roasters are crafting the perfect beans you'd love to experience for yourself. And with trade, you get their best coffees delivered fresh and roasted just for you. I've been trying some amazing roast lately from trade, and the freshness is unreal. You know that feeling when you open up a new bag of coffee and the smell just hits you, you, it's like a wave of rich roasted goodness. And honestly, it is so much better than going to the store every time a new bag shows up in my mailbox, I feel like it's like a holiday. I'm always so excited to see what roaster it's from and to try something new. Over 435,000 people have already discovered how much better their coffee experience can be with trade. And if you're not 100% happy with your first bag, they'll replace it for free. I mean, what's better than that? Don't settle for. Okay, coffee. Head to drink trade.com/midas to receive your first bag free. That's drink trade.com/m E-I-D-A-S to get your first bag free with any new subscription.

Ollie (30m 19s):
Today's episode is brought to you by Ali. Clean, fresh nutrition your dog needs in five flavors, they'll absolutely flip over. Feeding your dog real whole foods with minimal processing is one of the best choices you can make for their health. A whole fresh food diet has been proven to extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who wouldn't want more time with their best friend? Ali's recipes have no harmful fillers, no preservatives, and are made in us kitchens with ingredients sourced from trusted growers and producers around the world. And because Ali's meals are gently cooked, they don't need preservatives. It's fresh real food with protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries and fresh lamb with cranberries. Ali might just have your dog eating better than you. Here's how it works. Take a 32nd quiz about your dog on Ali's website and they'll create a customized meal plan based on your dog's specific needs. Ali then sends your dog starter box with two weeks worth of meals, plus a guide on how to transition them over. You could even choose from three meal plans that fit your dog's diet. And can I be real with you for a second? My dog mochi is the best. She's the sweetest, most playful, loving shihtzu in the world. She's also one of the most stubborn eaters in the world. And if the food I give her isn't up to her standards, she lets me know. So anytime I introduce something new to her, it's the ultimate test. Since I've been giving her Ali, she's been licking the bowl clean. I've been giving her the chicken dish with carrots and the lamb with cranberries, and she absolutely loves it. And right now, Ali is offering an amazing deal. 60% off your first box of meals when you subscribe. Just head to ali.com, tell them about your dog, and use the code Midas to get 60% off your first box. That's OLLI e.com, promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. They even offer a clean bowl guarantee. So if you're not satisfied, you'd get your money back.

Shopify (32m 9s):
So when we started the Midas Touch Network and online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now we're able to bring you the best pro democracy merchandise, and it's so easy, and it's all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million order stage, Shopify's there to help you grow the same way it helped us grow at the Midas Touch Network. Whether you're selling scented soap sounds good, or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers with the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to the other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI power at All Star. We use Shopify at store Midas Touch dot com, and I know you know how seamless that is and it's completely revolutionized everything we do. It allows us to easily manage our shop, view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products you know and love without Shopify, And we can't speak highly enough about Shopify. Shopify powers, 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs like Midas Touch of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify. So Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash midis, all lowercase, go to Shopify, S-H-O-P-I-F-Y. So go to Shopify dot com slash midis. Now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in, Shopify dot com slash midis, Let's go some wonderful products folks and some wonderful services, links and description of both audio and the YouTube. Click 'em, use the codes, let them know we sent you what's really, really helpful.

3 (34m 23s):
You guys are the best. Let's talk about what also went down at this racist Trump event in Manhattan. I'm not sure else how to describe it. At Madison Square Garden, you had Steven Miller, Donald Trump's advisor give a speech who literally kind of echoed we wonder like Donald Trump, Adolf Hitler, Donald Trump uses lots of lines that just sometimes tweak America for Germany, but like they're like word for word Hitler quotes. And back two years ago we started noticing like these are actually like, like, not like similar like direct Hitler quotes and weird phraseology, like things that people don't talk about poisoning the, the blood, the enemy from within.

3 (35m 5s):
You know, there there's a whole list that we, that we showed the, the similarities. And we all know that Stephen Miller's one of Donald Trump's speech writers, probably the main speech writer. So when Stephen Miller gave his speech after the other speakers called Puerto Rico, a floating piece of garbage and said horrific things about Latinos. And there are other speakers who are like literally just using the F word like over and over again and cursing at migrants, like just standing up using the F word and, and cursing. And you had like people speaking in tongues like holding a cross and calling vice president Kamala Harris, the antichrist. Then Stephen Miller comes in and you see some, for those who are watching, we have the one of the speakers who is holding the cross and screaming the anti the anti.

3 (35m 52s):
I mean, that's what's going on. That's, that's what this MAGA movement is. I'm like, watch, I'm like, what the, what what is this? Anyway, here's Stephen Miller using the, the, the quote was that, you know, Hitler used is that Germany is for Germans and Germans only. Stephen Miller does his version of it. Americas for Americans. And Americans only play this clip.

13 (36m 11s):
The cartels are gone, the criminal migrants are gone. The gangs are gone. America is for Americans and Americans only one man. And that man, ladies and gentlemen, that man took a bullet for you. He took a bullet for democracy.

3 (36m 31s):
I don't even think he took a bullet like, let's be real. We did, we did a video on this. Donald Trump. You, you saw the Joe Rogan interview where Rogan, you know who's, who's familiar with the, he does a lot of work with UFC fighting goes, can you show me the injury on your ear? And then Donald Trump's like, yeah, you see it right here. And Rogan's like, no, I I I don't see it. Look, I think a serious incident happened at Butler, Pennsylvania. I I, I do, I take it very seriously. I condemn political violence in all its machinations. It should be noted, the shooter was a maga guy, was a young white MAGA guy from Pennsylvania, which is important. So whenever they're like, oh, they tried, they tried to do it.

3 (37m 11s):
It's your own guy. He's a MAGA guy. And also Donald Trump didn't produce his medical records. While, by the way, Donald Trump supports MAGA policies of seizing women's medical records so he can track women's periods to determine if they should be arrested, if they seek reproductive care and to prevent them from crossing state lines. That's actually what Donald Trump's MAGA allies in states like Texas are doing and other MAGA allies are trying to do. But Trump didn't release his medical records. And if you're hit by an AR 15 bullet in your ear, your ear explodes. Okay? It's not like a Nerf gun, okay? An AR 15 bullet is big, it will explode your fricking ear.

3 (37m 53s):
So he even lies about that. And then he sells things about it. He sells assassination edition sneakers for $300. They sell bulletproof whiskey glasses for like $50 and all of these gold, fake gold coins with the image of him. It, it's just ridiculous stuff. Anyway, I, I digress there, but then the next speaker Donald Trump has up is Alina Haa, Donald Trump's lawyer. Now the, the, the, the behavior of Trump's lawyers, the ghoulish and the clownish, I mean, just for me as a lawyer, it, it, it's something that is just so sad and disappointing.

3 (38m 34s):
So for those who are on audio right now, we're not playing the music because she's listening to songs that are, that are copyrighted hip hop songs, the song when everybody hands go up and they say that she's doing Ben, she's doing all I all I do is win, win, win. And all she's done is lost. Like it's the, i there's the irony right there. And this alternate universe that they create is simply represented by her walkout music. All I do is win when she quite literally what owes over a million dollars in sanctions, lost all of Donald Trump's cases. And she's sitting there walking out like a clown, acting like some hero who is like an amazing attorney dancing, flipping her hand around wearing a sparkled 45 jacket that says MAGA on it.

3 (39m 19s):
I mean, look at this clown. This is ridiculous. I I, and again, this is a lawyer who's supposed to be representing the leader of an American political party who's out there like gyrating on stage and like dancing to all I do is win, win, win. When you've Brett, to your point, have lost every single case. So then you go out and you take the stage and let me show you what she says as like her first line to the crowd, your play.

14 (39m 47s):
She is some sick batch. That Hillary Clinton. Huh? What a sick son of a bitch. The whole fucking party. A bunch of degenerate. That

3 (39m 56s):
Wasn't her, but she said something. Do we have the clip of her? No, I had that one instead. Whoops. Oh, well, okay. Yeah, the next speaker, they spoke, they spoke a lot about Hillary Clinton at this round. Well, the buddy, but, but just to be clear, and and that highlights it Brett, because I wasn't even gonna call that clip. Like the thing that people need to know that was like, play a clip at random. Watch how disgusting is If you play any random clip, If you play any, okay, Brett, play, play. That was a random clip that we didn't need to select. So here's the clip that we thought was controversial, but but did it make the cut of the, of this episode? But but accidentally did. Here, watch this. I'm just picking one at random right now that pick that one. That one. Oh, okay.

14 (40m 35s):
She is some sick bachelor. That Hillary Clinton. Huh? What a sick son of a bitch. The whole fucking party. A bunch of degenerates, low lives jewel haters and low lives. Every one of them. Every one of them.

3 (40m 52s):
Yeah. My point was that was the random one that you accidentally cl you put that instead of Haba, Haba says something similar, she doesn't curse. She goes, Haba goes, I've got my, you have the Haba clip. Yeah, let's dip it.

15 (41m 3s):
You see, I put my MAGA jacket to trigger Hillary Clinton. There you go Hill.

3 (41m 11s):
Oh, and then if you're like, that's like some weirdo WWE stuff, well, they got that too. They then have Hulk Hogan who shows up with no sleeves on, you know, 'cause he was the, he was their keynote speaker at the RNC. He got the big sp speaking gig, then he ripped off his shirt and he goes, the, then If you don't vote for Trump mania, here, let me just play, this is what Hulk Hogan said yesterday. He was one of the key speakers as well. Let's play it.

14 (41m 42s):
When I hear Kamala speak, it sounds, yeah, it sounds like a script from Hollywood with a really, really bad actress.

3 (41m 56s):
How, okay, now here's the thing. I don't even know, like what is this like, and I, I, this is, I I truly mean this sincerely. Like what the hell is this? And this is where, you know, I speak to those who used to be part of the Republican party, or maybe you still consider yourself Republican, but not this MAGA thing. I speak to all the independents out there. Of course I'm speaking to my progressive democrats and liberals, but I think that I, I I, I I think you get it. And I, by the way, I think my independent friends and my Republican friends who I have a ton right now of, of get it. The point about this show, and and often when I do speaking engagements and I talk about this network, I go, look, I actually don't view the Midas Touch Network as a political network.

3 (42m 46s):
Like, well, you're like one of the biggest political networks out there. And I go, that's how you people label it. I go, but to me, this is like just human nature network. And I'm simply trying to navigate a crazy world and assess who's coming up with ideas. Maybe I even disagree with the ideas, but who, who are the ones talking about things with details, with intelligence, with facts? Who are the people who are compassionate? Who are the people coming with facts? And, and that's a big deal. Like our political system used to be both parties had facts and details and plans. And here's how I'm gonna do it. No, here's how I'm gonna do it, but we gotta do this and here's how we're gonna, and now it is like this dystopian weirdo bizarro episode of, of some sicko reality show of Donald Trump's sick, twisted, demented brain that's taken over a political party.

3 (43m 40s):
And it's worse than Idiocracy. I went back, I watched the movie Idiocracy, right now MAGA is far more idiotic than Idiocracy and it's happening right now. It it re it truly is, it truly is. Go play this whole Hogan thing one more time. Just, just, I wanna, I wanna be clear, this is Donald Trump's closing message to the American people. Hulk Hogan going up there and like speak. I don't, you know what he's doing here. Play the clip.

14 (44m 10s):
When I hear Kamala speak, it sounds, yeah, it sounds like a script from Hollywood with a really, really bad actress.

3 (44m 25s):
Okay? Now, can, can you just, that Elon Musk takes the stage. I, I'll talk more about, I'll take a talk about him in a more, but, but, but here kind of show you just do. So E Elon Musk talks about being gothic. He's big gothic maga Here, play that clip.

16 (44m 38s):
I'm not just maga I'm dark Gothic maga.

3 (44m 44s):
And then he goes and he just starts making like noises here. I play this clip, You know, and again, I, I I, I I I, what is going on here? Okay, now what, what are we doing here, folks? What are, what, what are, what are we, I mean, truthfully, the whole Hogan thing, I'm just upset. Maybe we should have Tom Llama on the podcast so he could tell us how exhilarating that moment truly was. I'm never gonna get over that llamas never gonna get over it, buddy. I think the three of us might be the only people that know what you're talking about. About maybe two of you. I don't even know what you're talking about. Anyway, he's talking about the, he's, he, he's talking about the NBC reporter who after the, the RNC was la after Hulk Hogan spoke was like Hulk Hogan just delivered what may have been one of the best convention speeches of all time.

3 (45m 32s):
That was just incredible. And we were like, Midas mighty know exactly what I'm talking about. Okay, Brett, you're heads in the sky. Brett, Brett, during the, during the next break, you gotta, you, you, you gotta pull that clip. We'll pull Hogan and then what? NBC's Report to Audit, which just mi you're right, I remember it. I'm like, what is going on here? I wanna tell everyone something pretty cool. Midas Touch is now making films. That's pretty cool. Ooh. And we've been debuting a lot of different films, some that you may, you know, that, that you may know that we're affiliated with. And we become a production studio of these great projects to try to find them homes. So as soon as this episode ends, we're going to be loading in the movie called Fight Like El. It's directed by John Long, and it is never before seen footage of the January 6th insurrection.

3 (46m 16s):
When we come back, I'm gonna talk about what Trump's new January 6th plan is, which he tried to do back then and wasn't able to do, but he's talked about it during this Madison Square Garden, man. He says that him and MAGA Mike Johnson have a secret together. We know what that secret is. So I'll explain to you what it is and what he's trying to do and how to stop it. But make sure you all watch Fight like hell. It's an incredible movie. It's free. We're bringing it to you here on the Midas Touch Network for free. And it's something that you should share with friends, family members, coworkers, neighbors as well, so that they don't, yeah, we, we wanted to make sure that we got the, what happened, we wanted to make sure that we got this movie out for free as far and wide as possible that we possibly could before the election.

3 (46m 60s):
And so we're offering it for free. I mean, I think that's kinda unheard of. Like, who offers movies that's take cost a lot of money to make it for free. And so you could actually watch this, like, we're, we're gonna go to commercial break, but I just wanna show you how you could watch it. First. You're going to be sent there after this automatically, but if you're not, If you just go to our YouTube channel, our normal channel page, there's a big section right on top that says Midas Studios. There, you'll see it, it says Fight like hell, full movie. When you click it, it will play the trailer for you and you can hit the notif notification button right there. And, and that, that is the exact spot where the movie will play. So fight like hell. It's also in the description of this podcast. So if you check the description of this podcast, you'll see fight like hell could click on it.

3 (47m 40s):
And by the way, if you're not watching this live with us right now. If you're listening to this the next day or watching this later, then it's available for you and to watch already. And you could just go there the same way you could go and watch it. So check it out. It's powerful. It is. I I thought I saw everything honestly, because of how much work we do with all this stuff. I had never seen like so much of this footage. It is shocking. And as we see the kind of plans developing right now from Trump, from Mike Johnson, I think it's more important than ever that we kind of understand what their goals were, then, how they were going about it, so that we know kind of what we're looking at, you know, a few days away from the election. So that's it. I'll see you right after this break.

3 (48m 21s):
Don't you go anywhere.

Marley Spoon (48m 26s):
Hey everyone. Brett here. You know, I've tried meal kits before, but sometimes I found they either didn't have enough options or the meals were just too complicated to put together after a long day. Luckily, I found Marley Spoon and I cannot Be happier. This podcast is sponsored by Marley Spoon. Marley Spoon knows bland food is boring. So they created the best tasting meal kit money can buy. And with our code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, you could get up to 25 free meals with Marley Spoon. You could choose from over a hundred delicious recipes every week from Cajun spiced chicken to poached salmon, to butternut squash nochi to a vegan burrito bowl. My favorite recent meal from Marley Spoon was their grilled pesto chicken. It was absolutely mouthwatering, easy to make and healthy, and many of the recipes are completely customizable. So whether you're looking for vegetarian meals, family friendly dishes, or low-carb options, Marley Spoon has the food you want to eat. They even have an in-house registered dietician who assesses every recipe taking the guesswork out of eating healthy. I just cooked a recipe from Marley Spoon last night. My wife and I loved it. There's something really rewarding about cooking food yourself and it tasting amazing versus doing expensive, unhealthy takeout. I'm honestly saving so much money and I'm eating healthier, better food as well. Marley Spoon also saves you from making that extra grocery hall. With their online market of pantry essentials, you could shop their selection of over 125 items like seasonal produce, ready to heat options, meal shortcuts, extra proteins, and handy snacks, and easily add them to your next box. With meal planning and food shopping, taking care of making delicious food at home has finally become effortless. Plus, with Marley Spoon, you aren't locked in long term. Their flexible subscription allows you to edit, pause, or cancel your boxes anytime. So experience the most personalized meal kit today with Marley Spoon. Head to marley spoon.com/offer/midas and use code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S For up to 25 free meals. That's right. Up to 25 free meals with Marley Spoon. One last time. That's marley spoon.com/offer/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Make sure you use that promo code Midas so they know that we sent you.

Nutrafol (50m 37s):
Are you interested in having hair that grows faster, stronger, and longer, having visibly thicker volume, experiencing noticeably less, shedding thicker lashes and brows? All of this is possible with neutrophil. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people see thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding in just three to six months. With neutrophil thinning hair is different for men and women. So a one size fits all approach to hair growth doesn't cut it. Neutrophil has multiple formulas for men and women that are tailored to different life stages, such as postpartum or menopause and lifestyle factors, such as a plant-based lifestyle. So you could get just what you need in a clinical study, 72% of men saw more scalp coverage after taking neutrophil Men hair growth supplement for six months. And 86% of women saw improved hair growth after taking neutrophil women hair growth supplement for six months, physician formulated with a hundred percent drug-free ingredients. Neutrophil supports healthy hair growth from within by targeting key root causes of thinning, stress hormones, aging, nutrition, lifestyle, and metabolism through whole body health. While many supplements rely solely on ingredient studies, neutrophil clinically tests final formulations to ensure their efficacy yet result, you could run your fingers through For a limited time. Neutrophil is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to neutrophil.com and enter the promo code Midas, find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend neutrophil for healthier hair. That's neutrophil.com, spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com. Promo code Midas, that's Nutrafol dot com promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Let's go links and description of both YouTube and audio. Click the links, use our codes, let them know we send you fabulous products right there, Brett. Excellent, excellent. Read.

3 (52m 37s):
Benji, we're talking behind the scenes here. You remember LAIs now you were just, it was just you were tired or something, right? Really ridiculous. Remember s I mean, I don't remember his name was LAIs, or If you would've told me, I'm gonna, I gotta fact check this, that there was NC, that there was the NBC reporter who be clowned himself by saying that Hulk Hogan gave a great speech. I, that's what would've helped me remember. But here, first, th this is one of the things too, when we were like, okay, like we have to, at, we have to criticize the media for this stuff. Like I, I, I, what el what else am I supposed to do? So Hulk Hogan gives the keynote speech at the Republican national, like the key spot that where you're supposed to put on a speaker who like really speaks to here's, here's what we're gonna do for the country.

3 (53m 24s):
So Hulk Hogan did this at the RNC play, this clip,

14 (53m 27s):
All you low lifes, all you scumbags, all you drug dealers, and all you crooked politicians need to answer one question, brother, what you gonna do when Donald Trump and all the Trump maniacs run wild on you.

3 (53m 45s):
So we all were talking as brothers then. And this is where like the corporate media was all like, biden's the worst human being ever to like, like, like they were like up trump's, you know, defecating, butthole all the time. You know, the media was like loving it. They were like, and, and, And we were all like thinking, we're like, okay, okay guys, guys, they're clearly gonna mention that that was freaking crazy, right? Like, we know that was one of the craziest things objectively we've ever seen. Alright, I'm gonna turn on NBC because, you know, who knows what CNN's gonna say? I, I, let me just try NBC, they'll, they'll give it to me straight direct press play.

3 (54m 29s):
And this is what NBC does. This hurts

18 (54m 31s):
People like Hulk Hogan. Hulk Hogan gave what I would say is probably the best speech at this convention so far. And there have been speeches that have blown the roof off this place. People who love the conservative politics here, who love Maga Hogan came in here. He did something completely different. He also was just entertaining, right? He was funny. He made people laugh. And even If you don't care for the politics here, he might've entertained you. And on top of that,

14 (54m 53s):
Lamas

3 (54m 55s):
I'm mad ever going. So many things he said too. He was like, this is what the conservative audience wanted to hear. That's not conservative. And then he goes, even If you are not into politics, and this gave, okay, but this is a political convention. The, the, this whole thing that you job llamas is you cover politics. Okay? Like, that's your beat. You know, it's like if we were to be covering a baseball game and they started playing soccer and then they were like, well, look, If you didn't like baseball, there was a really great game that was being played. He kicked the baseball really far, scored some goals.

3 (55m 35s):
Different game, okay? What Hulk Hogan was doing there. And that, go back and watch the movie Idiocracy. It's right out of the clip where the guy Idiocracy does not go far enough when you look at what's going on here with that. Here's the stressful thing too. 'cause when you look at the way he even framed All of that, and to your point, when he was like, and for people who don't even care about politics, let me explain something like, do, do you understand what politics is like? Because this is actually about how are we going to improve people's lives? How are we gonna ensure people get healthcare? How are we gonna ensure people get a good education? How are we gonna ensure people are able to pay their next bill? Like, these are actual issues that affect people's lives on a day-to-day basis.

3 (56m 16s):
So when you say, oh, well he sure entertain people, but very conservative. That's not what this is about. This should be a convention where somebody is contrasting themselves with their opponents, that they are giving their ideas on how they're going to improve the lives of Americans. And it's like every single day we have to watch the media do this horse race game where they treat it all like it's a WWE event. So then you have an actual wrestler go on stage and they're like, hell yeah. This is the way, this is how we've been covering it. So perfect. This fits in with our view of what politics is. This is perfect. And so that's why, that's how you get that coverage. The political there, there's this Politico thing every day right now that drives me up the wall where they do, who won, who just for our listeners, it really does drive Brett crazy.

3 (57m 2s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, yeah, you should see my chats. I'm like, honestly not, not pleasant. But Politico does this thing every day. They go, who won the day? And it's like, Trump, 95% of the time. And like Trump could like take a poop on the stage and they'll be like, who won the day? Trump? Did you see that poop? Everyone was talking about that poop. And I'm like, Kamala Harris held a meeting with business leaders. Kamala Harris gave a speech in front of 30,000 people in Houston, Texas. She got endorsed by this person, that person. And they're like, well, Trump got through Trump, Trump. We we're like talking about the poop. And I'm like, I don't understand. Like, what, what, what, what are we doing here? Once again, I, I keep saying it this episode, but what are we doing here, people?

3 (57m 45s):
Okay, I wanna show this clip 'cause this is going viral. There's a whole trend. There's, there's two big viral trends that actually warm my heart because this is also the election where we, the people have also taken back the power. People are aware what the corporate media is doing. So people have been doing things, whether they're creating media companies like the Midas Touch Network to try to fill the void and not only compete with but beat the corporate media, but people are also getting out the message and getting out the truth. And there are these viral trends. One of them is a, it's, it's usually a couple. And you know, first it'll be a, a woman who will say, you know, my boyfriend or husband, she goes, I'm canceling out the vote of my boyfriend or husband.

3 (58m 32s):
And then you swipe and they go, psych, my boyfriend doesn't hate me. You know, my husband doesn't actually hate me. And like this one point of view leaving the polls. And we didn't cancel each other's vote out because I didn't marry a man who hates me. And there's a lot of kind of viral clips of that and a lot of men stepping up because all the corporate media wants to show is the stereotype of, you know, men Trump voters, usually white male Trump voters, you know, who are so in the MAGA movement. So I think it's helpful to see what, you know, not all men hate women. And in fact, a lot of men love women and care about women. And we don't want to vote for someone who literally brags about molesting and sexually assaulting and raping women.

3 (59m 18s):
Like, that's not someone who we support. We're not cool with someone who takes away the women who we love in our lives, or just women in general. Their rights away. We're not okay with that. That's not alpha, that's not freaking cool. That doesn't make you a man to hurt women. The, the quite the opposite. So the, so there's this other one though of young ladies, some Gen Z you know, who are listening to the first time, to Donald Trump's words, where Donald Trump rags about sexually assaulting women. And these viral videos as the girls, the young ladies rather are reacting to, to trump saying this.

3 (59m 60s):
There's usually a text across that says, this is who fathers with daughters are voting for. And I think about that crowd at the Madison Square Garden, and those are the fathers and mothers and and family members, right? Who have women in their life. And this is who they're voting for. Let me show you this trend that's gone viral,

19 (1h 0m 22s):
Moved on her and I failed. I'll admit it. Whoa. I did try and fuck her. She was married. That's huge news. Sarah. Oh no, Nancy, no, this was marriages. And I moved on her very heavily. In fact, I took her out furniture shopping, she wanted to get some furniture. I said, I'll show you where they have some nice furniture. I took her out furniture, I moved in her like a bitch, but I couldn't get there. And she was married and all of a sudden I see her, she's now got the big phony tits and everything. She's totally changed her. Look, I gotta use some TicTacs just in case they start kissing her, you know, I'm automatically attracted to beautiful. I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. I just kidding, I don't even away. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything, whatever you want, grab 'em by the pussy.

19 (1h 1m 4s):
I can do anything. Pull the hell.

3 (1h 1m 6s):
Yeah. I, I played sports. Brett and Jordy have played sports. I've been in locker rooms before. That's not how guys talk in locker rooms. That that's, that's not how the men who I've hung out with my entire life ever talk or speak like that. And for those listening on audio, you have these young ladies listening to it. There's two young ladies in that video and they're hearing him say these words and you can see how sickened they get by that. And then there's text across that. There are fathers with daughters who are voting for that. I mean, we also have the photo when Donald Trump would mock the disabled reporter as well.

3 (1h 1m 46s):
And Donald Trump like mimicked the disabled reporters disability and, and, and just mock the guy. And again, like that's not comedy. That's, that's not funny. That behavior is how we would teach our kids not to behave. And that's the leader of the Republican party. And you take a look at the people who go to these events right now, you take a look at what you're seeing there. And we, were you able to hear me now? Or was that, was that I back in action? You pick it out for a, a quick sec, but you're back now. You take a look at the people. Do we have the back of that pickup? So We can see like, you know, the type of imagery out there that people have of like, for, for those listening on audio, you got the people going to trump events with Trump flags, not American flags.

3 (1h 2m 37s):
Trump's on the flag. And then the back of the pickup is wrapped with a photograph of vice President Kamala Harris being bound and gagged and hogtied as though she's being trapped by a serial killer, getting ready to murder her. That, that, as I look at these images, there I go, this is what the Magna movement has become. This was a story that went viral and JD Vance reposted it. He said, what a patriot. So there was this lady who was at this voting site. Here's the story, went to an early vote today. There's no political merch allowed when you go to these voting sites, and there's a sign that says you can't go with a vote for this person when you vote.

3 (1h 3m 21s):
So a woman comes in wearing all of her Trump MAGA gear and they say, look, you can't wear that. I'm sorry. You know, you wanna turn your shirt and inside out or can you wear something to cover it up? She then this lady wearing the magna stuff goes to one poll worker and calls him a dickhead and then rips her shirt off. So her bras being exposed and she's basically undressed. Then she tells the other poll worker to suck her C word. And this is why she votes Trump. She goes, suck my C word. This is why I'm voting Trump because of you. Now JD Vance sees this story and he reposts it and says about this lady who says, suck my C word, you are a dickhead.

3 (1h 4m 11s):
He goes, what a patriot. That's what JD Van says. What a, this is not a patriotism. This is again, why I don't care. It shouldn't matter what political party you are in these times. This is just wrong. This is, this is being a bad human. This is not a patriotic act. Cursing and saying suck my what? What? That's not okay. That's not acceptable behavior about being an adult. I can't even believe we're in an election where basically what I'm saying to you is there's only one candidate who behaves like an adult. And that's Vice President Kamala Harris. You don't even have on the republican side behavior that is deserving of, of, of, of employment anywhere yet alone, the highest position employment anywhere.

3 (1h 5m 4s):
You would not hire people who acted like Donald Trump and JD Vance like in any one of your jobs. That's not how we behave as human beings. Like again, think about that pitch I'm making. Only one party has candidates behaving like civilized human beings. And that's Kamala Harris and Governor Wolf. We can get into all the policies. I mean we, we we'll talk about policy. Donald Trump and JD Vance wanna get rid of social security. All independent analysis says social security runs out in six years under Donald Trump and JD Vance. So think about where you are right now. If you're getting social security, think about right now. If you paid into the system and you're about to get social security gone, see you later.

3 (1h 5m 46s):
Does that shock you? It shouldn't 'cause Donald Trump's bankrupted everything that he's touched. He's bankrupt. Why wouldn't he bankrupt Social Security with his plans that make no sense? And he goes around, oh, I'm tariff. I'm gonna tariff them 3 million bajillion percent. And you know what? I'm gonna do no taxes. I'm not even gonna have things called taxes anymore. Ha. Well it's okay. Well we know what your actual policies were. We know that you don't even know what a tariff is And we know you're gonna bankrupt. Social security conservative think tanks have said held bankrupt, social security. So if you don't want Social security, go Donald Trump. But we don't even have to like get into the issues 'cause they're not even behaving like civilized human beings. They're posting that a woman who says suck my C word to a poll worker is a patriot.

3 (1h 6m 29s):
That's not a patriot. And you're going out of your way to repost and amplify that behavior. By the way, this is MAGA behavior going on all across the country. You go to Bear County in Texas and you've got this 63-year-old MAGA supporter again. He shows up in his MAGA hat and his Trump baseball cap. And the clerk says, I'm sorry, you can't weigh, you can't wear that here. We didn't, we we, there are rules against this. And the guy punches the poll worker in the face and it's like maga and punches him in the face. And again, that, or hearing stories in Washington and Oregon and elsewhere of, of ballots being burned in, in kind of swing districts and, and in close competitive races.

3 (1h 7m 10s):
And again, MAGA is just enabling all of this behavior, you know, and it, and it's, and it's serious and it deserves our attention. I'll, I'll leave you with this too, because Donald Trump at that hate rally in Madison Square Garden also talked about his secret plan with MAGA Mike Johnson. It's a moment that deserves extra attention because right now what they're saying openly and publicly is they are plotting a coup. And you go, oh, Ben, you're just saying just, just listen to what he's saying and I'll explain what he means, but play this clip. And

7 (1h 7m 42s):
I think with our little secret, we're gonna do really well with the house, right? Our little secret is having a big impact. He and I have a secret, we'll tell you what it is when the race is over. I,

3 (1h 7m 54s):
Okay, he's referring to a contingent elector plot whereby if the Magar Republicans win the House of Representatives, even if Vice President Kamala Harris, which I think she will, will win both the electoral college and I think she'll also win the popular vote. But if they control the house, his little secret plan, it's doesn't 'cause they've said it before. We, we've read Jack Smith's documents. We, we know what they were trying to do on January 6th. This, by the way, I want you to watch fight like hell after this. So you could remember specifically in vivid detail with footage that has never been released before, what went down, I want you to show it to your family members, colleagues, coworkers.

3 (1h 8m 35s):
But we know the plan. He's not that smart. My little secret, my little secret. So one of the reasons he was in New York is because he wants to try to help out the MAGA candidates in New York. And then he wants to try to hopefully win the house and then he's gonna want MAGA Mike to basically declare the house to be shut down. And you'll say, well, MAGA Mike doesn't have the ability to do that. And, and blah blah blah. Like Vice President Kamala Harris will be the one who was in Mike Pence. So she'll go through the task of no matter who wins, she'll certify the results of the election. 'cause she follows what the law is. They're, they have bolstered the law to make any type of issues that were trying to be unlawfully exploited.

3 (1h 9m 19s):
Clear that you can't object the way Trump tried to have all the nagas object last time, but Trump's little secret plan, which is not going to work, let's be clear. What he's doing right now is to basically have MAGA Mike say, oh, there's all this fraud out there. He's then going to cite the betting markets that are being manipulated as evidence that he was supposed to win when he loses, he'll be with all the markets that I was gonna win, even though though are all manipulated crypto from overseas. That's by the way, that's part of the plan in my opinion. And then Maga Mike's gonna say, I, I'm not, if they control the house, if the Democrats win the house on January 3rd, a new Congress comes in.

3 (1h 10m 1s):
So Maga Mike wouldn't even be able to do this if Republicans keep the house. This is what Maga Mike's plans. And you could be like, well, it's unlawful. Okay, well, the Supreme Court's a rogue entity right now that's done everything to violate the law. They don't care that Maga Mike doesn't have the authority to shut down the house. Maga Mike will say, shut it down. I can't do anything. I need to hear what the Supreme Court says. That's ultimately what their game plan is. So it's two-pronged, and it requires them to win the House of Representatives as well then to try to get the Supreme Court to overthrow it. That's their secret plan. Their secret plan is patently unlawful. It, it, it's not what the 12th Amendment says or allows, but I just want you to be queued in that January 6th because of the spinelessness of Kevin McCarthy and Mitch McConnell and all of these Republicans who said the reason they weren't going to convict in the Senate is because they were going to be supportive of criminal action against Donald Trump.

3 (1h 11m 3s):
Well, we've seen them show their true colors and they're out there supporting raw, unadulterated fascism right now. So you go, don't call me names, don't call names, don't try to destroy my democracy. Don't try to destroy we, the people, our democracy. And I won't call you the names that fit the description of who you are and how you are behaving. So I leave you with the closing message of have you voted? Have you told people in your life to vote? Have you done everything that you can do? Have you left it all out there on the field? Have you left it all that, that? 'cause that's all We can do from now until the election being nervous is okay.

3 (1h 11m 45s):
I wanna let you know I feel good about this, but my feels and vibes don't matter. All I know is that from now until the election, every day I am going to put in work. I'm okay. If you have your nervous energy, I'm okay. But this community that you've built is the most powerful. I want you to think about what you're a part of. You are a part of the most powerful political community in the United States and potentially the world that you built. So flex that power. Now, you didn't build this just because you like hearing me. Jordy and Brett make fun of each other from time to time. Okay?

3 (1h 12m 26s):
You built this so you can take action. That's why you built this. And now's the time to share the videos to make sure people in your life are voting, drive people. Do your thing, do your thing right now, and then tell me in the comments what it is that you've done. Have you convinced a Republican to vote for Harris? Have you convinced independents to vote for Harris? Have you, what have you done? I wanna hear in the comments. I wanna remind everybody that in a few moments we are going to be playing fight like hell. So I want you to watch that and you can share that video with people, remind them of what went down on January 6th.

3 (1h 13m 10s):
Remind them that never before seen footage that we're going to be showing. I wanna remind everybody, patreon.com/minus touch is a place that you can go and support the growth of this independent media platform. Next Monday, we will be holding a live meeting for our patrons. That will be the last time we do a meeting before the election. So if you want to come to ask us questions, If you wanna join just for some mutual therapy for each other, join us. We'll be, we'll be announcing the specific time, but there'll be a secret link.

3 (1h 13m 54s):
So you go to patreon.com/ Midas Touch, we'll post that link. Then next Monday, we'll see you at that, at that meeting. And we're not gonna do an after show today. We're just gonna keep promoting that Patreon, just because I think that right now, what's gonna, after the show, we're gonna go out there and continue to do our part to make sure we're getting as many people out there as We can. So, sign up though, we're gonna do that meeting with all of you next week. And I, I wanna try to have a, like a thousand people at that meeting. You know, usually we get a few hundred. I wanna get like a thousand people at that meeting. I wanna, I wanna all be in this together.

3 (1h 14m 36s):
patreon.com/ Midas Touch. Brett, anything else you wanna say before we go? The, the final pep talk? That's, that's gonna be big right there. Yeah, stay positive, stay optimistic. I know there's a lot thrown at you every single day, but, you know, try to take any anxiety that you have, like Ben said, and turn it into action. That's really all you can do. 'cause anxiety often comes from like the things we can't control in life. So redirect that into things that you actually can control, which is getting out the vote, which is speaking to your friends and your family members and, you know, and that's the game, right? That's, that's, that's what's on the line right here. That's what we all have to be doing. So please do that. Please also share all your stories with us. One of the things that I really love is reading our comments and seeing your voting stories, getting kind of your word from on the ground of what the vibes were like at the polls or what your Republican uncle is doing this election cycle.

3 (1h 15m 27s):
You know, there, there's a lot of interesting insights that we've been able to draw, even just from your anecdotal story. So please share all that. Subscribe to the Midas Touch Podcast anywhere you get audio podcasts. We're top 25 in the world right now, I noticed earlier today. That's pretty awesome. Thanks to all of you. And, and, and, yeah, that, that's, that's really it. I'm, I, I I, I, I feel good about this pro-democracy community. So let's let, let's take this home. Everybody, you know, we're, we're all in this together. Jordy, shout out to the, Hey, Midas mighty, love this report.

3 (1h 16m 15s):
Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.

Libsyn Ads (1h 16m 28s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.