
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


As our markets are tanking, as Americans are terrified about what is going to happen with their 4 0 1 Ks and what the economy's going to look like the next day, and Donald Trump's own meme, coin dollar sign, Trump is in the gutter. So is Melania's. What is Donald Trump doing in the White House today? Well, nothing says man. Of the people like bringing a bunch of billionaire crypto bros into the White House to hold a crypto conference. Here's Donald Trump at this crypto conference with the billionaire Bitcoin bros. And he's saying that there were big problems under the former Bitcoin administration.


Was he mean to say the Biden administration here play this clip, Institutional finance under the Bitcoin administration, regulators, strong arm banks. I mean they really did. They strong arm banks into closing the accounts of crypto businesses and entrepreneurs effectively blocking some money transfers to and from exchanges. And Yeah, this was an incredibly odd conference again, as our economy right now is suffering from the effects of Donald Trump's policies, Donald Trump has David Sachs in his crypto czar who talks about how some of the crypto bros there thought that they may be in jail, that they may have been in prison.


But here they are in the White House. Everybody. Yeah, I'm sure this is exactly what's top of your mind right now. Here play this. Clip words Cameron or Tyler, do you Wanna, you're very shy in front of the camera Actually. Cam Cameron, I, I think you said, said something earlier that I thought was really profound. You said that a year ago you thought it would be more likely that you'd end up in jail the, at the White House. Do you? Not to put you on the spot 'cause you didn't do anything wrong, but that was the environment a year ago. But do you, you guys wanna say something? Either one? Sure. That was actually Tyler who said that. But, but sorry, I still, I still get mixed up. And of course, as Donald Trump's tanking your 401k, of course, as the markets each and every day are utterly chaotic, here's Donald Trump talking about whether there should be a FIFA coin.


A FIFA coin. Yeah. Here play this clip. Yeah. And so FIFA is very, very interested under my presidency to develop a FIFA coin to do it from here, from America and to conquer the 5 billion soccer fans in the world. So if there is anyone here who's interested to team up with fifa, here we are, the United States of America and we'll conquer the world of soccer with the FIFA coin. Thank you. Thank You. That coin. That's right. That coin may be worth more than FIFA in the end.


It could be quite a coin actually. Anyway, Thank you. And here's Donald Trump's treasury Secretary Scott Besant at this crypto conference and he's saying, look, we're gonna make everything better with crypto, basically. Don't you worry that we're now hearing about stagflation. That means surging inflation and low GDP. In fact, GDP contraction, I think the federal reserve out of Atlanta expects it to be what? Negative 2.8% GDP in quarter one. The jobs that were created this past month, just through February 15th, did not meet expectations.


The markets are frazzled, but here's what Scott Bessant has to say. Play this clip, David. So the today when President Trump has signed the executive order to establish the strategic Bitcoin reserve and stockpile, we're gonna position the United States as a leader among nations in the digital asset strategy. It's important for the United States to recognize this fact and get ahead of the other nations in the digital age. I, we applaud the president's direction to use the digital assets already in our possession of the nation. And we are going to establish this Bitcoin reserve. We, we use this authority to augment the assets side of the United States balance sheet.


As I've said many times, president Trump is creating assets for the American people. While most past presidents have created debt. And a large part of this asset program can be in digital assets. And again, while Americans are just looking for there to be lower prices, high paying jobs, you know the things that Donald Trump actually promised when he was campaigning here. Donald Trump says, from this day forward, America will follow the Bitcoin rule that all Americans care about, which is never sell your Bitcoin. What are they talking about here? Play this clip.


The federal government is already among the largest holders of Bitcoin, as you know, really one of the largest holders in the world with as many as 200,000 Bitcoin obtained via civil law and various other forms of law and including enforcement actions. These existing holdings will form the foundation of the new reserve. Unfortunately, in recent years, the US government has foolishly sold tens of thousands of additional Bitcoin that were worth billions and billions of dollars. Had they not sold them, but they did sell them mostly during the Biden administration and not a good, not a good thing to have done.


From this day on America will follow the rule that every Bitcoin knows very well. Never sell your Bitcoin. That's a little phrase that they have. I don't know if that's right or not. Who the hell knows, right? Who knows, who knows? But so far it's been right and Well, let's, now I wanna remind you as well about the post that Donald Trump made back on March 2nd, where he talked about a US crypto reserve and he mentioned a lot of crypto coins, X-R-P-S-O-L and a DA, which kind of formed the backing from some of these like shitcoin meme coin things including Trump's.


And it should also be noted that Donald Trump's crypto czar, Dave Sachs surprise surprise, has a major holding of those specific coins that are gonna be in the crypto reserve. Everything, I mean the corruption is so utterly fragrant, flagrant here. Donald Trump talks about how the treasury and commerce departments will also figure out ways to accumulate new Bitcoin. Everybody, 'cause I'm sure that's what you're thinking about over this weekend. That's what you're talking about over the kitchen table. I'll here play this clip. Who knows? Who knows? But so far it's been right and well, let's keep it that way.


The treasury and commerce departments will also explore new pathways to accumulate additional Bitcoin holdings for the reserve. Provided it's done at no cost to the taxpayers. We don't want Any. One more time. Here is Treasury Secretary Scott descent saying that we're going to keep the US the dominant reserve currency in the world and we'll use stable coins to do that here. Play this clip. And we are going to put a lot of thought into the stable coin regime. And as President Trump has directed, we are going to keep the US the dominant reserve currency in the world and we'll use stable coins to do that. Thank


you. Alright. I gotta tell you, I am obsessed with my Ridge wallet. Before this, I was carrying around a bulky, falling apart leather wallet that looked ridiculous in my pocket. It was full of so much crap. Old receipts, useless loyalty cards, and honestly sitting on it was probably why my back hurt. But this Ridge changed the game. Sleek, modern, insanely durable, made from premium materials like aluminum, titanium, and carbon fiber. It holds up to 12 cards plus cash. And the RFID blocking technology gives me peace of mind. Knowing my info is secure. Listen, that tap to pay technology is super cool, but it also opens you up to digital pickpockets. But with Ridge, I don't have to worry about that at all. Oh, and it comes over 50 colors and styles so you could find one that actually fits your vibe. I love this sort of baby blue, sky blue one that I got. And here's the best part, this is the last wallet you will ever need. Why? Because Ridge comes with a lifetime warranty. That's right. Buy it once, use it forever. And right now Ridge is having their once a year anniversary sale. Get up to 40% off at Ridge dot com slash midas. Seriously, this is their biggest sale of the year. Just head to Ridge dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to check it out. And when they ask where you heard about Ridge, please support our show and tell them we sent you


No, before that crypto conference, you had the head of FIFA in the Oval Office and someone from NBC was asking Donald Trump a question. And Donald Trump says, you're NBC. You're not allowed to ask that question. Let's play that clip right there, Mr. President, since you last spoke about it yesterday. Some details have come out about your cabinet meeting with Yon Musk and some clashes mention between Secretary Ruby on secretary, no clash. I was there. You're just a troublemaker. And you're not supposed to be asking that question because we're talking about the World Cup. El gets along great with Marco and they're both doing a fantastic job. There is no clash. Mr. President, who, who were you in NC?


No wonder President nbc. Who has more authority? Yvonne. Secretary. Any other questions about the World Cup? Can we un the I'd love to discuss this is something Now here is Howard Lutnick, Donald Trump's commerce secretary, who would make Kim Jong-Un's propaganda network look well pale in comparison to this. Let's play this clip. And here Today shows how much a leader the Trump administration and our president is. He understands it. He embraces it. As you said, you're a pioneer in this place. And this is where we're going.


We're using the blockchain. We are using Bitcoin. We are going to use digital assets to pound forward. And Donald Trump is leading the way. Can't be more proud of you today. Thank You very much. Thank you Howard. Here's MAGA Republican Congress member Tom Erez. Aaron Ruper says, taking his turn in the Trump Kiss My Ass Club again, just so embarrassing watching this here. Play this clip. Well, Mr. President, I wanna say thank you. I wanna thank you for the amazing team that you put together. I want to thank you for David. I mean this, this kind of a meeting. No one in this room could have envisioned this just a couple years ago. You are the one that has the vision.


You're the one that did said we are going to do 21st century finance right here in the United States of America. I've been doing this for nine years. It is amazing how far we've come. And that's a credit to you, Mr. President and your leadership. And God bless you for doing this 'cause it's gonna make a huge difference with everything else you're doing. And by the way, Americans love it. They're going crazy. Thank you sir. Thank You Tom. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Donald Trump then says, thank you media. And then he gestures to exit here. Watch this. You very much.


Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you Media. Thank you. Please. Trump is asked about competing against Canada and Mexico at the World Cup. And Trump says that tension is a good thing here, play this clip. Do you think he needs to be reigned in Mr. President Enough? It's FIFA Question. How, how do you see the, how do you see the World Cup playing out with the, the, the, you know, the tensions you have with Canada and Mexico, who also I think should Make it more exciting. Tensions a good thing Even for the workup. Yeah, I think so.


I think it makes it much more exciting, Sir. The entire committee is here for FIFA with John. Well all of this is going on as well. Federal chairman, Jerome Powell has said that inflation expectations are now rising, driven by tariffs and Trump's policies, young voters. Which I, I suppose is, is that what this crypto conference is meant to appeal to? Trump's approval with 18 to 34 year olds is tanking quick, close to 70% of 18 to 34 year olds no longer support Donald Trump. And I think they're seeing the flagrant corruption as well, right?


While Trump's own meme, coin dollar sign, Trump and the dollar sign, Melania, which red Melania is failing, the Trump still made $350 million from their failing meme coin. Good for them. They're the ones getting rich in the Trump economy. While the rest of Americans are getting screwed, the billionaires are doing well, the rest of Americans are getting screwed. But If you wanna know what Trump's treasury secretary again, Scott Besson says is that this is all gonna be good for us. The pain, the suffering, Trump getting rich off of mean coins. This is called detoxing and we're all detoxing right now.


So we should all just feel great about ourselves. Here's what he says. Play this clip. We're trying to get rates down and you know, could we be seeing that the, this economy that we inherited starting to roll a bit? Sure. And look, there's going to be a natural adjustment as we move away from public spending to private spending. The, the market and the economy have just become hooked and we become addicted to this government spending. And there's gonna be a detox period. There's gonna be a detox period. Yeah, I think I know. Just so utterly pathetic. Anyway, let me know what you think about that Bitcoin conference. 'cause I'm sure the optics of having a Bitcoin conference while economists are predicting recession, great recession or even potentially worse, that's what Americans wanna see heading into the weekend.


So at Despicable hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you all so much for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.