
Oh, could I go to the, If you are thirsting for, no, we aren't there yet. Kids won't stop crying. We brought snacks but they wanted other snacks. Stop pulling each other's hair. And we made it 14 minutes with no screams level refreshment. We definitely have that Swing by Circle K and get a Polar pop for just 79 cents. Only for inner circle members. When you're feeling the heat Circle K makes your day.


At Chipotle, we also have a playlist guacamole as it's being hand matched. The sizzle of Adobo chicken on the grill, the chopping of onions and cilantro. We call our playlist Real order now Chipotle for real.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon's Blink Video Doorbell. Get more at your door with the easy to install Blink video doorbell. Get more connections. Hey, I'm here for our first date, More deliveries. Hi, I have tacos for two. Oh, thanks. We'll be right down. And more memories Babe. Come down. I have a surprise. All new Blink video doorbell with two year battery. Head to toe, HD view and simple setup. Shop now at amazon.com/blink for just 69 point 99.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want Progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills and case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel. See progressive's other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com Today. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. PET injury is an additional coverage and subject to policy terms.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER


Tanks and Howitzers and other military equipment is rolling into Washington DC as Donald Trump prepares for his dictator parade on June 14th, the day of his birthday, a Kim Jung UN style parade will be taking place. You see here the images. You're not looking at North Korea or Russia. You're looking at the United States of America. And this follows Donald Trump Federalizing the National Guard for the first time. This has happened since 1965 without a governor's approval. The last time this happened, 1965, president Lyndon b Johnson sent forces to Alabama to guard civil rights demonstrators.


This time Donald Trump sent the National Guard to go after people in the United States after Donald Trump escalated a situation by having ice raids attacked hardworking Latino communities in California. It should be noted as well that although Donald Trump says Great job by the National Guard stopping everything, and I'll read you what Trump said in a moment. The National Guard had not even arrived at that time. And so shout out to California Governor Gavin Newsom, who understands Donald Trump's fraud and scams and Newsom called him out right away.


So here's what Trump posted, and then let me tell you what Newsom said in response. So at 11:41 PM Really 2:00 AM in the morning, Donald Trump wrote a great job by the National Guard in Los Angeles. After two days of violence clashes and unrest, we have an incompetent governor, new scum and Mayor Bass who were as usual just look at how they handle the fires. And now they're very slow permitting disaster. Federal permitting is complete, unable to handle the task. He's not even speaking in sentences. Donald Trump, these radical left protests by instigators and often paid troublemakers will not be tolerated.


Also, from now on, masks will not be allowed to be worn at protests. What do these people have to hide and why? Again, thank you to the National Guard for a job well done. Exclamation point. So Donald Trump the dictator saying that if you wear a mask to a protest, you will be violating the law and the National Guard or potentially the Marines because defense secretary Pete Sup has said he's activated the Marines to go after American citizen on his order. You'll be attacked if you wear a mask. Meanwhile, the ice officers and the DHS officers and a TF are all wearing masks to shield their identity.


Also, Donald Trump, the insurrectionist himself who attacked police officers led an insurrection that led to police officers being killed on January 6th. Did not activate the National Guard that day, but it was pretty easy for him to activate the National Guard and now the Marines as well potentially to attack American citizens. Democratic Senator Chris Murphy puts it aptly. It's important to remember that Trump isn't trying to heal or keep the peace he's looking to inflame and divide. His movement doesn't believe in democracy or protest. And if they get a chance to end the rule of law, they will take it.


None of this is on the level. And as I've been saying, Donald Trump has been targeting not criminals, not gang bangers, not the bad guys. He's been targeting the hardworking Latino community in California and elsewhere. Also in Florida, we're seeing this, we're se we're seeing it in Massachusetts through Texas, throughout the country, every single state. And what the regime is doing is they're sending their ice agents a TF agents and they're also trying to work with law, local law enforcement who should not be working with them, hiding in the bushes, at courtrooms and at courthouses and waiting in the hallways in courtrooms.


So as people are going through their lawful process, they're immediately detained, thrown in detention centers, ripped away from their family raids on Home Depot, raids at at factories and and farms where people are, where Latinos are working and contributing to our economy, most of whom are paying taxes, who are integral to our economy, who are members of, of this community. Peace loving, hardworking people. That is who the Trump regime is going after. And it's absolutely disgusting and I am glad that Gavin Newsom called Donald Trump out for it. And as this fascist propaganda parade continues, you have Donald Trump last night at a UFC fight.


I mean, I just want you to look at the absurdity of this clown show that is the United States of America. Take a look at Trump right here, putting on UFC belts. You know, it is all cosplay fascism to a T. This is his safe space going into a UFC fight where we, the people are fed up and sick and tired of this tyrannical, authoritarian crap. Let's be very, very clear with our language. We're not in a constitutional crisis. We are past that. The United States of America, June 8th, 2025 is an authoritarian regime led by an Idiocracy. The Trump regime, the United States of America is no longer the hegemonic leading power in the world.


No way Trump has weakened the United States to a frail, weak, pathetic thing. Like, like Bedminster or like Mar-a-Lago, which may look a little bit pretty from the outside, but when you look inside, it has mold and it's gross and it can't even pass a freaking health inspection like Bedminster couldn't, which got what? A 32 out of 100 in the local health inspection. Literally the worst score you can possibly get. And yes, I do use the language authoritarian regime 'cause this is authoritarian things that happen. The Trump regime reached out to A, B, C and Disney after one of ABC's reporters.


Terry Moran criticized Donald Trump and Stephen Miller for what they did. And Moran got suspended by a, B, C and its parent company, Disney, A BC News says Senior national correspondent Terry Moran has been suspended pending, further evaluation. This since deleted tweet is the reason for the suspension. So if you're a reporter and you say truthful things that you're critical of the regime, you get fired right now by the American oligarchy. That's what happens. We're, we're a fascist state. We're a fascist country in America. That's what it is. We're fighting here at the Midas Touch Network from within. That's what's going on. Moran wrote, the thing about Stephen Miller is not that he is the brains behind Trumpism.


Yes, he's one of the people who conceptualizes the impulses of the Trumpist movement and translates them into policy. But that's not what's interesting about Miller. It's not brains, it's bile. Miller is a man who is richly endowed with the capacity for hatred. He's a world class hater. You can see this just by looking at him because you can see that his hatreds are his spiritual nourishment. He eats his hate. Trump is a world class hater, but his hatred only is only a means to an end. And that end is his own glorification. This is his spiritual nourishment posting that now gets you basically suspended or fired from your job in the United States of America.


That is absolutely pathetic and that is why we need more independent media. You know, one of the things that I also like to see as well is what the right wing is. Like what their media diet is like. Like what they are looking at. You know, it was notable for example, that, you know, I made this post, which I thought was a pretty, you know, basic post where I just said, you know, hey, the United States of, you know, the United States of America should not be attacking these hardworking Latino communities. And all these right wing influencers started posting at me and saying, you know that, how dare they, they're all unlawful. These are horrible people. Get rid of them. And I'm like, didn't you all say that you were just gonna go after the criminals?


Now you're revealing your true color. It's, it's important to know what they're saying on the right wing media. Like take a look at this article. Army says, Trump's military parade could cause $16 million in damage to Washington streets. By the way, I think it's gonna be 10 x that I don't think this military dictator parade is gonna be $45 million. Look, you have 7,000 soldiers, 130 vehicles, 50 helicopters, and you're telling me that's only gonna cost $50 million or $45 million. No way. They are understating that. I think it's gonna be like $500 million with the cost of 7,000 moving 7,000 soldiers, 50 helicopters and 130 vehicles.


I don't buy the $45 million number. I don't buy the number that it's gonna cause only 16 million in damage. I think it's gonna cause hundreds of millions of damage. But there's zero right wing coverage at all on the cost. And the left wing coverage, the quote unquote left wing are these low ball numbers as well.


The research tool that I use to find all this stuff out, just so you know, was called ground news. I think it's essential nowadays to see through any double standards in the current media ecosphere. If you go to ground news slash MTN or scan the QR code right there, we're giving our viewers 40% off ground News's top tier vantage plan, which will get you unlimited access to everything I've been talking about. Ground news is subscriber funded, so they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias. Subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep the media transparent. One more time, go to ground news slash mtn and we're giving our viewers that F 40% off that ground near that ground news top tier vantage plan, 40% off.


Alright, back to my reporting as well. I wanna share this with you. This is what Caroline Levitt said about the suspension of Terry Moran. How the Trump regime reached out right away to to A, B, C and Disney and said, you need to do something about this guy. And a BC said it would here play this clip. Last night in a since deleted post so-called journalist Terry Moran went on a rampage against Steven Miller. What happened, Caroline? Well, a BC is going to have to answer for what their, again, so-called journalist put out on Twitter in the wee hours of the night calling Stephen Miller vile.


They said that President Trump is a world-class hater. And this is again, coming from someone who is supposed to be an unbiased and professional journalist. This is unacceptable and unhinged rhetoric coming from someone who works at a major television network. We have reached out to A, B, C, they have said they will be taking action. So we will see what they do. But I think this, I wanna show you what MAGA Mike Johnson said moments ago where MAGA, Mike Johnson was asked, are you okay with Marines being on the streets of LA and cities going after citizens? Because Pete Hesset, the defense secretary, put out a statement saying the following, the Department of Defenses mobilizing the National Guard immediately, if violence continues active duty marines at Camp Pendleton will also be mobilized.


They are on high alert. Here's what Mag Mike Johnson said, play this clip. Secretary Hegseth said that that active duty Marines, they're at Camp Pendleton, thereby San Diego are on high alert and could be mobilized. Could we really see active duty Marines on the streets of Los Angeles? You know, one of our core principles is maintaining, maintaining peace through strength. We do that on, on foreign affairs and domestic affairs as well. I I don't think that's heavy handed. I think that's an important signal. You don't signal The Marines into the streets of an American city is, is heavy handed. We Had to be prepared to do what is necessary. And I think the, the notice that that might happen might have the deterrent effect. Okay. Now Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski responds one of our core principles that he's a veteran.


He goes, one of our core principles is to not deploy the Marines domestically to carry out law enforcement functions. They are entrained for that and aren't there for that since the founding of the Republic. But this tote will never go against Trump on anything. Just moving briefly over to the issue of the attacks on the business community and uncertainty and trade. Here you have on Face the nation, you have Kevin Hassett, Donald Trump's Chief National Economic Council advisor, and you have the host basically saying, so you know, what's, what's going on with these tariffs? I mean, are, aren't we trying to negotiate down the tariffs?


And Hassett is like, no, the tariffs are always gonna be here, play this clip. You are saying tariffs are staying put that this is a source we're Negotiating reciprocal. You've seen deals. You've seen deals. Yes, exactly where they are. We're working it out and we're opening up markets. Yeah, but so that deals, This is, this is where I'm stuck because deals is about negotiating down the tariffs. So that's a diminishing source of revenue over time. But are you saying that there will be blanket tariffs of Last year? What percent? Last year before we got here, we were raising 80 billion a year in tariffs. Right now, the CBO projects that we're gonna get 2.8 trillion over the next 10 years, exactly where the number ends up is gonna depend on how much foreign countries open up their markets to our products and how much, how well they treat our farmers.


So you don't know how much revenue you're gonna have, but revenue revenue was 80 billion last year. Revenue tariff revenue's not going away. That's what I'm saying. But we but we don't know what the tariffs are going to be. So We're negotiating them on a country by country basis. Exactly. We've got a whole bunch of trade deals. We've got a trade deal with the UK that's already, you can see what the trade deal with the UK is now. Right? So it's a fluctuating number. It's not, it, it's not a constant. But, but, And also this Trump regime lackey is asked, so can you give the business community some certainty? And he goes, well, the one thing you can be certain about is there's gonna be tariffs here. Play this clip, the Federal Reserve who said the rules are really unclear and business leaders need certainty. When will they get that certainty from the administration?


Right? Well, you can be certain that there's gonna be some tariffs and the stuff that folks have been saying that's gonna happen to tariffs is inconsistent with, with what you and I have talked about before, Margaret. So, so what's going on right, is that we've had a trade deficit with China forever and ever because they just wanna sell stuff here. So they create jobs in China and help, you know, control their governments so people are unemployed that it's harder for a dictatorship to run. And, and so the point is just that, that if we put a tar on them, then they're gonna bear the tariff Mag. Mike Johnson is asked about why does This budget bill have, you know, benefits for like tanning beds? Why are you screwing over the American people? But y'all are very upset about what's happening with tanning beds.


And he is like, yeah, we are. He tries to blame it on Biden. And then the host is like, it was not Biden. It goes back to 2010. And they're like, yeah, but Biden enhanced it. Maga Mike's just a liar about everything. Play this clip believable. Right, too. What What about tanning beds? It eliminates a 10% tax on tanning beds. I mean, how did, how did that become a priority For Well, I that look, I, I think that was an unfair thing that the Biden administration put on an industry because they decided It was actually, it goes back to 2010. It's been around for 15 years. Yes, but the Biden administration enhanced it and I, I I, there being modifications probably that to that in the final package as well. But, but we'll see how it comes out. Okay. Then he's asked about the provision on gun silencers here at play. This clip One, there is a provision that eliminates attacks on gun silencers.


Now this is a tax that has been on the books for about a hundred years. What, why, why are you suddenly cutting attacks on silencers? Well, there was a, there's a lot of thought and deliberation that went into that as well. The Second Amendment is a critical freedom in the Constitution, and there's no real rationale for silent, for adding taxes on, on, on these pieces of equipment. And we had the votes to do it. I think it was a long time overdue. I think we have to protect the fundamental freedoms of the American people. And there's, there's no rationale. The government should not be making money on something that you have a fundamental inalienable right to what, What about, at the end of the day, we just want healthcare for people. Just want people to have education.


We just want people to be able to afford homes. We just want people to be able to get paid with dignity for the work that they're doing. People shouldn't face the psychological torture of living paycheck to paycheck and having to decide, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to eat today or can I pay for my kids food or can I pay for rent? These, we shouldn't have to deal with those types of decisions in the United States of America. But we're living in a fascist authoritarian state right now in the United States led by these oligarchs who hate, who hate the middle class. They hate regular people. They hate working class, they hate Americans.


These oligarchs wanna rip and steal and they are thirsty for violence against the American people. There's no other way to put it. Like I'm showing you what it is. Call it out, what it is. And I think this also shows the importance of independent media right now more than ever. We're just saying it, we're saying the truth. We're saying what our observations are. You can't look at what's taken place as you activate the National Guard and potentially the Marines against the people and do all the, all the evidence I just showed you and say, that's not authoritarianism. That the hell, yeah, that's authoritarianism. And we, the people shouldn't take it. We shouldn't tolerate it. We shouldn't normalize it.


We're gonna keep on fighting for you at the Midas Touch Network. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Job midas touch.com.