
Our editorial team very quickly exposed Donald Trump's McDonald's stunt in Pennsylvania where he was trying to, I guess, troll Vice President Kamala Harris by working the fry machine because he's obsessed with the fact that she once worked at McDonald's and he claims that she's lying because she didn't put it on her law resume when she was a lawyer. Now what we uncovered was that this specific McDonald's was actually closed for the day that Donald Trump and his team made rehearsals with respect to the PR stunt. It was shut down the McDonald's, they did rehearsals before it took place. They brought in all of their MAGA supporters to pretend that they were actual customers at this McDonald's, which was closed down.


We also identified that this specific McDonald's is actually owned by a franchise owner who has fought against raising the minimum wage to a living wage and the franchise owners McDonald's have been subject to many protests for people regarding their work conditions. Let's break it all down, but I wanna remind you that we here at the Midas Touch Network have been exposing one after another. All of Donald Trump's stunts because when Donald Trump goes to a union shop in Michigan, it turns out that it is a non-union shop. The ultimate scab move. Donald Trump pays off non-union workers and a non-union shop $20,000 to pretend that the shop is actually a union shop.


And then he gives people t-shirts that say union workers for Trump, who are non-union workers. When Donald Trump was recently in Scranton, Pennsylvania, he had people dress up as Scranton firefighters. These people were not firefighters and their signs said firefighters for Trump. The local union had to say, these people are not firefighters. We don't know who they are. Recently, for example, JD Vance gave a speech in front of a group of people who said Auto workers for Trump. Guess what? They were not auto workers. The Detroit News, good local news, questioned these individuals. Turns out they're not auto workers. Donald Trump goes to Detroit in front of a So-called black church, but it's actually a church embroiled in litigation where the congregants sued the pastor and Donald Trump brought in all of his white MAGA supporters to fill it, not actual black congregants.


And Donald Trump said, look, I'm speaking outta black church. Donald Trump said he was doing an event in Harlem and at Bodega and he said, look at all the support I have in Harlem. It turns out we identified at the Midas Touch Network that a lot of the people who were there and cheering for him were actually part of the young Republicans. And you could see them in the photo before and see them in the crowd. They were the ones chanting and this kind of manufactured event recently, Fox did a So-called Town I. I could name like literally hundreds of these 'cause they happen every day. I'm gonna get to the McDonald's, but it's important that you know each of these scams, right? Recently Donald Trump did a town hall in Georgia that was billed as like all of these, like just regular average Georgia women who are undecided about voting.


Turns out that they were actually from the Republican Federation of Georgia, an extreme right MAGA Group. Fox edited out when they said, oh, we support Donald Trump. Their Facebook page said that they were organizing this event with Fox. When they were called out, they changed the Facebook page to actually say that they were just attending the event. But Fox would edit out when they would go, oh, long time Trump supporters here. All right, that brings us to the McDonald's event. Let's go through what our editorial team uncovered. Of course, you've seen the photos of Donald Trump at the McDonald's. Where is his hair net? He probably should be laying off the fries. Coincidence what's with fast food places and sex offenders. But our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski then posted this.


So the place wasn't even open. It was all staged and fake. He didn't work for real at a McDonald's. It was a stage fraud. Just like every other event, take a look at the company that the franchise owners DG Torresdale LLC. The owner is someone by the name of Derek Gia Kaino. We plan to be closed on Sunday, October 20th until 4:00 PM to accommodate a visit at the request of former President Trump and his campaign. While we are not a political organization, we proudly open our doors to everyone. And as a locally owned and operated location, this visit provides a unique opportunity to shine a light on the positive impact on small businesses.


Here in Pennsylvania, we're equally honored to share the significance of what one in eight Americans have experienced that a job at McDonald's is more than just a job. It's a pathway to critical skill development and meaningful career opportunities. Having started my McDonald's journey as a crew member in New York nearly 30 years ago, this path to economic opportunity is especially meaningful to me. What it doesn't say there, of course, is that the minimum wage has actually not been raised since probably he started over 30 years ago. I apologize for the inconvenience of closing our restaurant, and sincerely look forward to serving you very soon. Signed Derek Gica, Antonio. So it was actually closed for the day here.


The, the media is just, you know, showing it, but then they don't actually do it in their reports. Cars rehearsing ahead of Donald Trump, who's expected to be serving his supporters McDonald's food. So let me get this right. Reporters and people are saying what's happening, but that doesn't make its way into the reports. They're doing rehearsals like this is a Broadway play with his supporters so that they can act surprised that he's there when the McDonald's is closed. Let's talk about this specific franchise owner and this McDonald's, shall we? Because I think it's an important conversation that needs to be had, especially because when Donald Trump was asked during the staged event by a reporter, if he thinks the minimum wage should be raised, Donald Trump has repeatedly opposed efforts to raise the minimum wage.


Here's what Donald Trump says at this stunt play it minimum wage Should be raised. Well, I think this, I think these people work hard. They're great and I just saw something, a process. It's beautiful. It's a beautiful thing to see. These are great franchises and produce a lot of jobs and it's great. And great people work in here too. Minimum wage have recently increased. So yes ma'am,


The best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store, it's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the MOK movement. Today. Mok delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door. Mok farmers farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Mok meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the mok difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, mok gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breasts, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Mok is helping save rural America. Join the mok movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Mo's Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Siminoff, jumped at the chance to invest in mok Plus. They guarantee you'll say Oink. Oink. I'm just so happy I got Moked. I know I do and you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink Box dot com slash midas. Touch right now and listeners of our show, get free hot rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's Moink Box dot com slash midas. Touch one more time. Moink Box dot com slash midas touch.


So now let's take a look at this specific McDonald's because the owner who I just showed you who posted that sign about how it's closed, he's been on the front lines of opposing raising the minimum wage to a living wage. Here was a change.org petition from 2019, call the owner of McDonald's to raise the wages and it goes on to talk about that specific owner. And then here were people protesting in front of that. Franchise owner's McDonald's. You see them right there. And here was the press release that came out December 19th, 2019. Whom who was in office December 19th, 2019 Donald Trump. What was Donald Trump's policies then for all the workers who were watching this Donald Trump opposed raising the minimum wage to a living wage despite promising 'cause.


He always lies. In his 2016 campaign. He said that he supported raising the minimum wage when he was in office. He was against it. Similarly, you know how Donald Trump to all my Nevada voters out there, you know how Donald Trump's thing was? No tax on tips, no tax on tips. Do you know what, what Donald Trump's policy was when he was in office, right as Former President? Barack Obama says, let's not have amnesia here. Donald Trump was in office and he has a record. Well, let me tell you, Donald Trump's policy, his position, and here's what his position would be again, was that the business owners should steal the tips of their workers. Donald Trump believes that the tips go to the business owners. The business owners lay claim to the tips themselves.


So if you're a service worker, you know why you're not gonna be taxed on tips? 'cause your tips aren't yours. They go to the business owner, then the business owner gets to claim the tips, your tips as tax free. And then they have another loophole. To get richer. That was Donald Trump's policies. Do you know how that policy was blocked in an omnibus bill? Democrats blocked the rule that Donald Trump posts to steal your tips. That's actually what happened. And I know corporate media doesn't want to actually give you all of the facts and give you the context when Donald Trump spews his lives or does these stunts. But that's what happened. Do the research for yourself. Here was the press release by Senator Haywood, a state senator in Pennsylvania about this specific owner of the McDonald's where Donald Trump did his stunt at this fraudulent stunt at Go State.


Senator Harwood did this event outside McDonald's. This was an effort. To get owner Derek Gia comment, Antonio to raise the wage of his employees to $15 an hour. We're sending a message this season, said Senator Haywood. Hopefully our songs will heal Derek G's heart and allow him to pay his employees a living wage with the joy of the holiday season. We are singing with love and compassion for a fair and living wage for all. In January. Senator Haywood hosted a power to raise the wage event right here. So this specific location and this specific owner shares Donald Trump's views that the minimum wage should not be raised to a living wage, unlike Vice President Kamala Harris who believes in a living wage.


Now let me talk to you and you may go, well look, but McDonald's is struggling. You know, this is expensive for business owners. Let's talk about that. How much money do you think the CEO of McDonald's made this past year? If you guessed $20 million, You would be correct. He probably made slightly more than $20 million. What about, say the CFO, the Chief financial officer of McDonald's, Kevin Oin, how much money did he make? Oh, $10 million. What about the international head? One of the presidents of one of the McDonald's subsidiaries, 8.3 million. Another McDonald's executive, Joe Erlinger, $7.45 million.


Chris Kaminski, who's the CEO, made $20 million in, that was in 2021 and now he's making about the same, if not more in 2024. So that's how much money he's made. Now you know how people, you know were one of the big issues. Everybody's talking about inflation, inflation, inflation and and rightfully so. But one of the main issues here is actually corporations raising their prices and then blaming it on inflation to try to undermine the current administration. That's one of the things that's happening. Fortunately in America, inflation has dropped because of the inflation reduction Act and policies by this administration.


That doesn't mean that e everything is great, but just take a look at this and I want, this is from market wire.com and I want you to see how they handle this and how they report on it. 'cause it's screwed up. That goes McDonald's profit. This was April 25th, 2023, right? So since that time, inflation has come down significantly. But that was kind of even towards the height of everything. McDonald's profit climbs 63% as consumers absorb higher prices. That's how the elites are talking about you and me as consumers absorb the higher prices. In other words, what they're saying is that they've come up with their own scam the way Trump does his scam.


These business owners, their scam is because everyone's worried about inflation and now they're going to be blaming everything on just this mystical inflation will be willing to absorb higher prices when it's really them now making record profits climbing 63%. by the way, I think they should make, I'm great with businesses making profit. I'm an ulti, I'm a capitalist. I think they should make a lot of money. But ultimately we should be treated with respect. You should be treated with respect. And where is this coming from? Where is this oligarchical policy coming from? Open your eyes people. It's coming from Trump and the MAs. And when Trump goes to Mar-a-Lago and he says, I'm rich as hell and you are rich as hell and I'm gonna make you so freaking rich.


And I'm all you rich people out there, I'm gonna help you. He's saying to us, we the people screw you. And then he does these little stunts and the media goes along with it and he thinks that we're just so stupid that we're just gonna go, oh my God, he's one of us. He's one of us. No, he's the one who screws you. That's what he is. And this is all part of the raw, the long running con. Here he is at Mar-a-Lago saying, oh, we're all rich people. This is what rich people do. Play this clip. 'cause You are all people that have a lot of money. I know 20 of you and you're rich as hell. We're gonna give you tax cuts. We're gonna pay off our debt. We're gonna do all of the things that we have.


Back to McDonald's for a second. Take a look at this McDonald's gross profit profit for the profit not revenue profit For the 12 months ending June 30th, 2024 was $14.64 billion, a 5.5600000000000005% increase year over year. McDonald's annual gross profit. 2023 was 14.5 billion. A 10.26% increase. McDonald's annual gross profit for 2022 was 13.2 billion. A McDonald's annual gross profit for 2021 was 12.58 billion. And if I were to show you, it's not, I'm showing you McDonald's.


I could show you lots of other businesses like this. Thousands, hundreds of thousands potentially, or at least tens of thousands. I'm showing you this 'cause Donald Trump did the stunt at McDonald's. But the point I am making is they're making record record profits. And then they're out there basically blaming, you know, oh well the, the economy's not good. You are making a ton of money and then you're making, we absorb all of this. And then Donald Trump does the all one two step and goes, well look, I'm here at McDonald's, everybody. Look how, look what I'm doing for all of you. So that's why I think it's important that we just delve deeper because Donald Trump did the stunt there. And when you do a stunt there, I'm going to show the Midas mighty specifically what is going on.


Now, one of the other stunts that Donald Trump did, I forgot to mention at the beginning, but it's related to McDonald's going into fast food places and using the fast food places to fast food places to try to act like he's a man of the people or that he's got certain support that he doesn't. So do you remember when he did the Chick-fil-A stunt? We exposed it here on the Midas Touch Network. It was our editorial team who broke that story too. There's a woman named Mikayla Montgomery. She's a black woman who goes event to event with Trump, gives him a hug. And Donald Trump's like, look, I have black support. Michaela Montgomery gives me a hug. And they try to do it in a way to make it seem like a woman, a black woman is spontaneously hugging him.


But again, a plant. Here's a handy dandy chart we've made of Miguel Montgomery traveling spot to spot to spot with Donald Trump at the Palm Beach event, at the Black Church event at the Chick-fil-A event person to person to person. So the media could say, look, he must have support from black women at fast food restaurants. Chick-fil-A. So that's what's going on. We have exposed it at every level. And now I have two asks for you. The first one is simple. If you've liked this report, well three asks. The first one, subscribe right now to our YouTube channel. That's the first thing you could do. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers.


You may think you're subscribed but you may not be. So just check, am I subscribed? Do I have my notifications on check? Second, make sure you're registered to vote an early vote. When you early vote, your name gets removed from the get out, the vote rolls. And that allows the party to identify lower propensity voters. So vote early third, especially if you're in Nevada. Nevada returns for Democrats are coming in slow right now. So if you're in Nevada, please get out the message. Call people that you know in Nevada volunteer to do work in Nevada. Things are slow in Nevada, they're good in other states, but I I don't want to paint a rosy picture where it's in Nevada.


There's issues. So if you can inspire people to make sure they're early voting, share these videos so they know it's possible. Someone in Nevada's like, yeah, but I don't want to be taxed on tips. So no, let me be very clear. Donald Trump's policy is you don't get your tips that your own. The business owners get the tips. And then you can have someone in Nevada do their research in Google. Did Donald Trump say that business owners can take the tips? And did Democrats block that? Whoa. Whoa. Why are they lying to me? 'cause they lied to you about everything. That's what billionaires and deca millionaires who want to control you do. They're trying to trick you. So you get it. Get out the message, you know what to do. I need, this is where I need you to be more.


And I know you are than just a passive viewer. When this video ends, go work. Do something. Help out, right? We're in the final crunch right now. Register voters, join phone log banks, do whatever we need. We need To. get out the message, okay? And let me know what you're doing in the comments. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.