
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


The Arab world and Arab leaders are strongly condemning Donald Trump's repeated news conferences, press conferences, statements stating that he wants to conquer Gaza, that he wants to just take it, that he wants to just take all of the Palestinian people and move them to Jordan and Egypt. Egypt and Jordan by the way, say, no, we don't agree to that. We're not having that happen. The only thing that we're agreeable to is a two-state solution. Donald Trump, by the way, was talking about conquering Gaza in the Oval Office with King Abdullah of Jordan yesterday.


And you can see how visibly uncomfortable King Abdullah was. Let's rewind though, shall we? And let's take a look first at the origin of where these plans were hatched. You'll remember it from and recall from our coverage here on the Midas Touch Network that we were trying to warn everybody, and it shouldn't have been just us, but when Israel's prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu took that trip to Mar-a-Lago multiple times, but during the campaign July 26th, 2024, what? Go back and look at, we were, what we were saying, we're saying clearly what they're doing there is trying to stop the ceasefire that former President Biden was trying to negotiate the same way Donald Trump killed the border bill and said that it was a winning issue for him to have chaos at the border.


And he didn't want to hand former President Biden a win on the border. Donald Trump kills things that would, he believes would be helpful to political opponents, even if it benefits we, the people, why Donald Trump and Elon Musk said it. They want us to suffer. Those are their exact words that the people need to suffer to be patriotic and support Donald Trump and Elon Musk. So let me show you this. Look, Margot Martin's, Donald Trump's top advisor, one of his top advisors, July 26th, 2024, he's hatching the plan there with Netanyahu and they're talking crap about Kamala Harris. But what they're doing in private is they're coming up with their plan at that time to stop the ceasefire from happening in my view, and to have Donald Trump lay the foundation to take over Gaza Here, play this clip.


No, I have no remarks. She's a radical left person. San Francisco destroyed to San Francisco. She's really a destroyer. She has an abil and I think her Mark remarks were disrespectful. They weren't very nice pertaining to Israel. I actually don't know how a person who's Jewish can vote for her, but that's up to them. But she was certainly disrespectful to Israel, in my opinion. Now, If you could rewind this even more than that, you'll remember our coverage here in the Midas Touch Network about Jared Kushner saying that what he wanted to do was turn Gaza into real estate property.


He wanted to see it basically leveled and rebuilt and the Palestinians moved out. This was years ago, Kushner was saying this and we were saying, everybody, hello? Are you hearing what they're saying here? Play this clip In Gaza's waterfront property. It could be very valuable to, if people would focus on kind of building up, you know, livelihoods, you think about all the money that's gone into this tunnel network and into all the munitions. If that would've gone into education or innovation, what could have been done. And so I think that it's a little bit of an unfortunate situation there, but I think from Israel's perspective, I would do my best to move the people out and then clean it up. But I, I don't think that Israel has stated that they don't want the people to move back there afterward.


Thing that, that I would try to do if I was Israel right now is I would just bulldoze something in the negative. I would try to move people in there. I know that won't be the popular thing to do, but I think that that's a better option to do so you can go in and finish the job. Alright, I thought it was important to refresh your recollection with those two clips that predate the election. Okay. It's why it shocked me that there would be Muslims for Trump or Palestinians for Trump That, and for a variety of other reasons, I dunno, how about a Muslim ban? And how about the fact that in contrast to what Trump was saying, vice President Kamala Harris wanted a two-state solution. She wanted aid to flow into Gaza. Anyway, I digress. Here's Jordanian deputy prime Minister on CNN and here he's very firm.


No, you don't get to conquer Gaza. We in Jordan are not going to take all of the Palestinian people. We could do 2000 for humanitarian reasons. Kids with cancer and kids who are, you know, been brutally maimed will bring 2000 kids. We're not taking the Palestinian people. They, their homeland is in, is in Palestine, is what they're saying. They have land right now. You're not gonna, there's needs to be a two state solution here. Play this clip Again. We we're having a conversation with the president. He presented his views, we presented ours. Our position is very clear in Jordan that we cannot afford anymore refugees. We're the largest per capita host of refugees in the region. We have 35% of our population are refugees.


So we made that clear and I think the president understands that, that what we want is to achieve peace. What we want is to rebuild Gaza. And again, the president says that his, he has, his plan is driven by his humanitarian concern, which we appreciate. Our position is that we can rebuild Gaza without Gaza leaving Gaza and, and Gaza's leaving Gaza will not be a solution. And and for us in Jordan, it is a matter of, of, of stability and security. And therefore our position is that we should solve the Palestinian issue in Palestine, on Palestinian land. And, and this conversation with the, with the, with the administration will continue. I think the objective is to bring about peace. The President says he wants to bring about peace. We are partners for him and bringing about that peace and just peace.


But our position is very clear. In order for peace to be, to be lasting for everybody to feel secure, we have to have the two state solutions where Palestinians stay in Palestine and do not leave their country. Here's the Jordanian Prime Minister again talking about what King Abdullah wants. Notably King Abdullah when he was in the Oval Office, did not stand up to Donald Trump. And again, he was like, he looked very uncomfortable being in the Oval Office as Trump was saying all of those things. But King Abdullah left the dirty work to his deputy Prime Minister. Play this clip Out front now for an exclusive interview. The Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister of Jordan, I'm ans Safadi, who is in the room for that crucial meeting between President Trump and King Abdullah of Jordan today.


So I appreciate your time, minister sdi. So you just hear President Trump there say, and I quote him, there's a parcel of land in Jordan. You say parcel land and Jordan, where the Palestinians from Gaza will go live. Is that the case? Well, good evening and, and thanks for having me. We as much did have a very good discussion with the, with the, with the, with the president. Obviously those, the, the pressure took place before the expanded meeting where the ideas were discussed. President, president Trump presented his ideas. I I believe he's driven by, as you said, humanitarian concern for Gaza. He believes that Gaza cannot rebuild without Gaza leaving their, their land.


His mati was very clear that we have a plan through which we'll be able to rebuild Gaza without Gaan leaving their, their ga Gaza. And, and this is a very, a key position for Jordan. Beyond that, I think we had a very good discussion. His mati made it very clear where we stand in terms of we can put up a plan that will rebuild Gaza without moving Gazen out of Gaza. Okay, so very clear on your plan, rebuild Gaza without moving, moving Gazen out. And you know, I don't, I don't wanna put words in your mouth, but just to be clear, parcel of land and Jordan does not fit with that. It, it sounded like you were very clear that Trump said that before the meeting with King Abdullah. So do you think he changed his mind on this parcel of land in Jordan or is it unclear at this time?


I, I think the, the president was very clear that he understands the key role Jordan plays, that Jordan's stability is key for the stability of the region. He listened attentively to what his mati said. And as I said, his mati was very clear even in the press that he'll do what's right for Jordan. And the interest of the Jordanian people and the interest of Jordan and the Jordanian people is to solve the Palestinian issue in Palestine without Palestinians having to leave. And again, this is a conversation the president presents views, his mahi presented ours, and we believe there's a path forward to rebuild Gaza without moving Palestinians out. And there's a path forward to achieve the just and lasting piece, which the president says he wants to bring about. And, and, and, and, and we are partners with him in, in doing so.


And the peace and the peace that we believe will be just and will be lasting is one that will be based on the two state solution.


Okay, let's be real. Privacy is basically dead. If you're not actively protecting it, ever Googled yourself, it's terrifying. How much of your personal information is just well out there, your name, phone number, and even your home address all up for grabs thanks to data brokers who collect and sell it to whoever is willing to pay. And If you think that's no big deal, trust me, it is. I've seen firsthand how this info gets used for identity theft, phishing scams, and even harassment. It's not just creepy, it's plain dangerous. That's why I personally use and recommend Delete Me. Delete Me is a subscription service that removes your personal info from hundreds of data broker sites. Let me break down why I love it. It's super easy. You tell Delete Me what info you want removed and their experts handle the rest. They send you regular privacy reports so you know exactly what they found, where they removed it, and what's still out there. Plus it's not just a one-time fix. They're constantly monitoring and removing your data so you stay protected long term. Take control of your data and keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me Now at a special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off your Delete Me plan today when you go to join delete me.com/midas and use promo code Midas, MEI ds at checkout. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join delete me.com/midas and enter code Midas M-E-I-D-I-S at checkout. That's join delete me.com/midas code Midas protect your privacy before it's too late. Thanks to delete me for sponsoring this episode.


One of the things we're also learning, of course, is that Egypt has reportedly closed the door to any further discussions with the United States regarding the displacement of Palestinians from the Gaza Strip with Egyptian officials having presented several plans for rebuilding Gaza without any kind of displacement, at least one of these plans has been delivered to the Trump administration. Cairo is said to be outraged by statements from both Israel and the United States, calling for the total removal of the Palestinian population from Gaza, sending a message to Washington, demanding clarification on recent comments by US President Donald Trump stating that sanctions could be imposed against Egypt if they refuse to accept Palestinian refugees.


Egypt is pissed. Jordan is pissed. Saudi Arabia is pissed. Donald Trump thinks this is some game, some real estate transaction that everyone's gonna go, oh, you are brilliant. How did you think of this, Donald? It's the opposite of what's happening. So here's what the Egyptians have said, quote, Egyptian Egypt expresses its intention to present a vision for the reconstruction of Gaza that guarantees the survival of the Palestinian people on their land. The Arab Republic of Egypt expresses its aspiration to cooperate with the US ad administration led by President Trump in order to achieve a comprehensive and just peace in the region by reaching a just settlement of the Palestinian issue that takes into account the rights of the people of the region.


The Arab Republic of Egypt expresses its aspiration to cooperate. In this context, Egypt de affirms its attention to present a comprehensive vision for the reconstruction of the Gaza Strip in a matter that guarantees the survival of the Palestinian people on their land. And in a matter consistent with the legitimate legal rights of this people. The Arab Republic stresses that any vision for resolving the Palestinian issue should take into account avoiding jeopardizing the gains in peace in the region, in parallel with seeking to contain and deal with the causes and roots of the conflict by ending the Israeli occupation of Palestinian land and implementing the two-state solution as the only way to achieve stability and coexistence among the people of the region.


In other words, go pound sand. Donald. This is the Arab Leagues, Hassam Zaki. Here he is again saying Gaza is not just some piece of property that you buy and sell. Idiot Donald Trump here play this clip. It is very clear that they have made their positions abundantly clear that this is rejected. It's, it's not a workable plan. If the idea is to make Gaza a better place, then we can make Gaza a better place with Palestinians staying in Gaza, not without the Palestinians. We make it a better place for the Palestinians, not without the Palestinians.


This is not just a piece of property that we can exchange or buy from another country because even Israel doesn't own it. As anyone who has a remote sense of or knowledge of international law would tell you Israel doesn't own it. This is not Israeli territory. This is Palestinian territory and it is occupied by Israel. So Israel legally has no right to give up this land to anybody, to any other country. And then Saudi Arabia has reacted. Of course, the chairman of the Gulf Research Center, Dr. Aboul Skar, reacts to the US President Donald Trump's plans to take over the Gaza Strip.


Here he talks about how shocked people were in the Muslim world play this clip, Good evening to and to all your audience, whatever they are. I think we were all shocked to hear what President Trump had said last night. This is why the Saudi respond to such a statement came immediately after three hours of that statement in the end of the night for us in this part of the world. But again, the Saudi of official statement came very clearly emphasizing what the Crown Prince have said before, whether during the Shura Council opening speech for the year or during the Arab Islamic Summit that was held in Riyadh.


And both of those statement clearly indicated that without a two-state solution, there will be no normalization with Israel Again. You see the, you see the pain and the grimacing on Kim on King Abdullah's face right here. As Donald Trump says, we're just gonna take it. We're gonna take Gaza, play this clip. Think I really think we're making some very good progress. Mr. President. President, You said before the US would buy Gaza, and today you just said, we're not going to buy Gaza. We're not gonna have to buy, we're going, we're gonna have Gaza. We don't have to buy. There's nothing to buy. We will have Gaza. What is that? No reason to buy. There is nothing to buy.


It's Gaza. It's, it's a war torn area. We're gonna take it, we're gonna hold it, we're gonna cherish it. We're going to get it going eventually where a lot of jobs are gonna be created for the people in the Middle East. It's, it's gonna be for the people in the Middle East, but I think it can be a diamond. It could be an absolute tremendous asset for the Middle East. And you're gonna have peace. It's gonna bring peace in the Middle East. Gaza And Donald Trump's asked, okay, but under what authority are you gonna do that in Trump's, like under US Authority play This clip States Was something that we're gonna talk about later to discuss all these options. And Mr. President, take it under what authority It is sovereignty under The US Authority and Mr.


President. Well, there you have it, Donald Trump being strongly rebuked by the Middle East, by Jordan, by Egypt, by Saudi Arabia. And by the way, they're probably being more diplomatic than what's going on behind the scenes. And so I showed you the plan, the meeting at Mar-a-Lago between Netanyahu and Donald Trump. What Kushner's plan was that became what Donald Trump wants to do. Maybe Donald Trump's trying to look, I'm trying to impress Ivanka. I'm gonna take it over the way. Kushner said that he was gonna take it over. I'm gonna do it. Ivanka, who knows? This guy's a psycho.


He's a psychopath. I mean, he is literally a demented psychopath every day threatening to invade and conquers Greenland. It's Canada, it's Gaza. It's Panama. And take that over again. Take it all over. Ridiculous. Ridiculous. We're gonna keep on speaking out here at the Midas Touch Network, even though we're here in the, in the United States and we're dealing with this. We'll keep reporting on the truth. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. I think we'll get there today. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.