
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply. Are you MAGA supporters happy about this? That America is literally the laughing stock of the world that Donald Trump's cabinet picks are so ridiculously unqualified that people are laughing at them every day.


Like we went from a retired four star general as our Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin, who's imminently qualified to a Fox and Friends weekend host Pete Hegseth can't even make it on the main Fox and Friends during the weekdays themselves. That's who Donald Trump has nominated to appoint as Secretary of Defense as Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren says, A Fox and Friends Weekend co-host is not qualified to be the Secretary of Defense. I lead the Senate military personnel panel. All three of my brothers served in uniform.


I respect every one of our service members. Donald Trump's pick makes us less safe and must be rejected. May I do a comparison right now? Let me show you the current Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin, and a speech he gave in June on the importance of nato. Here play this clip Like nations of goodwill around the world. Our NATO allies continue to stand up for Ukraine's sovereignty and self-defense. And as we prepare for the Washington Summit, the NATO Ukraine partnership continues to deepen. The summit will take steps toward a credible bridge. Okay, now contrast that to Donald Trump's pick.


Pete Hegseth, who's now getting laughed at by even Republicans who are looking at this and going, what the heck? Here's Donald Trump's pick here. Play this clip. Yo Independence Day is almost here. We're getting ready. In the Hegseth household, we celebrate America Old glory and the freedoms are forefathers fought to establish freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, the right to bear arms, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. You know, the thing, as Joe likes to say, we also know we're one nation under God. There are a lot of folks trying to divide us right now, but we know who we are. We love God, our families and our republic.


Your support of veteran owned American made anti woke companies like Palmetto State Armory Caliber Coffee, right to bear self-defense and a a c ammunition keeps us strong at home. We vote with our feet and our dollars to stay free. To that end, a a c just rolled out a new line of AK 47 ammo. That's right, because Russian ammo is now banned. So now you can buy American Made 7 6 2. That's what I'm talking about. Check the text below for more info. Happy Independence Day. Everybody from our family to yours. God bless America. Speaking of America being laughed at right now in Donald Trump's decisions being laughed at.


So Donald Trump announced an imaginary cabinet position that he's creating called the Doge Department. I'm making up the Doge department based on a meme coin, doge coin that Elon Musk created. And he says, I'm gonna have Vivek Ramus Swami, and I'm gonna have Elon Musk lead the Doge cabinet position. What, what are we like five years old? Or just making up cabinet positions. But as Elizabeth Lawrence said, laughing in their face. So let me get this straight. The Office of Government Efficiency, which Trump calls Doge, it's off to a great start with split leadership.


Two people to do the work of one person. Yes, that really sounds efficient, Donald. And you have a Vivek Ram Swami and Elon Musk and Elon Musk's posting the photo of the Doge logo. It's like a, like a dog. And then Elon Musk goes', department of Government efficiency. The merch will be lit, the merch will be fire. The merch will be lit, the merch will be fire. We are making a fake cabinet positions in the United States of America. Oh, and then by the way, Marco Rubio for Secretary of State. Yes. The guy who said, Donald Trump, your hands are itty bitty and really tiny, tiny little hands, Donald.


Like, here's what Marco Rubio said, play this clip. Have you seen his hands? They're like this. And you know what they say about men with small hands? You can't trust them. Look at those hands. Are they small hands? And he referred to my hands, if they're small, something else must be small. I guarantee you there's no problem. I guarantee. So I looked at 'em. I said, Marco, those hands can hit a golf ball. 285 yards. I want to show the size of my hands how I could grab him, how I could grab him.


By the way, speaking of hands, just going back for a second to Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of Defense right now, Pete Heif, this guy doesn't wash his hands. He doesn't wash his hands. He says he hasn't washed his hands in 10 years. Here, play this glue. I don't think I've washed my hands for 10 years. Really? I don't. I don't really wash my hands ever. So would it help me? No. No. I inoculate myself. It's just not, germs are not a real thing. True. I can't see them. Therefore, they're not real. So you're becoming immune to all of the all the bacteria. Bacteria. Oh, I can't get sick. My, and by the way, this is like a recurring segment with him. He talks about how he doesn't like to wash his body and he doesn't like to wash his feet or his hands or other extremities.


He doesn't like to wash things. He says. And he goes on Fox as part of his hosting duties, duties and talks about not washing anything Here, play this clip. Yeah. As I, I've made some statements in the past about hand washing. Yeah. Because I feel like showering controversial is, is an equivalent for the most part to hand washing. Yeah. 'cause you're scrubbing. So your hands are getting clean. Well, you're out there in the pasture, you know, stepping in cow manure and stuff. That's true. You might want do it more. So I have washed my feet in the last 10 years, which is a good sign. That's news to America. That's big news for America, actually. Absolutely. Right. Given your, you know, I, I've, I've made a renewed commitment to hygiene and I'm proud of it. Not Wow. What, what in the world is going on? Oh yeah. Then you turn on CNN Not that you do it 'cause who's ever gonna even watch that channel anymore, but I do it for you.


And so I'm not gonna show, I'm just gonna show you a small clip here where they have Scott Jennings, who's like, they, they have like these panels where they have like eight people. But Scott Jennings is like the main Republican on the panel. Like he's the MAGA representative. He's the big Trump voice on CNN. So he says that if Marco Rubio becomes Secretary of State, he has a proposal of who should become the Senator of Florida to fill Marco Rubio's spot here. Watch this. All right. Alright. If Marco Rubio does in fact become Secretary of State, we're gonna need a new senator from the state of Florida. And we need someone with Rubio's National Security credentials.


Now there's one Floridian who can do it. He stood up to the Russians and the Iranians in the 1980s when he defeated the Iron Sheik and Nikolai Volko two of America's most lethal foes. He is a real American. He fights for the rights of every man he knows. The courage is the thing that keeps us free. Ladies and gentlemen, I announce Rhon DeSantis. Get on it. Hulk Hogan for US Senate. And what you gonna do, Chuck Schumer, when Hu Mania runs Wild on you, brother. All right, Got, we gotta leave it there. Everyone talk. Thank you very. How closely do you track your bank statements and credit card transactions? I honestly don't have time to do it as much as I'd like, but Rocket Money makes it so much quicker and easier to stay on top of my finances.


Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money, you can see all of your checking, savings, credit cards and investments in one convenient place, allowing you to understand your spending trends. Rocket Money can help you set up a custom budget by identifying top spending categories and suggesting areas where you could adjust your spending habits. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you when you're close to going over budget, so you can save more and spend less. Maybe you wanna spend less on dining out or on new clothes. Rocket Money will give you the keys to easily make those decisions. They also have a goals feature that automatically saves money for you. So you don't even have to think about it. Whether your goal is to pay off your credit card debt, set away money for a house, or simply save you money, rocket Money makes it easy.


Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. Sometimes by up to 20% saving money on a cell phone or cable bill and not having to deal with customer service yourself. A dream come true. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members and has saved its users over $1 billion with a B across all of the apps features. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get Rocket money today@rocketmoney.com slash midas touch. That's rocket money.com/midas. Touch rocket money.com/midas. Touch. Yeah. Ho Hulk Hogan and he wears a Hoka mania shirt. Guys, this is the, this is our government.


This is life or deaths. This isn't, this isn't funny jokes. This is our, this is our, this is the United States of America as everybody's laughing at us and mocking us here. By the way, something that Donald Trump posted recently as well a few weeks ago. Hulk Hogan is doing a beer, and if he's doing it, it must be good. Great looking Cannon logo. I'm gonna, I'm gonna give it a try. And Donald Trump would send all of these emails out to his supporters. Hey there brother. This is the MAGA cutoff Hulk Hogan war on stage. 'cause remember Hulk Hogan spoke during the Republican National Convention rem remember that?


Here's what he said. Here, play this clip. You Low lifes, all you scumbags, all you drug dealers and all you crooked politicians need to answer one question. Brother, what you gonna do when Donald Trump and all the Trump maniacs run wild on you? You know, but throughout this I've, I've said it before. You know the, the media is so complicit. So after all of that Hulk Hogan stuff, remember what NBC said? Remember the NBC host was like, that was a great speech by Mr. Hogan. That was a great RNC speech. This is what, this is. How NBC, rather than saying, okay, this is insane.


This is nuts. This is literally crazy. Red alert. Red alert, which we're saying here on the Midas Touch network. No, NBC was like, you know, this was a great speech at the Republican national conventional. I think Hulk Hogan did a really good job of connecting with people here play this clip. People Like Hulk Hogan. Hulk Hogan gave what I would say is probably the best speech at this convention so far. And there have been speeches that have blown the roof off this place. People who love the conservative politics here, who love Maga Hogan came in here. He did something completely different. He also was just, just entertaining, right? He was funny. He made people laugh. And even if you don't care for the politics here, he might've entertained you. And on top of that, What in the world is going on? Oh, and by the way, on Tuesday you had Kain Jean Pierre, the White House press secretary was asked a question by little Ducey, one of the hosts on Fox and Ducey, Peter Ducey.


And he asked the question. He asked the question. So we know that President Biden had lunch with Vice President Harris. How was must have been really awkward, huh? And kain Jean B here's like, I don't even what? I don't what are you talking about? She's the vice president. He we're, we're grownups here. I don't even know, I don't even just understand the premise of your question. Do see from Fox here play this clip? We know that today, a week after the election, president Biden Vice President Harris had a private lunch. How awkward was that? I don't even understand. Why would it, why would it be awkward? Because Why would it be awkward? Pre got squeezed out for her and then she kept him at arm's length and then she lost and now She's back.


Why would you characterize it as awkward? They have regular lunches. They meet and talk regularly. Why would you there? Just call it Awkward. So there's no weirdness about the way that things have unfolded. Centralized. Did you see them, did you see them together yesterday as well? When they honored our veterans and were together during the day making sure that we didn't forget of the brave men and women that fought for this country. Did you see them together yesterday? Did you see the, the show of force together? This is like, I'm not even gonna take the premise of this. The question, what I will say is, the president and the vice president had lunch today. They've had lunch many times.


They have, can they communicate with each other regularly? They had an opportunity to discuss the last 70 days or so of this administration, how important it is. To get things done for the American people. And that's their focus. That is genuinely their focus. I think that that clip there was worth showing you, because again, it's like you have grownups in the White House right now. Is it, you know, is having grownups do their jobs at a professional level with people like Lloyd Austin and people who know what qualified four star generals who know what they're doing?


Is that boring? Yeah. I want my government to be a little bit boring, okay? Because I want my institutions to freaking function. I want them to work. I don't want drama. I don't want ho media. I don't, I don't, I don't want that. Okay? I want to go about my day with my family and know that my government is working with adults in the room and people behaving like grownups. Like at a bare minimum, could we have a floor of adult behavior amongst adults? But no, not with this maga crap. Like what the hell is that? My friend Dan Preda wrote the following, 'cause I'm hearing this all over to him.


Sure. You are now also with all these people who voted for Donald Trump and they're like, I didn't know he said that. The hell, I didn't know he said that. I never saw that. I never, what do you mean you didn't? It's all out there. What do you mean you didn't know that he said that? What are you talking about? Dan goes, I keep reading all of these accounts from Trump voters who claim, oh, I didn't know that policy, or I never heard him say that. Okay. He's been saying it everywhere, over and over again. Okay. You, you all knew what he was gonna do. And this is what you wanted the, the Doge department with Elon Musk and Vik Ramaswamy. We're just gonna make up cabinet positions. Let's have a Fox and Friends host become the Secretary of Defense.


This is like some warped freaking movie that you couldn't even believe the plot. Like wake up, wake up, wake up. Wash your hands, take a shower. I don't know. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers, please real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.