
Donald Trump made a fatal mistake last night in what could have been the biggest disaster in his entire life. Trump left his very tiny crowd in Michigan waiting at the location for more than three hours while he recorded a podcast with Joe Rogan. Hundreds of attendees left before he even took the stage. Meanwhile, momentum, momentum, momentum, vice President, Kamala Harris held a historic rally in Houston, Texas in front of over 30,000 people with Beyonce, Willie Nelson, Colin ra, Jessica Alba, and more. It was her biggest rally to date. My name is Brett MICUs with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe and help us get to 3.5 million subscribers.


First, I gotta show you the crowd. 30,000 people in Houston to see Kamala Harris. Watch this. And by the way, even that doesn't even tell you the full picture. More than 1.5 million people registered for the event and online. Millions and millions and millions of people were watching. You could look at the top streams right here for the Kamala Harris event and for Trump's event that ultimately were happening at the same time. You see, Kamala Harris had two and a half million people watching live on that one stream alone, while Donald Trump only had 14,700.


Quite the difference. And as Matt McDermott says, quite the juxtaposition to watch 30,000 people fired up for Kamala Harris in Houston while people flood out of the Trump rally in Michigan because he's three hours late and doesn't actually care about his voters as Aaron Rupa put it, Kamala Harris rally in Houston, Beyonce, Kamala Harris, Donald Trump rally in Michigan, freeze for six hours. Get a video of Trump from his private jet explaining that he'll be at least three hours late when he's already an hour late. Then leave. I wanna show you just the vibes at the Kamala Harris rally because the vibes are really good. This was before the rally. Check out how much fun the crowd was having.


A reporter who was in Houston at the event said inside the Harris Houston rally as the stadium fills, covered quite a few rallies from 20 16, 20 and 24 and haven't quite seen anything like this. Meanwhile, after Donald Trump was already over an hour late, he sent in this video to play in front of his crowd, letting him know that he would be at least three hours late for his speech Campaigns, including doing Joe Rogan. And we want to just win. So I said, well, they understand in Traverse City. Otherwise I'll be very upset with myself and I think you will. And it's a Friday night so we can sit around, we'll do an extra special job when we get there.


I think we land in about two hours and we're stepping on the gas, but it's all about winning. And we had to spend some extra time with some people and lots of people actually. But we are going to do a special performance and we'll be there and I think you'll see the plane land and the whole thing and we really appreciate it. Hope you can stay around. We'll be about two hours. It should land around 10 or a little before that and I appreciate it very much. We're gonna have a good time tonight. See you in a little while. Donald. John Trump en Route.


Why is he so red? Anyway? CBS reporter, ed O'Keefe reported Trump's decision to spend hours with Joe Rogan. Not going well with Michiganders, some of whom are leaving as they learn that the former president is still more than an hour away. Here's one of the videos of people leaving the rally. Watch this. And here's another video of Trump rally attendees heading to their cars. Watch Swatch.


All right, can we play that video from Kamala Harris's event? Just one more time of the crowd just to compare. And while Trump was on his private jet heading to the rally that he was three hours late for while his followers were leaving in droves, Donald Trump took to his social media app to disparage a retired US general. And his former chief of staff, John Kelly Donald Trump wrote, John Kelly's tarnished reputation keeps getting worse. He is a stone cold loser always has been.


And I'm glad I didn't have him involved with the ISIS caliphate, which I won in record setting time. If he was involved, we would have lost I. mean what? A what? A loser. He's so mad that John Kelly exposed him for all of his comments about Hitler, that he continues to lash out at one of our revered military generals. When Donald Trump actually arrived to Michigan to the rally, it was the most bizarre scene imaginable. He took the stage and for over seven minutes he just kinda waddled on stage and walked around aimlessly while the undertaker's theme song played from WE like the wrestler, the undertaker. He just kinda waddled around walking around while this very kind of disturbing music played underneath him.


It was just like very odd. People were very confused. Then Donald Trump told the crowd that he had some other more important things to do and that's why he was late. Watch. It's, you know, it's quite something. And we had some other things really important. Then Trump in front of the crowd in Michigan started crapping on Detroit. It's a developing area, which you can't say Detroit is. Exactly. You know, when I said the other day, I, last time I was here, I said, we gotta bring Detroit. 'cause honestly, for 45 years I've been here in Detroit, Detroit, we are gonna make it great. But when I sort of gave it a little doc, I said, let's face it, we've been ripped in Detroit. We gotta make Detroit.


They said he was disparaging. I'm not disparaging, I'm telling you the facts. Then Trump attacked Beyonce for being at the event with Vice President Harris. Joe Biden is asleep. Kamala is at a dance party with Beyonce. Then a Trump supporter passed out in the crowd and Trump instructed his crew to start playing Ave Maria again. It just got so weird. Watch American Patriot, God bless the soul. Should we listen to a nice song while we wait? Okay. Ave Maria by Pavar want to do it? We'll listen to a song. I want the doctors to take their time, Sing a prayer.


Alright, that's enough of him. Now I wanna show you some of my favorite moments from Vice President Harris's rally. Here was Beyonce saying that she was not there as a celebrity, but she was there as a mother H town. We are so happy to be standing here on this stage as proud country, Texas women supporting and celebrating The one and Only Vice President, Kamala Harris, a woman who's been pushing for what this country really needs right now.


Unity. It's impossible not to feel the energy in this room, The positivity, The community, the humanity. We are at the precipice of an incredible shift, the brink of history. We I am not here as a celebrity. I'm not here as a politician. I'm here as a mother, a mother who cares deeply about the world. My children and all of our children live in a world where we have the freedom to control our bodies.


A world where we are not divided, our past, our present, our future merge to meet us here. Imagine our daughters growing up, seeing what's possible with no ceilings, no limitations. Imagine our grandmothers, imagine what they feel right now. Those who have lived to see this historic day, even those who are no longer physically with us. Imagine all of their sacrifice, the sacrifices made so we can witness the strength of a woman Standing in her powers.


And the big focus on Vice President Harris's event in Houston was on reproductive rights because Texas is the epicenter of these awful abortion laws that are a result of Donald Trump. Overturning Roe v. Wade with his Supreme Court justices. So Vice President Harris spoke about how the Attorney General of Texas is suing To. get their hands on the private medical records of women while Donald Trump won't even let anybody see his own medical records. Now the Attorney General of Texas is suing the United States government so that Texas prosecutors can get check this out so that Texas prosecutors can get their hands on private medical records of women who leave the state To get care.


Now, I'd ask everybody here please do see the irony. Okay, listen to this. On the one hand, Donald Trump won't let anyone see his medical records. I gave up my, and on the other hand, they wanna get their hands on your medical records. Simply put, they're outta their mind. And I thought this next part was so important. Kamala Harris spoke about the consequences of this election on the Supreme Court. If Donald Trump is president again, he will likely get to a appoint at least one additional Supreme Court justice.


Remember who we appointed, call her Justice Kanji Brown Jackson. But if he were, if he were reelected, he'd probably get to appoint one if not two members to the United States Supreme Court. At which point Donald Trump will have packed the court with five out of nine justices on that court who will sit, but think about that, who will sit for lifetime appointments shaping your lives and the lives of generations to come. And that is among the many critical contrast in this election.


Look, Donald Trump doesn't trust women, but I do. We trust women and we understand what's at stake. And with Colin already in the United States Senate, when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom, I will proudly sign it into law as President of the United States. Proudly. Proudly,


Let's face it, after night with drinks. I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day, pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference The next day, for example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends, and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre alcohol and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Meanwhile, earlier in the day, former president Barack Obama was speaking in North Carolina and he was speaking about North Carolina's Lieutenant Governor, the Republican Mark Robinson, who is running for governor in the state. Watch this. Josh's opponent believes other things. I do not know where to start with this man called the Civil Rights Movement. Crap called L-G-B-T-Q, people Filth self identified as a Nazi suggested bringing back slavery.


I now, I shouldn't really have To get into all this. I I. Think it's fair to say you do not need a governor who makes Donald Trump look almost normal. You deserve somebody who's gonna work every day and fight for you. Somebody who has shown that he is up for the job. Somebody like Josh Stein, he's been doing it his entire career. And earlier in the day, JD Vance was in North Carolina. Also, I feel like they've been like kiting JD Vance these past few days or weeks, right? He hasn't been out there very much. But JD Vance was out there and JD Vance I guess forgot that he's supposed to pretend like Mark Robinson doesn't even exist, even though that he endorsed Mark Robinson.


Watch what happens when he realizes he wasn't even supposed to say Mark Robinson's name. And Mark Robinson was not at his event, but he accidentally had this kind of Freudian slip watch. I wanna give a shout out to you guys. Have a great lieutenant governor. So sorry, we've got Li sorry, mark isn't here. We've, What happened? jd, you and Donald and Mark Robinson, you all used to be such good friends. What happened? Why? Why are you so afraid to say his name? Anyway, I wanna get serious for one second, because Donald Trump did write a really troubling message on his social media app yesterday. And I think this speaks to his fear and panic about the election. You see his panic ramping up as we approach election day and Vice President Harris has the momentum.


So Donald Trump wrote this, I together with many attorneys and legal scholars am watching the sanctity of the 2024 presidential election very closely because I know better than most the rampant cheating and skullduggery that has taken skullduggery that has taken place by the Democrats in the 2020 presidential election. It was a disgrace to our nation. Therefore, the 2024 election where votes have just started being cast, will be under the closest professional scrutiny. And when I win, those people that cheated will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, which will include long-term prison sentences so that this depravity of justice does not happen again. We cannot let our country further devolve into a third world nation and we won't.


Please be aware that this legal exposure extends to lawyers, political operatives, donors, illegal voters, and corrupt election officials. Those involved in unscrupulous behavioral will be sought out, caught and prosecuted at levels, unfortunately never before seen in our country. Now, this is horrifying stuff. This is straight up fascism authoritarianism. This is Donald Trump saying that he intends to lock up all of his political enemies in anybody who opposed him. That could mean me. That can mean you. That means politicians. That means election workers like Ruby Freeman and Shay Moss. That means people like Jack Smith, that means election attorneys like Mark Elias. This is really serious stuff. And this needs to be highlighted that Donald Trump is using this rhetoric.


So when you have people like Mike Johnson and people like Mitch McConnell writing letters saying, Kamala Harris needs to turn down the rhetoric. She shouldn't be speaking and calling Donald Trump a fascist and an authoritarian. Well, maybe Donald Trump should stop saying such overtly authoritarian things and making threats just like this, which are quite representative of what happened in Nazi Germany. This is horrifying stuff. Anyway, I wanna show you some of the data which actually bodes quite well for Vice President, Kamala, Harris. And this goes against a lot of the, a lot of the conventional wisdom out there. 'cause we're seeing these polls that are neck and neck, right? But it's interesting in all these polls that we are seeing when they actually poll early voters, people who have actually placed their ballots already, vice President, Kamala Harris actually has a sizable margin, which I think is showing that there are a lot of independents and Republican voters out there who are voting for Vice President Harris.


'cause a lot of the early votes in the states are actually have more Republicans than Democrats doing early voting in some of these states. So let me show you this. This is the Marist poll of early voters, people who have already submitted ballots in Arizona. They have Harris up 55 to Trump, 44 in North Carolina, Harris up 55 to Trump, 43 in Georgia, Harris up 54 to Trump 45. And the CNN poll found something similar. They say Harris has likely banked more votes than Trump so far, given the Democrats higher propensity to vote early or by mail. According to the poll, the poll was filled October 20th to the 23rd after early and absentee voting was well underway across the country and found the 20% of likely voters who say they have already cast their ballot break 61% Harris to 36% Trump, while those who say they haven't yet voted breaking Trump's favor by a smaller margin, 50% to 44%.


And the New York Times found something similar as well. The New York Times poll found that 9% of Americans who said they had already voted, leaned heavily towards Ms. Harris. 59% to 40%. That is consistent with the Democrats advantage that they've historically had in early voting and mail voting. Though there are signs that the Republicans may have cast early ballots and unusually heavy numbers. I think we're seeing a big crossover vote this year. And I want to be monitoring this to figure out what all that data means and see how many crossover voters that we have from the Republican party, how many independents are voting for Vice President, Kamala Harris, and Governor Tim Walls. We saw another Republican yesterday endorse Vice President Harris, Oklahoma City Mayor David Holtz says he's voting for character, competence and commitment.


He's voting for vice President, Kamala Harris, and said, this is a moment where he has to pick country over party. What's Donald Trump's final pitch to people other than what I just showed you? Well, Donald Trump is going to hold a rally on Wednesday in Wisconsin with former Packers quarterback Brett Fav. Brett Favre, as you probably know, is embroiled in a massive scandal right now where he's accused of stealing Mississippi state welfare funds. This is what the biggest corruption case in Mississippi State history that he's embroiled in right now. So I guess it's fitting for a Trump rally for, you know, criminals gotta hang out with criminals. And that's not all at Donald Trump's Madison Square Garden event.


by the way, Madison Square Garden is actually a smaller venue where than where Kamala Harris was with Beyonce on Friday night. These are the people who are going to be on stage with Donald Trump at MSG, Elon Musk, Stephen Miller, Tucker Carlson, speaker Mike Johnson, Dana White, RFK Jr. Then some like campaign people. I mean, it's just the who's who of Grifters and criminals and the weirdest people on the planet. I mean they're, they're definitely not beating the weird allegations. And I think it just shows you right now though, vice President Kamala Harris is finishing strong. She's gonna be holding this rally on the ellipse at the site of where January 6th happened. I think that is going to be so impactful and powerful. She's making the contrast very clear what Donald Trump and Donald Trump also continues to kind of screw himself over with the way he is treating people, with the way he's handling these various events with his low energy delivery, with his threats.


And I think America is waking up to it. But here's what we gotta do, right? We could have all this data, we could see all these clips, we could, that's fine, but we all need To. Get to the polls and we gotta vote. So we're counting on you for that. And what I want to hear, I wanna hear your voting stories, share them with us in the comments, let us know, you know, if you went to the polls already, how long you waited, where you were, who your family's voting for, we'd love to hear all those sorts of details. Remember to share these videos. Also, get this information out there as far and wide as possible. Subscribe to this channel. We're on our way to 3.5 million and we can't get there without you. And then I just wanna thank you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. I really appreciate, appreciate you for watching this and I'll see you in a bit.


Hey, Might it's mighty love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.