
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


The NBA 82 Game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


This Episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


So when I ask what is odu, what comes to mind? Well, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say ODU is like a magic beans stock because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. But then again, you could look at ODU in terms of how its individual software programs are a lot like building blocks. I mean, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is odu? Well, I guess ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a fertilizer magic beans stock building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that odod is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@oo.com. That's od o o.com.


Donald Trump just gave a disastrous press conference in the White House that is sparking more questions about his mental fitness and cognitive decline. Trump did not seem to be aware of much of what was going on in his administration. This as the Federal Reserve was sounding the alarm about the collapsing economy. My name is Brett Mycells with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to subscribe and add the Midas Touch Podcast right now on Apple Podcast and Spotify for more. This tweet from reporter, Sam Stein, summed up this press conference perfectly. When Trump was asked to comment about Vance saying that Russia was asking for too much in negotiations, Trump replied, when did he say that it's possible he's right on news that the Trump administration is now going to deport migrants to Libya.


Trump said, I don't know. You'll have to ask Homeland Security on Republican Senator Tom Tillis opposing Trump's nominee, ed Martin for us, attorney for Washington dc. Trump replied, I didn't know that. As Max Burns wrote, quote, either Trump's cognitive function is in sharp decline, or his White House team is intentionally keeping him outta the loop on key national security issues or both. Any combination of those things is a huge problem. Let's go through some of the low lights here. Donald Trump rambled and complained that the US doesn't get enough credit for World War II as he designated Thursday as Victory Day. Here's the clip And it's, I really believe it's a shame. You know, it's, I was watching for the last week and I noticed France.


I noticed other countries all getting ready for Victory day. And I said, that's sort of strange 'cause David just added something. He said, we also rebuilt the world. And I didn't have that and I should have that. That was a big factor. But I noticed all of the countries, Russia having a big day tomorrow, and by the way, they lost millions of people and they were absolutely a major factor, but there was no major factor like us. We won the war and we went it with the help of others. But everybody was celebrating with the United States of America. And I said, you know, I think it's time that we start celebrating victory and that's what we're doing.


Oh, and if that wasn't enough, Trump said, we're actually going to have two victory days now, one for World War I and one for World War ii, but said that the American people get too much time off as it is. I, I don't even know. Watch this. All Americans should take pride in what these incredible patriots have achieved. So I just want to say happy Victory Day to all. So we are celebrating every year now I can guarantee for four years, but I think after that we're gonna have two victory days. World War I and World War ii. This is World War ii, victory Day in the future, we're going to have a major celebration of each day.


We're not gonna have days off because We don't have enough days in the year. We have too many celebrations already. Trump was also asked about his administration's plans to now send migrants to Libya. Trump said he didn't know anything about it. Watch this. Any other questions? Are your administration sending migrants to Libya? I don't know. You'll have to ask Homeland Security. Please. Would you? So three US officials have now confirmed to the press that the Trump administration is planning on deporting migrants to Libya. For the first time this week, human rights groups have called libya's detention centers horrific and deplorable. And the State Department has even called these facilities harsh and life threatening. The State Department even has a travel warning for Libya warning of terrorism, kidnapping, and armed conflict in the region.


This is just yet another dehumanizing idea by the Trump administration and one that Trump is saying he just knows nothing about. Trump was then asked about his trade war, which is having devastating effects on the US economy. Trump was asked if he would exempt products that families rely on from his tariffs. And he said like everything else he didn't know. Watch this. The Trump secretary just told lawmakers that a tariff exemption for certain baby items like car seats is under consideration. Will you exempt some products that Families rely on? I don't know. I'll think about it. I don't know. I really don't. I want, can I wanna make it nice and simple? I'm not looking to have so many exemptions that nobody knows what's doing. We have to make it very simple, but I'll take a look at it.


Trump continues to lie about China wanting to engage in trade conversations with the United States. In fact, China has said that the US has been trying to initiate talks with them. I mean, the US is practically begging them to speak not the other way around. Trump was asked about this and he lied some more. Watch this. We will, but we haven't made that decision yet. China said the US initiated the trade talks this weekend and that its position hasn't changed. Are you still confident you can reach a deal with China? They said we initiated. Well, I think they ought to go back and study their files. Okay. I do think that, go Ahead. Trump was then asked if he'd be willing to pull back on his massive tariffs to try to get China to negotiate.


He said, no, watch this. In order To have substantive negotiations, you have to bring down your 145% tariffs. Are you open to pulling back your tariffs in order to get China to the negotiating table? No. And I should note that literally just hours before this, Trump's treasury secretary Scott Bessant said that the US would consider lowering the tariffs.


Okay. I have to say Hexclad completely changed the game in my kitchen. I used to constantly wrestle with the choice between stainless steel for durability or non-stick for cleanup. And honestly, neither ever felt quite right. But then I tried Hexclad and now I get the best of both in one pan. It's like magic stainless steel performance and non-stick convenience. I've made everything from scrambled eggs to steaks in my Hexclad pans, and they still look brand new. They're easy to clean, totally dishwasher safe, oven safe up to 500 degrees. And this is a big one scratch resistant. Even when I use metal utensils plus their Japanese Damascus steel knives, insanely sharp, effortless slicing. I use them every single day. And if Gordon Ramsey trusts Hexclad in his kitchen, you know it's legit. He's a tough critic, believe me. And by the way, Hexclad products come with a lifetime warranty. So they literally last a lifetime For a very limited time shop. The Hexclad Mother's Day sale for up to 49% off site-wide and a free gift with purchase when you order one of their best selling bundles with our exclusive link, just head to Hexclad dot com slash Midas Plus support our show and check them out at H-E-X-C-A d.com/ Midas Plus and make sure to let them know we sent you Bon Appetit. Let's eat with Hexclad revolutionary cookware.


By the way, here was a great moment from a hearing this morning where Democratic Congressman Meeks questioned Scott Besson directly about the Trump administration's entire basis for these tariffs where they say that our trade deficits constitute a national emergency. Watch this epic moment. Does trade deficits constitute a national emergency? The hollowing out of the US manufacturing? No. Just yes or no. The yes or no, yes or no, sir. It's a national emergency, sir. It does. It does. It it trade de, you're telling me trade deficits equals a national or creates per persistent and prolonged.


Yes, sir. Okay. And do you know also, sir, that for the last four decades we've had trade deficits in the United States of America and nobody said it was an emergency. Democratic and Republican presidents? You know what that says to me? That is not an emergency 'cause it hasn't been for four decades. It says to me that we should bring tariffs back to the United States Congress so that we can make that determination as the Constitution has said, and not tried to go around Congress.


That's just unbelievable to me. Let Me ask, meanwhile, the Federal Reserve has announced it is leaving interest rates unchanged, issuing a major warning about stagflation in the United States. That means slow economic growth, high unemployment and rising inflation. Here's Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell warning about stagflation. If Trump's tariffs remain, watch this. If the large increases in tariffs that have been announced are sustained, they're likely to, to generate a rise in inflation, a slow down in economic growth and an increase in unemployment. The effects on inflation could be short-lived, reflecting a one-time shift in the price level. It is also possible that the inflationary effects could instead be more persistent.


Avoiding that outcome will depend on the size of the tariff effect, tariff effects on how long it takes for them to pass through fully into prices and ultimately on keeping longer term inflation expectations. Well anchored Back to the press conference. Trump was also asked about the ongoing conflict between US troops and the Houthis. While Trump is now claiming there is a ceasefire with the rebel group, there have been multiple incidents over the past couple weeks in the region. In fact, just yesterday we learned about a US fighter jet that plummeted into the Red Sea when trying to land on the USS Harry s Truman aircraft carrier. At least that's the story that we've been told. This was the second fighter jet, the US lost in the Red Sea in just over a week. And the fourth major mishap in just months.


These fighter jets are worth about $70 million a piece. But I guess this is what happens when you have a Fox News Morning show host in charge. Anyway, Trump said today that he honors the Houthis commitment and commended them for their bravery. Watch this, Take a look. But you know, we had really a very good, as you know, we had a very good outcome with the Houthis and we honor their word. I mean, they made a commitment and we dealt with other countries that were close to them and their surrogates and we honor all of their words and we will see what happens. But I think, you know, I, I believe that hopefully that's over with and they'll leave the ships alone.


You know, just leave those ships alone. But so we do, we take their word for it. It was, you know, we hit them very hard. They had a great capacity to withstand punishment. They, they took tremendous punishment. And, you know, you could say there's a lot of bravery there that it, I, it was amazing what, what they took. But we honor their commitment and their were, they gave us their word that they wouldn't be shooting ships anymore. And we honor that. I wanna thank you all for Being anyway, so that's the latest, another day, another disaster. You know, we're going to continue to follow it all right here on the Midas Touch Network. So remember to subscribe and add the Midas Touch Podcast right now on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.


My name is Brett and I'll see you soon. Can't get enough Midas Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.