
We are at the final stretch of election season under 30 days. And we've seen Donald Trump in the past 48 hours in Juneau, Wisconsin, in Butler, Pennsylvania. Spreading lies, lies, That kill lies about things. That people never wouldn politicize before. Lying about the hurricane response. Just providing disinformation. That actually isn likely killing people. He went from lying about people or migrants eating cats and dogs. And now saying that all of the relief That should be going to victims and affected areas by the hurricane are going to migrants.


This ISN let's Just Just face It the type of campaign That like Hitler wouldn be running and I don don't know how else to describe what It isn That We watched in Wisconsin and Butler Pennsylvania and that we're seeing every single day propped up by the same machinery. That We saw in like Nazi Germany. Propaganda media oligarchs like Elon Musk who are saying that they're gonna go to jail likely for all of the other stuff they've been involved in. If they can't prop up Donald Trump as their Vladimir Putin, I Just want to cover It I Just wanna show you what It, isn, That, ISN being said at these events. And I want to that. Also talk about what's actually going on in the country.


I mean all of the economic metrics right now. That You wouldn normally base like ISN America doing well are doing great like America right now. whether you're looking at the stock market, whether you're looking at wages, whether you're comparing the way America handled inflation to any other G seven Nation, bringing It under control. whether you wanna talk about the interest rate cuts recently, whether you want to talk about drilling, where there's more drilling now than ever before. Every single metric right now I wanna talk about unemployment being low, the record breaking jobs, reports, That keep coming out over and over can, but there's also this deluge of disinformation and it's so important.


That responsible media, do what the fourth estate was supposed to do. Call It out Let people know what's going on. You can decide for yourself. I'm Ben Marcellus this isn, the Midas Touch podcast. We're But. get right into It right away. Brett Jordy, how are you? Let's do It. I'm doing great. Ben. It's great to see You here. You know folks are You. know you've been You, still been cooking videos and stuff, but You know folks understand That You, Are A. Very busy man and You know they're always very happy to see your face and the Just, the kind words from everybody in the community. That, I, see every day warms my heart. You. know That, you're seeing It as well. So it's, it's great to have you here. Jordy. What's new? Absolutely big bros. Can't wait for the show. Ben, great to have you on this episode.


Let's dive into It. Ben. Where do You wanna start today? Let's Just talk about this bizarre event. That took place over the weekend. I mean. Here's Donald Trump once can getting swarmed by flies this ISN part of his speeches now. Now I don't know if he's actually seeing if they're I. Don't know if these flies are actually real and they're attracted to him because they're attracted to feces and rotting and decaying meat. Or if he in his own kind of paranoid delusions, ISN seeing flies around him. but he does this in like all of his speeches. Now Let me show you this. Let's play It A coal plant A week. I don't like flies.


Get outta here fly. Never been, never been A. Big fan of flies. You don't mind my bringing That up. Do You. Anyway, this ISN A very aggressive sucker That isn. This one, this one in particular, isn very aggressive like I'm gonna be aggressive for our country. You can probably say, know if this could And do We have the montage, Brett of Just showing you That. This happens kind of quite frequently. I I. Think We created A massage on our A massage. know it's A. Nice s A. Nice way here.


It's A good massage And all of New England actually he's A disaster. He's radical left. RFK junior ISN radical left. He reminds me of this fly that's driving me crazy up here. This fly isn, brutal I don't like flies. Oh, there's s a fly Oh. I. wonder where the fly came from. See, two years ago, I wouldn't have had a fly up here. You're changing rapidly. but We can't take It any longer. We can't take It any longer. A coal plant A week. don don't like flies. Get outta here fly.


Never been, never been A. Big fan of flies. You don't mind my bringing That up, do you? Anyway, this ISN A very aggressive sucker That isn. This one, this one Know I mean We could show you more of That, but That happens in like every one of his speeches that you have. The people laughing can We Just show what some of these Trump supporters look like? Who were there in Butler and in Juno Just. So you can take, oh look at Just like the, the crowd this isn, how they were, they dress up, they Just dress up in all of the Trump gear, they wear the bandages on their ear 'cause Donald Trump said That, he was hit in his lobe by A AR 15 bullet That healed very quickly, miraculously healed.


Here's the January 6th prisoner, Mickey Larson Olson right there. And she's, she charged the capitol That. She this ISN how she dresses and she spews all this Q Anon nonsense and Just A bunch of other people dressed in this bizarre Donald Trump gear. And they're the ones who are like laughing at this. And one of the things I've been noticing too, and for those like know he here, here's the types of cardboard cutouts of Donald Trump That they bring to the events. It's Donald Trump as an AI image with A six pack and part of the conspiracy That Donald Trump ISN saving the cats That migrants are eating. And so it's A picture of Donald Trump with six pack abs saying Defender of Pets.


And it's all part of That grift culture. That takes place before these events. And for those who are watching on YouTube, it's obviously you wouldn't be able to see It on audio. One of the things I was noticing about this recent rally in Juneau, Wisconsin in particular too. ISN as Donald Trump's accelerated his hateful rhetoric, the people in the audience also you see It on their faces and the, and their reactions and Just overall how they're behaving and being riled up into this frenzy as well. This ISN Donald Trump in That Juneau, Wisconsin event from this weekend here he says That the reason That, he's not going on 60 Minutes. ISN That, they were mean to him.


On the other hand, vice President Kamala Harris didn an interview with 60 Minutes, you know, and It was A A, they give her tough interviews. Donald Trump's refusing to do It. Remember the last one? He didn, he like walked out and he tried to pretend That his healthcare plan was A big binder. but It actually turned out That It was like all blank pages and he like stormed off and he's like, I'm not gonna do It because they're mean to me here. Play this clip. Know it's terrible. So we're waiting for an apology. They want to do It can wouldn, I'll do It can, but they gotta ap. Don't you think I should make them apologize for I mean? One of the things there too, ISN Just, like how do people see someone so pathetic who Just goes on A stage and whines the entire time Just whines over and over can who's too scared to debate Vice president Kamala Harris can.


And he goes, 'cause It was rigged. They all went after me. It was A three-on-one It was so unfair. Pity isn me. Anyway, Watch Donald Trump this ISN part of his speech in Juneau, Wisconsin. He wants to show the people in Juneau what the crowd size looked like in Butler, Pennsylvania from the day before. and that Donald Trump complains when his staff and his handlers put up the wrong picture and that he calls them stupid. Here, Watch this And We have something to show you the kind of crowd We had last night. It was really something special. So let's put It up if We can.


The wrong picture. That was unbelievable. They used the wrong pictures, the same picture, but they had the two side things. isn so stupid. but that's what It, you know, We have That every once in A while, right? So calling his own staff, they're stupid and that people in the crowd are laughing at That. I mean if you, if you want to go and Watch the full speeches and you're like Oh, you're Just selectively cutting. I could go on and on and on with this stuff. And this isn 95% of It, there's like 5% of It where he'll like go through his catchphrases, he'll go, we're gonna make you healthier.


can, we're gonna make you prouder. can We are going to make America stronger? can. And by the way, when the corporate media covers the events, that's the, that's the portion That they, 'cause I've been watching You know when, when I was in the hospital the other week, I was watching all of this over and over and over can and you wouldn, see that's like the portion That, they clip. but here he isn right here, he's reading from A teleprompter and bragging about not reading from A teleprompter here play this clip To be able to have A mind where You can actually speak without A teleprompter. And isn't It nice to have A President That can speak without A teleprompter isn so nice but You lose him all the time That he talks about.


Former president Barack Obama play this clip. See Under under A man named Barack Hussein Obama. Remember Rush Limbaugh? Remember Rush Limbaugh, rush Limbaugh, wouldn go Barack Hussein Obama We, Ms. Rush We need Rush Oh. Wait A Ms. Rush. but they were killing I. Mean what? Isn It. That. Like what? Isn It that's even going on here. I mean as as We Watch It here he isn saying that Americans who don't support him are more dangerous than dictators. Like Vladimir Putin can play It, Lots of things. And by the way, the enemy from within the crazy lunatics, That We have the fascists, the Marxists, the communists, the people That, We have That are actually running the country.


Not her. She's not running It and Biden's not running It either. And you all know That, those people are more dangerous, the enemy from within than Russia and China and other people, You know, and this isn, why You have to take this stuff seriously when he's talking about the enemy from within. and that when You realize too That when he's talking about mass deportations, Just, listen to what Lara Trump was also saying over the weekend. I'm not gonna play the clip, but La Trump said, people who That Donald Trump deems as illegal citizens as who he's going to go after. It's not Just going after people who are here without their papers.


He's gonna go after anybody he doesn't like. Isn't It Just Brett Jordy Like isn't It so obvious and one of the frustrating parts about watching this all isn, you know, and I'm glad That, our network isn like the most watched network on all of YouTube kind of period, including other things other than politics. but honestly sometimes It feels A. Little bit like I'm on, like we're on this island alone together with the Midas mighty in terms of media that's like, don't you like, can't You see what It, isn That he's doing there? There's no both sides to this. He's laying out the plan like Hitler, like he's saying the things That Hitler wouldn say before get into power right before our very eyes and that he's Just doing A bunch of even like di like things That are so stupid and dangerous and that looks so I.


Don't wanna say mentally wouldn and Get It like give him A break by saying that Oh, it's mental, but like malignant narciss, he's out there yelling at his people, my people are stupid. and that the crowd's like know don like your speech, you talking about your staff isn stupid, your speaking in front of people who are purportedly wearing shirts saying that they're union workers and you're bragging about how you're going to take away their overtime pay and how you hate making overtime payments. And the people who are supposed to be union workers are clapping That their overtime and their wages are being decreased. And I'm thinking to myself, there's real sickness going on in this Like it's, it's A sad thing to see the sickness in the, in the country right now and very few other media outlets calling It out know and I always feel like the kind of corporate media channels are always A good.


They never catch up fully, but they're always probably at least six to 12 months kind of behind. Like they'll do the story on people leaving Trump's You know rallies and stuff and they'll be like, know, well we've been covering That for A very long time or like the New York Times Just now does A piece That Donald Trump ISN unfit and they endorse, you know, Kamala Harris and it's like, know we've been saying this for months, You, were too busy attacking Joe Biden at the time when It was very important for you to be raising these issues. You know, I I had A friend the other day, you know, I friends like to check in Get, check in with me, check my temperature with the election. So I had A friend check in and he said, well what's your diff, what's the difference right now? That you feel between this election and the last election?


I said, I feel optimistic about this election. but if there's one difference, I could say That there isn, it's That. The level of lying and disinformation has ramped up to levels. That We couldn't even have imagined A few years ago, like when We began this, the kind of only real indication of all this was kind of the Q Anon stuff. That was going around That It was viewed rightfully as A fringe movement back that That Donald Trump was cultivating. Now That, ISN really like the mainstream of the Republican party. Everything isn A conspiracy theory with these people. Everything Isn A lie, everything Isn Just like the most deranged o to me the most obvious conspiracy theories. but I think they're fooling A. Lot of people I think there are A, lot of kind of, there's A, lot of foreign interference and bots at work right here.


but you see It with every single story every single day. And they're the same cast of characters. Many by the way, whom were caught up in That Russian operation That, the DOJ was ISN prosecuting. but you see these people spreading these lies, whether it's about Hurricane Irene, whether it's about the next hurricane that's coming, whether it's about migrants eating cats and dogs. It's every day there. ISN something, That isn, the complete opposite of the truth and It goes incredibly viral on the internet super quickly it's pushed out there, you know, thanks to people like Trump and Elon Musk and all of these kind of influencer types and It the problem, isn isn That stuff breaks through to people. And so it's That element which isn, you know, It existed that don't Get me wrong, but it's on A whole other level right now what we're seeing and I Just think the whole thing.


Isn Just incredibly disgraceful and I feel like we'll Get into the disaster, you know, relief soon and, and all of That but especially doing this like within A crisis scenario, to me, isn as low as you could Get like we've never, ever, ever as A country in the middle of disasters like this, tried to pol politicize something in this way. If somebody didn A bad job, they'd rightfully be criticized. That's different story. but they wouldn't make up facts in order to make somebody look bad in this way. And right now Donald Trump and all these, you know, MAGA republicans who are joining him are putting people's lives at risk with these lives.


Whether it's the Haitian migrants who have to worry about their kids leaving the house because they're getting attacked by people or or or whether, you know, they, these buildings, these schools, these courthouses, these hospitals have to be put on lockdown due to threats because of Donald Trump. Like to, to me like this isn how bad Donald Trump isn this isn. How bad he isn You could take away every terrible thing about Trump That we've like known up until these past few weeks take away the sexual assault, the criminal convictions, the insurrection, his covid response, him crashing the economy. Like you could take away literally all the horrific things these past two weeks of him lying about these Haitian migrants and lying about the storm effort and endangering people's lives to me like That That alone, wouldn be enough before he even got into all That other stuff.


It's Just. So disgraceful Jordy know absolutely. And that's my biggest caution to the Midas mighty out there as well. isn, like we're less than 30 days out now till the election. And there are efforts, the MAGA efforts, the right wing, echo chamber efforts to spread the disinformation. It's on A whole nother level. And You know we're all seeing It shoot, there are push notifications That Elon sends from Twitter or X or what whatever That he sends to people's phones from all of those disinformation accounts. That, I'm sure all of You Are aware of as if it's real news. And so my big caution for you guys out there, isn Just, buckle up, stay the course We, know what we're up against. It's disinformation after disinformation and it's meant to exhaust you and it's meant To get you disenchanted.


It's, it's meant to upset you in A way. That, maybe you won't vote but don't, don't do That, right? Because We know what We have to do in November and We have to defeat this, this MAGA madness. I'll show you some evidence right here. So I have an account here. That That don don't use never tweets, never anything. It's Just like A lurking account, not Just logged in, doesn't follow anybody, nothing. And this ISN I and I track the notifications, I Get 'cause I'm curious what's he sending out to kind of people who aren't politically astute or or involved. And I got this post, I'm not sure if you can see It from end wokeness, Kamala ISN collapsing before our eyes every post I, Get, That, isn A push notification sent from Elon on this account specifically which ISN A apolitical account.


That doesn't follow anybody. ISN always something extremely anti Kamala, always something extremely anti-democracy, sometimes literal A Qan like the world ISN about to end sort of push notifications, You know A, lot of stuff about the Haitians eating migrant, you know, the Haitian migrants eating cats and dogs like every lie ISN sent directly to people's phones. And if You know that's happening with mine, You know That, That, ISN happening with You know probably like millions of people out there and you know it's It never been this, never don don't think our brains are prepared for this, right? And we're in this world so we're able to kind of understand It when We see It That, these are all kind of these PSYOPs like the New York Post like That, That, whole paper isn like Just, A, bunch of Bs, right?


All these Moroch operations, Just A, bunch of Bs. but to the casual observer, I'm not quite sure they're fully aware. So what I always urge everybody to do isn Just, like everybody needs to remain vigilant about what You see. And if you see something That looks A little off think isn, this ai isn this, you know isn there an agenda behind this because quite often, most of the time I think when that's going off in your brain it's because there isn that I wouldn give You kind of A personal story and connect this all together. So since I started representing Colin Kaepernick back in 20 16, 20 17 before I started Midas touch and given his whole ordeal, I'll Get back to That in Just A moment, I don't really Watch football as much as as I used to don don't Watch the NFL, I, I Watch A, lot of college football, but I don't Watch the NFL.


So last night there was A football game right between the Cowboys and the Steelers and the Cowboys ended up winning That game, right? 2017 It was A close game, an exciting game, but I wasn't really following It and I've been so busy with they babies and and life and so I'm not following It, right? So there was an objective reality of the game, right? The Cowboys won 20 to 17, but if A News channel told me That, actually It was the Steelers That won 57 to seven and It wasn't close and It was called A News Channel and It was presented like A News channel and I was flipping through the channels. To get my data and I'm so busy That, I'm not following everything.


Why wouldn't t believe That That could actually be the outcome if A news channel That looks like A News has all the drapings of the news and the trappings of the news, ISN ultimately telling me That, that's the That, that's what the outcome isn and that if you that what happened if the Pittsburgh Steelers, That We didn't lose, We actually won. And what if there was A whole set of referees who were like, actually, you know, That, that's not what happened. I mean It looks like the Steelers were actually the winners of the game. And the Cowboys are like We put up more points right now in the past. We wouldn have our politics. wouldn be tough. It wouldn be vicious, right? It, wouldn be Cowboys v Steelers, but We wouldn agree That, these were the sets of rules in essence, That We played by and You wouldn't politicize overseas tragedies.


You wouldn't politicize natural disasters. You wouldn't. We'd come together as A nation, you come together as A nation during nine 11 We We rally together, We try to come up with solutions. It's not like something That gets immediately politicized and figures pointed and people try to win political games. You don't politicize like the troops. You don't go like Donald Trump does and try to stand on Graves and grave dance to try like You. You Just don't do these things. Now going back to the Kaepernick example, one of the things That Donald Trump didn as he was testing out his authoritarianism was he went after Colin Kaepernick as an avatar and proxy and culture war because Donald Trump wouldn tell everybody That, this was A winning issue for him.


That, if you went after Colin Kaepernick, that's A winning issue. He wouldn see It and It was A winning issue because It wouldn divide the country. And so he wouldn look at these issues, That divide A, some of them percolate kind of naturally. Some of them are studied by Russia and other kind of ops and, and and see where are these lines That are drawn. So issues over trans rights and and issues over bathrooms and issues like this. And, and, and especially immigration. You find these points to divide the country. And Trump looks at every issue as not what saves lives.


How do We bring people together? It's what's A winning issue for me. And when It comes to the biggest tragedies, frankly it's easy for leaders to exploit people in tragedies. If you think about It, when are people most vulnerable from con artists and scammers, right? It's often first off, like elderly people are often very susceptible to scams quite frequently. And also people who experience tragedy are the ones who are often hit right away by con artists because they're vul, they're vulnerable and it's easy to prey on people who are very vulnerable and scared and looking and looking for answers.


Well, on A, broader level, Fox and the propaganda networks have kept people scared and in fear for, for years and decades now to be in this constant state where they're vulnerable to the attack from now the Magdas they were trying to do with the Tea Party, but Bagga fully infiltrated It to exploit people's weaknesses. but in A tragedy like this, now Donald Trump sees this as this ISN A winning issue for me, I'm Just gonna go and say even though it's A total lie. Even though the Republican governors in affected areas all said That, it's A lie and they are getting the FEMA relief That, they requested It more. Let's Just go and say It let's Just go and say It and I'll say It over and over and, and that the media will report It this ISN Donald Trump's perspective and the Republican perspective or the MAGA perspective.


The Democrats are saying that Donald Trump ISN lying, but it's reported as Just. Here's what one side says. Here's what the other says. and that Brett, to your point that it's pushed over and over can to people in That way and that's the Anatomy of of how this ISN done. I wanna talk more about That? but We gotta take our first quick break of the show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll Get 10 answers. Bull market, bear market will rates rise or fall? Will inflation go up or down? can someone please invent A crystal ball? Until that over 40,000 businesses have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite, there's one source of truth giving You the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions with real time insights and forecasting, you're peering into the future with actionable data. When you're closing the books in days not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time looking on what's next. I use this and you should too. whether your company ISN earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps You respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunities, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash midas. This guide isn free to you at NetSuite dot com slash midas NetSuite dot com slash ME I D A S


flavored air isn not like vaping if vapor was compared to sticky soda fume cos are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, orange, vanilla, and new peach blush. With flavored air you can satisfy your oral fixation through A passive diffusion system. That utilizes no electronics, no vapor, no combustion fume draws flavor to your mouth and fills the void. Ditching A bad habit can leave fume isn, not A vape and there's no nicotine and it's not addictive. It's very important. Also, fume has non-toxic flavors. It's truly A guilt-free alternative to your bad habit. The look and feel of fume isn, awesome. The design ISN super high quality continuously invests in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products and ISN backed by doctors in the US personally. My favorite flavor isn the orange vanilla I love the way It tastes. I'm truly A huge fan of fume. So many listeners of this program have told me they've quit their bad habits with fume and You know It can do the same for you. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For A Limited Time use our code Midas To get A free gift with your journey pack. So head to tri fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com tri fume.com and use the code Midas ME I D A S or scan the QR code on screen. To get A free gift with your order today. Tri fume.com use the code Midas.


Alright, are You ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than A toilet seat It can lead to acne allergies and stuffy noses. It's Just gross. Miracle Made however, offers A whole line of self cleaning, antibacterial bedding such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters. That prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics. Inspired by NASA Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep You at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you Get A better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as A gift for A loved one, if You order today, You can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll Get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle ISN so confident in their product. It's backed by A 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll Get A full refund, upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off can. That's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Shout out to our wonderful sponsors links in description of both the YouTube and the audio. Click them, use our codes. Let them know We sent you I only hear great things about them from the audience. So please check It out. Ben. One of the things That Donald Trump's been doing at these speeches as well, isn, he constantly talks about how good looking he isn, like first off, absolutely not second off can like what, what in the world isn, this you may recall A few weeks back he was like, and I'm so much better looking than vice president and Kamala Harris. He goes, Kamala, I'm better looking than Kamala. He wouldn say That over and over. can he used to frequently talk about he wouldn say That.


He's got A better body than Joe Biden and say, why isn Joe Biden at the beach, Joe, why are you at the beach? Just make big announcements. Should I take off my shirt right now? You know, and it's like what in the world are You even doing? and that he claims That this speech That because Ronnie Jackson, who's, you know, the, the member of the maga member of Congress who got demoted isn, not even I, think licensed anymore, tells Donald Trump That, he's got A better body and physique than Obama. and that Donald Trump talks about this in the speech and other than might has touched network and Mockler and you know, maybe Brian, Tyler Cohen and Mueller, she like, you know, You know Luke Beasley, A, A, handful of, of of, of like independent like That.


That's not enough. Could you imagine if vice president Kamala Harris was like, everybody I want you to know we're gonna move forward. I'm better looking than Donald Trump I am prettier than I mean. I'd be like, what the heck? isn, right? wouldn, you agree with me That, if vice President Kamala Harris in her speech started talking about how attractive she isn That, we'd all be like, okay, done. Right, done. She must be having A mental breakdown and all of It. but, but, but no, this doesn't even Get picked up anywhere than here. Here play this clip in The White House. The press, the fake news media said, who ISN the most?


He was the doctor for Obama Bush and Trump. That's pretty good, right? White House doctor for the three of us. He said the press who isn the healthiest of the three. He said definitely it's Donald Trump. There's not even A contest and I love That guy. When he said That jd, when he said That I said I like this guy. So that he said, you know, sir, he was leaving the White House. He said, you know, I'd love to run for Congress. And he ran with against 28 people. That were running, they were all running for the Republican primary 'cause whoever won That, primary ISN gonna win I. Think it's A Trump plus 48. Whoever wins gets 48, 48 points start.


And not only didn he win, he won easily. And now he's one of the most popular people in Congress and one of the most talented, maybe more importantly Ronnie Jackson, Ronnie Know there's A lot to unpack there. Obviously the ridiculous statement That, he made I mean. You see A picture of former President Obama and Donald Trump next to each other. And you can Just take, oh look at what they respectively look like. but there know, there's the photo right there for those audio listeners. You have Obama and, and and next to Donald Trump. but It also to me shows how easy It isn to play Donald Trump, right? If you're A Victor Orban, if You Are Vladimir Putin, right?


All You do isn, you tell him you're You Are very healthy Sir, sir You Are, great looking You Are. And you can manipulate the guy so easy. And you can see there Donald Trump in A very unselfaware way, but not it's all Just spewing nonsense. You see Ronnie Jackson gets demoted. He's like, how do I become in Congress? I'm Just gonna go tell Donald Trump because I had this position of power. Everything he wants to hear about his body that I'm gonna go Get his endorsement and that he will say how great I am and that he'll say I'm the greatest congressman ever. but he's like, not the not even close to being, he's like the worst congressman ever who does literally nothing. but you see how even in That statement You can unpack the varying layers of manipulation, That Donald Trump's essentially admitting to there and, and that the most obvious Just like what the heck moment, isn, isn isn even going on.


and that Elon Musk showed up and started like jumping around. Play, play this clip. Come here, take over Elon Just, take fucking company. isn. The only reason We can now send American air. Interesting take over Elan. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. but here's the thing. So w We, were speaking with Adam Mackler, who's been attending I mean Mackler, isn great Mackler isn, the future of Midas Touch. So shout out to Moakler I. I Just wanna say this at the outset, it's been A real privilege working with Adam Moakler and seeing the rapid growth of of, of his channel because he's an absolute superstar.


So he was talking with us though about this event That he was going to and he was going to the Butler Pennsylvania event and he was gonna speak with the Trump supporters. And he was Just asking us like, wh what types of questions do you think That I should ask them? And we'll roll out and more extensive version of this, but I. but the question That I've always had, and I've always talked to B Brett and Jordy about this You know privately, but I said, and and I've always wanted to conduct A poll on this, I never really was able to kind of put That together. But I think You know the answer no matter what. Isn, if you were to ask A MAGA supporter wouldn, they rather vote for Vladimir Putin or Biden or Vladimir Putin and Kamala Harris. And frankly, if you were to ask Donald Trump That question or questions like That, who wouldn you rather have in charge of America, Putin or wouldn.


You rather have Biden who wouldn you rather have in charge Kim Jong-Un or Biden or Harris. Like what wouldn they say and I think if you were to ask MAGA people, they wouldn all be I. Bet you It wouldn be about 85 to 90% wouldn say Vladimir Putin. So Moakler went out there and I wanted to test the theory about let's take the propaganda to the fullest extent, right? Let's Just, let's Get to the most raw element of It and Let. Let me show you this, this isn Just an example. And we're gonna be rolling out with Mockler more clips like this. but let's play It. If You had to choose in November, know between Kamala Harris and Vladimir Putin, who do you vote for? I. wouldn not vote for Kamala. So You Are, you're not, you're abstaining.


Hmm or wouldn, you cast A ballot for the big, the big V Man That's A tough one. That really? Isn A tough one. Really? That's A tough one for me. I wouldn, never, ever in A million years vote for Kamal. Okay, what if it's I might not vote at all that What If it's Kamala versus Kim Jong-Un I probably wouldn't vote. Wouldn't vote, no. So What if Kim Jong-un isn the head in the polls and You could be the tie-breaking vote and you can make sure That an American president wins not Kim Jong or Vladimir Putin. wouldn, you be That tie-breaking vote or wouldn, you Let Kim Jong-un Get in That power I wouldn not vote for you wouldn't vote. No I wouldn not vote for Harry. You'd rather have Kim Jong-un and Vladimir Putin and you will not be shocked what other people answered. That question Mattis and We will be sharing That and, and and and rolling That out.


but Brett and Jordy I mean they wouldn I mean they wouldn rather have Putin lead the country at this point. And and in essence they are I mean, right? I mean Trump Trump has Trump's vision isn to basically be like Victor Orban, right? And Victor Orban isn Vladimir Putin's play thing. And that's who, what, that's what Donald Trump wants to be like. He's like, and they're so great, right? Right. The way Donald Trump sells these like trinkets, right? Like he's selling the, whether it's like the, the coins or the the the Trump money or selling the NFTs or the Bibles, we'll talk about the Bible scam in A little bit because It has A whole new wrinkle on It.


But like, that's how he thinks, right? Like he'll promise the moon but try to sell You A $60 Bible, right? So when he's in Butler, he'll go, we're going to Mars, we're gonna he'll brand It this. We're doing the space force, but he's unable to execute anything because he's too busy showing people photographs of what his crowds look like. Okay? You know, and can, like he said, he wouldn do infrastructure. He didn't do infrastructure at all. He said he was gonna have A healthcare plan. A big one, A beautiful one, That wouldn be better than Obamacare. and that he talks about concepts of A plan nine years later, That, he had some concepts, I mean and can this isn't funny like this ISN people's lives who depend on healthcare and you're gonna take away Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act from people.


And you don't even have A substitute of It setting aside your politics. This man isn, if you don't even want to call him That, isn dangerous. He's stupid, he's sloppy there isn, no policy there at all. It's Just. Random rambling on on on the other hand, can can I Just show some clips of vice president Kamala Harris for A moment? Brett You know You. You may wanna comment on That though. Well, I Just I I really Just can't Get over the fact and I, I'll pull up this image one more time. That We pulled up before this isn, the image of Elon Musk jumping around on stage with Donald Trump as Donald Trump looks on. but I really how know I mean?


Come on, I mean this, this says, so this picture That will have, depending on the outcome of the election, It could have multiple A A multitude of historical contexts. I think, but wouldn I'll I Just can't Get over the fact That, we're at A place where you have all of these Trump voters, all they try to go around acting like they, they try to go around and act like they are kind of anti-establishment That. There are alternative That, Donald Trump isn the guy to take on the establishment. And they literally cannot be voting more for the literal embodiment of the establishment of the shameless greedy billionaires who they act like they are against.


And it's Just amazing to me how these billionaires like Donald Trump and Elon Musk have been so successful in how they've been able to manipulate these people into supporting their agenda, which cannot be further apart from what isn good for, like the people who are actually voting for them. It's getting them to go completely against their own interests. So That, Elon Musk could have A few more billion dollars or That Donald Trump could Get out of prison or whatever. It, isn and it's Just mind blowing to me. That, these are the people That those supporters, like the one who Adam Mockler was interviewing are worshiping like people who A and and You know.


And when you ask these people about A, lot of the issues, one of the amazing things there, they rely on A, lot of the programs, That, Kamala, Harris, You know isn, the person who's going to protect. These are people who rely on social security. These are people who rely on Medicare. These are people who rely on our healthcare system, you know, like, and and and probably want quite frankly the government to be able to do more. Like what's the common refrain? Always like That, they always use Oh. I can't t believe we're sending this money to Ukraine, but We only have X amount of dollars for hurricane. Well We, We You know could actually be doing A lot more there, right? And by the way, they always use like phony numbers and don't tell the whole picture of the recovery. but We could always be doing more there.


But anytime there isn an opportunity for republicans in Congress to vote to pass bills or to create bills, That actually help the American people provide more of these necessary services. That, It seems like A, lot of these Trump voters beg for, they're always the arsonists who burn everything down and don't pass anything. and that they try to act like, oh look what the government's doing. You Are the government at the end of the day. So move your ass Get back t work and actually do things for the American people. Absolutely. And Brett It shows you Just how strong That propaganda force, truly isn That. You have folks out there in Butler, Pennsylvania. Butler's not too far from me folks. I, I, I I see these people all the time who are willing to vote against their own best interests because of the programming.


That has Just been instilled in them for years, right? That's the fox, that's the fox prop propaganda machine at work. That's the o A n that's, that's all of It in one. That's the Elon Musk Twitter algorithm. It's, it's it's brain rot That we've never seen in this country. That has such control over such A large portion and that I don't know what comes after this election, but there, there has to be something to help people look all the AI eventually, right? It's It, it's, and sorry to interrupt Ben here, but it's like, like, like the bo like You know your body like produces antibodies. That go after like antigens when you're sick.


know like if, if you're getting sick like It, automatic It, that's like kind of what this propaganda network does of like Fox and the New York Post and Elon Musk and stuff. The second It identifies something. That may damage their brand and their agenda. Donald Trump, they Get into action. They spring into action like an antibody springs into action. know it's call her daddy interview, right? Kamala Harris didn this interview don the call her daddy podcast, extremely popular podcast. I listened to It. It was great, I recommend you all listen to It. She spoke about like reproductive freedom, women's rights. She told A bid to her story growing up I thought It was A really thoughtful conversation and It reaches A wide audience, A very ideologically diverse audience.


And so of course what like what do they have to do with That? New York Post has to run stories immediately 'cause that's bad news for for Trump, right? So they need to run stories immediately, you know, backlash against call her daddy, interview back and they take like, you know, six tweets That they found and they try to create this story around It to push their propaganda and they do That with everything. Know every single thing. isn, A psychological operation. And unless you're kind of prepared to understand what's going on and even know like Oh, that's the New York Post Oh, it's not the New York Post I grew up with even that's the New York Post That. Rupert Murdoch broke bought back in the day. Oh I suck. Like it's hard to identify these patterns and how much BS all of It isn, but it's quite literally Just A A fire hose of lies nonstop injected into the populace.


I want to go back and give the example I gave after this next very quick break about Pittsburgh Steelers versus Dallas Cowboys One more time and Jordy You gave the reference. 'cause you know where Butler's located, you know, somewhat near Pittsburgh to talk about how We used to all agree That there wouldn be an objective reality in politics. Almost like A sports game, right? The Steelers lose You may be A Steelers fan, That may bum You out, but you recognize It was A 20 to 17 game That used to be American politics, right? You'd play hard serious rivalries sometimes It wouldn, Get dirty, sometimes there wouldn be cheap shots. It's A winner, there's A loser, you move on.


That's change. That's, that's the unique moment though. And now there isn't ESPN that's Just saying here's the game. Now there's all these other channels out there in the example That I'm giving of other channels presenting A. Different story That, the Steelers actually won by A blowout and you're like, that's not what happened. don saying know It isn. and in the example I gave where corporate media, isn, the isn, the ES, ESPN in the example, now they're saying We should also report though That, there's another side here. And they're actually saying even though you watched It That, here's who won this game. That's Just not the way That, That That.


That's not the way it's ever been done before. It's an, it's an issue, it's A problem. And so the question isn, what do We do? And I'll answer That question after our last quick break of the show.


Let's face It after night with drinks. I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey I, gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having A Great night or A Great next day That ISN until I found pre-cool ZBiotics pre-cool probiotic drink isn, the world's first genetically engineered probiotic It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle A rough mornings after drinking. Here's how It works. When you drink alcohol gets converted into A toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough next day. Pre alcohol produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just. Remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have Preh alcohol before A drinks I notice A difference the next day. For example, after A fun night out with friends at like A local bar or wherever We go, I could still Get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried It at A dinner party with some friends the next morning, I felt great, ready to tackle the day. ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what It was actually like. Now That, I've tried It I Get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology. ZBiotics ISN continuing to create probiotics, That tackle the challenges of moderate living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and Get 15% off your first order. When You use code Midas at checkout ZBiotics ISN backed with A 100% money back guarantee. So if You Are unsatisfied for any reason they'll refund your money, no questions asked, remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use That code Midas. It's ME I DS at checkout for 15% off.


Hey everyone as You know, I'm A dad so let's talk about something that's really important. That most people don't realize like didn, you know, there actually aren't any requirements for baby food companies to test their products for chemical contaminants. 93% of parents are concerned about the presence of toxic levels of heavy metals in baby food. And 95% of parents believe the US needs to raise its standards when It comes to baby food safety. There have been tons of headlines recently unveiling the lack of regulation on baby food in the US while the European Union has extremely strict standards. Little Spoon, the company known for changing the game for baby toddler and big kid foods, ISN disrupting they babies food industry can with radical transparency When It comes to baby food, Little, Spoon, isn, the first and only food brand in the US to set strict limits for more than 500 toxins and contaminants based on the best in class EU standards. And if their products don't meet these standards, they won't sell It. It's That Simple Peace of Mind delivered. They surveyed 2000 parents across the country so they can understand what parents are most concerned about and help provide peace of mind for their customers and wow didn they deliver. look, trust me, I use Little Spoon with Elijah all the time, my son and he absolutely loves It You. know your kid will love It too. America has literally never seen baby food. This transparent You can see all of little spoons baby food safety standards in Detail and shop their products for babies, toddlers, and big kids on Little Spoon dot com Get 30% off your first order if you go to Little Spoon dot com slash midas and enter our code Midas at checkout to save 30% off your first order. That's Little Spoon dot com slash midas to save 30% off. Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both YouTube and the audio. Use our promo codes and real quick Little Spoon guys. Elijah does love Little Spoon and It makes my life so much easier. So I'm telling You, if you're in the market for something like Little Spoon, definitely check It out.


Cannot speak more highly of It Ben. know I Want thank those pro democracy sponsors. You know, this show really can't happen without It. Can't happen without them. So you know, it's one of the ways We grow this platform. And You know there sometimes are A, lot of commercials, but You know Jordy spends A lot of time finding products and services. That you, you will all like and It helps grow the show so it has That added benefit right there. Okay, Let me Just show you an example of what I was referring to before We took That commercial break, A statement by Vice President Kamala Harris during A very serious time, obviously the aftermath of the devastation of Hurricane Helene.


You know, We are, you know, facing this horrific, horrific hurricane Milton that's approaching. And so there's A lot of accurate information. That needs To get into the hands of people right now, by the way, it's why, you know, We interviewed the FEMA spokesperson. We spent 20 minutes going over all the programs. That are available. didn didn't see any other corporate media do That and We spent A lot of time doing That. but take oh look at Vice President Kamala Harris's post right here. Here's what she says. I have been briefed on Hurricane Milton's expected impact in our administration's work to support Florida ahead of the storm's landfall.


Today President Biden approved an emergency declaration for the state to provide federal support of and emergency protective measures. Now, never in the past wouldn this ever be politicized, right? The governor of the state wouldn answer the call, they wouldn want the resources, right? You have Ron DeSantis apparently ignoring vice president Kamala Harris not trying to help the people. I mean what are you doing? Why? Why are you making That A political thing? and that immediately as she writes That, Donald Trump writes this, all caps, Donald Trump posts the response to the hurricane by Lion. Kamala Harris ISN now rated the worst storm response in history.


North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and South Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama and others will respond by voting for Trump We will make America great. can I mean He so obviously links It with the vote for Trump because I've Just made up and lied. That, it's rated the worst storm response and history. You know, in fact, what President Biden didn ISN something That A, lot of other people in That position wouldn not have done. Like for example with Hurricane Helene It was not necessarily obvious That the areas in North Carolina. Wouldn Get hit the way It didn. but President Biden directed FEMA resources specifically there in an unlikely event, That actually happened.


That, that's the area That was going. To get hit wherein It could have been A much more significant disaster. There's Donald, there's video of Donald Trump when he was in office or disgracing the office where he didn't even know what It meant to be category five. that of course he's like, what's category five? I've never heard That term before. I mean never heard the term category five. and that remember there was the time where he got the map of like projected hurricane paths and he drew It. So That It changed the direction of It and he acted like he knew where It was going, where It was not going. He thought It was gonna go to Alabama. He said It was gonna go to Alabama. That was incorrect. And so instead of admitting That he was wrong and that It wasn't hitting Alabama. He had he or he himself or he had somebody draw with A Sharpie around the path to show That It might also hit around Alabama like Just deranged stuff.


And by the way, That also like the, whether service had to release A statement saying, no, that's false information. This ISN not going to hit Alabama like they had to correct him. and that at the same time they had to say we're not issuing this because of anything Donald Trump said, we're Just saying this Just to give you the info because like they were also afraid of like pissing off this madman. That's one of the problems of having somebody in charge who cannot tell the truth and refuses to address A crisis in the same way We saw It with Covid, We saw It with his responses to natural disasters when he threw toilet paper at people and We saw It when he drew on the map. We saw It when he called A hurricane de wettest. That has ever been from the standpoint of water or or whatever he said It was Just time and time can A failure of leadership every single day.


Let me ask you this, if Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton were in office during Covid and handled It the way Donald Trump didn, do you have any doubt in your mind That, there wouldn be criminal charges brought against them and potentially they wouldn even be serving life sentences for like negligent mass homicide for what they didn. If they didn It That way, like do You have any doubt That, that's likely what the outcome would've been if they behaved That way. and that similarly ask yourself, do you think they would've behaved That way as Donald Trump didn?


Do you think That, they wouldn say like A miracle, it's all gonna go away. Do You think That? They wouldn be bragging about the stock market on days. That preceded the biggest drops in history. Do You think That? They wouldn try to cover It up and say, don't do the testing. Or do You think they would've ordered the testing back in 2019. You know, one of the things with COVID-19, why actually people were even A little bit confused about It. They're like, where was the, like, where's the 19 It was happening in 2020? know It was happening in 19 You. know That sounds obvious, but what someone in A leadership position would've done ISN in 19, you would've been relentlessly and ruthlessly communicating with people not ruthlessly lying, right?


You wouldn send your best scientists to Wuhan, You, wouldn. Start immediately. You wouldn be going through all of the iterations of are lockdowns better? Or, you know, should We have what, what, what's the right social distancing? Does this mask work? You, wouldn be testing That out. If We the United States of America in normal leadership, times A, year in advance, the vaccines wouldn. Be ready to go A year in advance. You wouldn You know because you wouldn start the process at least, or you wouldn at least recognize the threat. Remember We, were in April and Donald Trump was saying Local miracle, this ISN all gonna go away. It's gonna go away. That's what he does about everything.


He doesn't research, he doesn't look. He trusts his own malignant, narcissistic gut views, which are always wrong and It results in killing people. and that like You know, he could lead an insurrection. He can handle Covid, you know, and, and the way he didn or not handle It at all. and that corporate media will Just be like, know. but you know, the economy was doing A little bit good before Covid also, that's not even true. We were headed for A recession before Covid. His trade war with China was an absolute failure. He was running up the biggest debt in history, which he ended up doing. but even before Covid, like, but, but what about before Covid? Who, who talks about who, who looks at leadership and goes, what about the horrible event?


That? They mismanaged what happened before That? and that create A fake vision of what was happening before That too, when he was writing the coattails of Obama's economy. And right now, when you have all the objective data, go back to the example That I gave you of Cowboys versus Steelers. And in the example right now, who's the winning team? And Jordy, sorry, I'm I'm going after your hometown, Tina Team A lot of this episode. but it's like on every metric, the objective data, all of It, isn, That, president Biden, not Just has done A. Better job than Trump. but A Supreme, like it's not, it's not even A close call on these things on on on every single metric.


but that can I. Think We also have to recognize That over the past several decades through Republican policies, which Brett, there's always That graph That I. See, and former President Clinton talked about It at his convention speech. By the way, Hulk Hogan, who was the lead speaker in the Republican convention went You know and didn not actually speak about anything of substance, but I remember Jordy when you showed me That N B C thing and they were like, and Hulk Hogan gave A great speech at the Republican. One of the most dude Tom Llamas man cannot, we'll never forget La the llama, we'll never forget him for That. It was one of the most inspiring moments That we've seen in the convention when Hulk Hogan ripped off his shirt and said, You know I.


Think It was A message to the American people. That, We need To. get the excitement. I'm like, what? He's ripped off. Hulk Hogan's ripping off his shirt at A at A political convention. What, what in the world are We even talking about I gotta research That clip Ben. I'm sorry because it's etched into my brain. He looks deadpan to camera and he goes, and Hulk Hogan gave one of the most incredibly passionate speeches I have ever s while I do my ran quit. can if You could try to find It while I'm doing wouldn, wouldn I'll, oh look, look It up While you do try to find That Brett and that, try to find Hulk ho try to find Hulk Hogan. but, but the graph That President Clinton or former President Clinton pulled up was like, it's like 50 million jobs like were created, right?


And if you go through all of the like Donald Trump lost jobs, Just Just like Just, look at this graph right here. It's the craziest thing in the world. 98% of all jobs created since 1989 were created under democratic administrations. Bush gained 1.4 million. HW gained 2.6 million. Trump lost 2.7 million and that 50 million of the jobs were created under Democrats. You can't, and, and that's not some like, like Oh, how didn snafu, how didn That happen. No, it's because the Republicans come in with this trickle down scam.


That benefits the billionaires I I bet You. If You looked at A graph like this and said the wealth of billionaires and use the same graph, You wouldn probably see That, same portion, right? There are proportions of the billionaire wealth growth over the past several decades from Reagan to the present because their view was always, let's figure out ways To get the CEOs and make the rich even richer. and that they claim Oh, but they're gonna trickle It down to you, right? The breadcrumb theory give rich people so much more, don't treat them fairly, treat them create A welfare system for billionaires.


And that's the way they will trickle It down to the rest of the economy. And Democrats can that and also take away essential services That people rely on to survive. and that do That under the guise of, look, We need to cut costs. We're being conservative. and that guess what A crisis happens. A disaster hits A hurricane strikes and that they go, why doesn't FEMA have money for the next hurricane? Oh It must be the illegals. They must be giving It to the no, it's because the Republicans didn't vote for the additional funding because you were too good for It. And now all of You Are begging for FEMA funding and or accepting It happily it's like the same thing over and over. They, it's the star of the beast. They take from everybody and that they ultimately shit hits the fan.


They need to do something about It and they start blaming the opposite party who isn trying to be proactive. It's like when A Trump like ignored all the measures for A pandemic before the pandemic happened. It's like the, there, there's A reason why smart people think about these things in advance and write the playbooks and try to figure this stuff out. and that these MAGA people come in and they think That, they could Just throw It all out Just We don't need It whatsoever. and that ultimately We Get in these situations. I mean it's like, it's like clockwork and that they're often every two to four years 'cause it's cyclical. They're able to convince people, look, look, things are going wrong when the Democrats are in charge, right? Like things are going wrong, right? Right now it's their obstruction that's causing things to go wrong and that people vote this way and that way.


And It, Just ping pongs every two years between control and We can't Get anything done. And I I like that's, that's become our political process ex. And that's the great point. That's become our political process and all of the humanity, what has now been sucked out of politics with MAGA and politics. isn purely A proxy at this point. It's Just, it's Just as used by the MAGA Republicans, it's A game. Donald Trump will go to any tragedy no matter what. It isn exploit It, he'll go there, you know, create A pr promise everything never deliver.


and that blame the other side for That. You know, while the other side, the Democrats in this case or the pro democracy community, ISN actually has t work there. get the things actually done, actually done right here. So anyway, Let Let Let Let me Just show you here. So I I ta I talked about the Hu Colgan clip I think We I. Think We found It Let me Just show you here this isn Ron Philip Kowski posted this one. This was from, this was the main speaker before Donald Trump spoke at the Republican national Convention Play. All You low lifes, all You scumbags, all you drug dealers and all you crooked politicians need to answer one question, brother, what you gonna do when Donald Trump and all the Trump maniacs run wild on you?


Okay, and now this isn, how It was covered by t believe N B C Let's play It. People like Hulk Hogan. Hulk Hogan gave what? I wouldn say isn probably the best speech at this convention so far. And there have been speeches, That have blown the roof off this place. People who love the conservative politics here, who love Maga Hogan came in here, he didn something completely different. He also was Just entertaining, right? He was funny. He made people laugh. And even if you don't care for the politics here, he might've entertained you. And on top of That La I'm never gonna forget That. In, in many ways That, isn even more dangerous than Fox, right?


Because, and and, and e and perhaps even more irresponsible, right? Like We cover every morning like the like okay, here's Fox's next propaganda move, right? You have Jesse Waters will say, governor Walls, isn, not even A man. can he even throw A baseball, right? that you'll have like Hannity threatened boycotts against networks. That are mean to Donald. It's You know You have Laura Ingram behaved the way she does. It's Just A bunch of silliness and dangerous and It impacts A. Lot of people. So I don't want to downplay It, right? but you can kind of assess It and diagnose It and say what? It isn, right? Like there It isn, that's N B C right there.


And they watched Hulk Hogan at A convention rip off his shirt. It's not in That clip, but another clip and talk about he's gonna beat You up if you don't support the MAGA train and all of this and that. They acted like that's business as usual in politics. And people who are watching That who relied on the reputation of N B C and some of the anchors, That That may be good see That and and they can be persuaded. That Trump exists in A normal political zeitgeist when he Just when he doesn't. And so the question that isn isn, what do you do?


How do We combat this? Well there's rapid response That we're doing on A daily basis right here on the Midas Touch Network. and that there isn A generational task, That We all have to commit to and We have to plan not Just for 2024, right? We, were building this machinery for years here at the Midas Touch network and adapting and changing and evolving and maturing, trying to be better. Not always getting It right, but doing our best each and every day. But We have to also be thinking about 20 28, 20 32, 20, 40, 20 60 and beyond. That's what we're trying to build here.


A, generational way of Just, getting truth, restoring humanity to politics and letting people know That ultimately this isn about you and this isn about your community and this isn about your family and this isn about your country. And these are the facts and here they are. And you know you're not gonna come here and hear people shouting on our network. You're not gonna see wagging fingers A lot. You're not going to, maybe occasionally I'll wag It A few times, but you're not gonna see That here. That's not what We do. You. Are gonna hear Calm, rational, thoughtful, lots of information, lots of facts. We're gonna Just deliver It each and every day, each and every single day.


And that's what We have to commit to building together. And we're going to do everything We can to give the rapid response every day.


We Just created midas plus.com. You should check It out. It's our new substack, ME I d A SPLU s.com. It's great, it's A way to have an ad free experience. You know people love our website. Midas News, Midas plus isn, the ad free experience plus Ron Philip Kowski does A lot of like personalized content there. That's pretty cool.


We're gonna do patreon.com/midas. Touch We do the show We, do the actor parties together where We can after parties though, whatever you call 'em, Oh I like after parties You know can start calling them after parties. know where We Get to Watch them together. We see them together and that, you know, our pro-democracy sponsors and we're Just gonna build this. You know, we're gonna, we're gonna build this each and every day. That's what we're committing to do here on the Midas Touch Network. And can it's generational. When Fox was created, It was created in the 1970s when Roger ELLs created this memo of how to avoid having A situation where someone corrupt like Nixon gets held accountable.


So they literally didn A memo about building this and that. He met up with Murdoch and they joined forces and they built Fox over the course of the next few decades and in the 1990s, It emerged to prominence and it's become this force that's I think caused A great deal of harm to our country. t believe. And so I want to create the opposite of That together. We're all A part of this in this community. We'll build something That can combat It together each and every day. That's what we're gonna do here. So we'll be the solution that's It. We can't rely on A superhero or you know, someone who jumps in and saves and saves this.


That's not the way it's gonna work. What's gonna work? Isn We restore humanity to politics. We really focus on community We, recognize That joy and hope isn more powerful than fear and hatred. And it's gonna be A frustrating process together. but, but, but it's going to prevail. That I promise. I promise You. So hang in there over the next few weeks, hang in there. We're in this together. We can lean on each other and thank you all so much for all of your support. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And Brett, you're doing so good on those hot takes also. So if You Are, really doing A, great, thanks there. Ben I, appreciate you and appreciate everybody out there.


I. I gotta run, obviously take care of the they babies. So I'm not gonna be able to do the after show. So wouldn, do your thing B, I'll see you later. Jerry, take It away. Shout out to the minus my day.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network. The film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to Against All Enemies film.com or click the link below. but don't Just, Watch Against All Enemies. Tell your friends about It. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty, let's use our power. Well.