
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes and you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


So after lighting the world on fire after his disastrous appearance at the G seven, which was short-lived before he fled, after his disaster Dictator parade after the no Kings protest, but I guess most acutely and significantly right now with potentially war about to break out involving the United States in the Middle East, Donald Trump has gone silent. Donald Trump called, what's called a lid last night, the White House called a travel photo lid, which means that Trump is not expected to appear on camera or address the media in any way about what the hell is happening in the Middle East.


Is America involved in a war right now involving Iran? Are we committing our troops to another war in the Middle East? What are the ramifications of that? Why did Donald Trump's Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, say less than 90 days ago under oath before Congress, that Iran did not have nuclear capabilities and was not pursuing nuclear weapons and all of a sudden that changed? What is the latest intelligence we have? What the hell is happening? And you know who also is not holding a press conference? Who's never held a press conference to date? Secretary of Defense, Pete Heif, to address what in the world is going on right now?


We know that Donald Trump just reamed Secretary of Defense, Pete Heif after the disastrous dictator parade. But look, Donald Trump is posting this while they have a lid at the White House. While the world is looking to see will the United States be committing troops to another war now in the Middle East. Here's what Donald Trump just posted. It is my great honor to announce that I will be putting up two beautiful flagpoles on both sides of the White House, north and south lawns. It is a gift. Gift is in caps for some reason from me, of something which was always missing from the magnificent place.


The digging and placement of the Poles will begin at 7:30 AM flag will be raised at 11:00 AM These are the most magnificent poles made. They are all tapered rustproof rope inside the pole and of the highest quality, hopefully they will proudly stand at both sides of the White House for many years to come. You know, of all of the issues confronting our country right now as war continues in Ukraine after Russia's unlawful invasion and Trump was not able to negotiate peace in 24 hours as he promised with prices going up with the disastrous budget bill working its way through the Senate where they wanna make additional cuts to Medicaid in the Senate, we now hear from bipartisan nonpartisan groups that the new version of the disastrous budget bill will cause a $20 trillion increase in our debt.


Inflation is only increasing, mortgage rates are above 7%. As all of that is going on, Donald Trump believes the biggest issue is flagpoles. We need two flagpoles in the north and south lawn of the White House. That is Donald Trump's gift everybody. Oh, thank you Donald. I was wondering we need big giant flagpoles. That's what we were looking for. Donald Trump then posts the following $5 for MAGA official memo from Trump. Ben, I know I send you a lot of emails and I hate to take up even a moment of your valuable time, but this can't wait even a second longer. I just got sued by Gavin Newcomb.


So here are three reasons to give $5 to show your support for me today. One, I'm putting together a list of every supporter in your state who shows their support for me right now. Two, I've set a goal for rallying 1 million Patriots to my cause. None more important than you. Wow. Three. Everyone who donates right now is enter to win the only set of Trump gold golf balls, a avail available in the world. That's Donald Trump right now. $5 for maga. Five. $5 for maga. Please can I have $5 for maga? I'll give you a big beautiful gold golf ball. Can you? This is what he's doing right now.


Absolute, absolute maniac. I mean you see it right there. Oh, he did call into Jesse Waters last night. This Justin, as our editor in chief Ron Popowski writes Jesse Waters fantasizing about a massive penetrator. Jesse Waters says, Justin Trump says the Ayatollah can run but he can't hide. So Donald Trump's just using like movie cliches right now. You could run but you can't hide. Stay tuned. Exclamation point. Will we be sending our troops to war or not? Stay tuned. And how about the fact that our constitutional safeguards and the war powers act actually requires that Congress declare war?


Well, here's what Jesse Water says. Israel is begging the US to drop the massive penetrator on Iran's nuclear sites. I mean, Donald Trump has been making all of these posts saying, we, we've done this to Iran. We, we, we were saying that the United States is, you know, essentially at war. I mean that's what Donald Trump's saying. Now, again, let me be very clear and state my position. I think that Iran should absolutely never have nuclear weapons. I think the Ayatollah is a cancer on what can otherwise be a great country if it was kind of restored and changed to what it looked like before the Ayatollah and in fact went more in a pro-democracy direction.


I think there's a lot of potential. I think that people are, are hungry for it. I also, as an American, I remember growing up and seeing all the same stuff they were saying about WMDs in Iraq. So what happens when you do regime change in Iran? Let's just say you get rid of the ayatollah, you're gonna declare mission accomplished, remove the ayatollah, and then what? Then we're gonna have a civil war in Iran between factions aligned with the, the Shahs family in the United States and those aligned with the far, with the ex groups that are far more extreme than even the Ayatollah. I mean, you realize you could turn that region into a massive civil war.


Then what? Then are we gonna commit American troops? Israel Israeli troops are gonna be on the ground. You think that Iran wants to have Benjamin Netanyahu's pick to be the leader of Iran? I guarantee you that they don't. While all of this was going on, the Secretary of Homeland Security, Christy Nome, dog killer cosplay, she purported, she was rushed to the hospital, she went unconscious. There was a very serious emergency. They claim that she had an allergic reaction to something and she's alert and recovering. After passing out and going unconscious magar Republican senator Mike Lee wrote Prayers for secretary.


No. As our editor in Chief Ron Popowski goes prayers for an allergic reaction, but mockery and hateful conspiracies for murder victims who aren't in your tribe with no apology or remorse. Fake Christian Small man, of course MAGA Republican senator Mike Lee was mocking the murders that took place in Minnesota by the assassin and he was mocking the situation and like laughing about it like the pathetic coward little person that he is. Folks just looking at the data right now as well. Home builder sentiment has cratered this year to the third lowest level since 2012.


Remember when Peter Navarro said 90 deals in 90 days. Were at day 67 and we're at zero deals. And you may say, Ben, what about the uk? Wasn't that a trade deal? Okay, the papers that I saw fall on the ground when Donald Trump was with Prime Minister Kire Starr and Trump claimed he did a deal with the European Union. First off, didn't have anything written on it at at least I couldn't see anything written on it. A trade deal is not three pages long. There are hundreds of pages, if not thousands of pages, and it just related to automobiles and aerospace or aeronautics. And they, the whole thing it did was give the United Kingdom preferential treatment for Rolls Royce, Jaguar and Land Rover over American car manufacturers because they would get a preferential tariff rate.


So that's not that, that is not a deal to be celebrating. Oh, and China was not a deal where we just caved where Trump tackled and he made 145% tariffs, 35% tariffs, or 55% tariffs. Remember when Donald Trump said this back, what was it 15 years ago at this point, or 12 years ago when he said Obama will start a war with the Ron 'cause he's stupid. Play this clip. Our president will start a war with Iran because he has absolutely no ability to negotiate. He's weak and he's ineffective. Then fast forwarding, this is what Christine Om our director of National Intelligence, for better or worse, and I would say for much worse, she's the director of National Intelligence.


She's Trump's pick. She went before Congress less than 90 days ago, and here she is. She says that Iran was not pursuing the nuclear weapon, that they did not have the capabilities, and that was the best assessment of our ic, our intelligence community play. This clip, the IC continues to assess that Iran is not building a nuclear weapon and Supreme leader Khomeini has not authorized the nuclear weapons program that he suspended in 2003. The IC continues to monitor closely if Tehran decides to reauthorize its nuclear weapons program. May also be a significant issue though to the director of National Intelligence that the White House personnel director, Sergio Gore, skipped the background check for himself as colleagues.


Question, who the hell is this guy? Where's he from? He claims to be from Malta. There's no record of him being from Malta. He's responsible for vetting 4,000 administrative administration appointees. He didn't submit the most basic form, the SF 86 form, which begins the security clearance process. And he's been saying, oh, the deep state says that I, I I I can't submit it. The deep state's gonna come after me. The deep state's gonna come after me. Hat tip to New York Post for breaking that story. As our editor in Chief Ron Phillip Kowski writes, can someone please ask Caroline Levitt, the chief propagandist for the White House? Why the White House Director of personnel refuses to say what country he is from and refuses to complete the most basic paperwork for a background check?


Can you also ask if Sergio Gore is the name on his birth certificate? I don't know. Seems a bit important. Also seems important when we look at this photo from the G Seven's second day working session on Tuesday. Of course, the first day had the immediate countries in the G seven, like the US and Canada and France and the United Kingdom in that uk, Australia, Italy, Germany. Today was the working session with other countries like India was there and, and, and who else did you have there? Australia was there and you had the president of Mexico.


Claudia Scheinbaum, president Zelensky. Look at this photo. Donald Trump not there, and you had his treasury secretary Scott Bessant in the back left. When you take a look, governor Tim Walls posted the following. I signed the final bill. Melissa Hortman shepherded through the most narrowly divided legislature in this country, in the county. All of them bipartisan. We debated, we found common ground and we compromise. That's how democracy should function. Donald Trump was asked yesterday if he reached out to Governor Walls to say anything about the assassinations that were taking place in Minnesota.


Governor Walls was on the list as a target of the assassination, as was about 70 other democratic lawmakers and pro-democracy politicians and leaders in the state. Donald Trump then attacked. Governor Walls play this clip. Have You called the governor yet or been able to speak to any of them? I don't really call him. He's look, he appointed this guy to a position. I think the governor of Minnesota is so whacked out. I'm not calling him. He said he's the best. So, you know, it could be nice to call him, but why waste time? You know, and I think that's significant because, you know, especially as we also head into hurricane season, we've seen Donald Trump refuse to acknowledge the death of our soldiers overseas.


Remember, four of our soldiers died in Lithuania. Lithuania did an incredible heartfelt, solemn ceremony. Donald Trump didn't even acknowledge their deaths. Two of our soldiers died on the border when Donald Trump sent our soldiers as part of his op, his operations on the border. Donald Trump didn't acknowledge that dozens of Americans have died and perished over the past few months in horrific storms in Kentucky and Indiana, in Missouri and Mississippi and Arkansas, and across the country. Donald Trump has not even acknowledged these storms. And he was late to send fema or didn't send FEMA at all. In, in, in some cases.


I mean, you have, and Donald Trump, oh, a lady died the other day as a result of Donald Trump's dictator parade, a truck carrying a tank rolled over and and killed a woman in Washington dc Trump doesn't acknowledge any of that. Someone died from Donald Trump's dictator parade. No acknowledgement just what you heard him say about Governor Walls on that clip. Right? We, we, we showed you that clip and so horrific, horrific stuff right there. Let me say these names right now. Senator Alex Padilla, Congresswoman Lamonica MacGyver Mayor Raz Baraka, judge Hannah Dugan, controller Brad Lander, democratic politicians who were dis, you know, attacked, assaulted by ice, prosecuted by the Trump DOJ.


It's not normal. It's not okay. As Sania as Santiago Mayor says, we cannot let them convince us that this is normal or okay, we'll keep calling it out here on the Midas touch now, or kid subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, pads, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.