
Donald Trump's panic attack continues this morning. Last night. He was reposting Charlie Kirk, who wrote, dear Christians, vote Like Your lives, your values, and your children's futures depended on it because they do make a plan to vote. If we don't show up, the void will be filled by those who hate your faith and despise our values. Vote nothing like fear mongering. By the way, Charlie Kirk, weren't you the person who held that recent event in the church where Donald Trump led a chant to have people curse in the church? Were those your values, the cursing in the church values, or where you held up in the church?


White boy summer? More on that in a moment. I just want to show more about Donald Trump's panic attack before showing what went down in Charlie Kirk's event that Donald Trump spoke at recently. Donald Trump then reposts the following. Trump media and technology group announces successful launch of TV streaming on iOS devices, and it's a press release from global news wire. They're acting like what? They're like launching a spaceship to Mars. I mean, what? What'd you? What'd you do here? You have a failing social media company that's losing hundreds of millions of dollars based on your last SEC filing, but you successfully launched a streaming service.


Oh my gosh, in 2024. Nonetheless, Donald Trump then post the following Kamala Harris was put in sole charge of the border. It quickly became the worst and most dangerous border in history. As President Harris will completely destroy our country, and he puts it all in caps. Same old story from Donald Trump. Lies, lies, lies. Fear, fear, fear. Donald Trump. You killed the bipartisan border deal. President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris had as their lead negotiator of the bipartisan border deal because it's bipartisan. The Oklahoma Republican conservative Senator James Langford lead those negotiations.


A deal was formed and you told MAGA Mike Johnson and all your MAGA Republicans to kill the bill because you wanted to run on chaos at the border and hurt we the people. It's also such just an absurd thing to say that Kamala Harris was put sole charge. It was just her. She was standing there at the border all, all alone. What are you talking about? Donald Trump then posts Kamala. Harris has flip flopped on virtually every policy she has supported and lived by for her entire career from the border to tips. And the fake news media isn't reporting it. Guy's just out here just whining in post after post.


She sounds more like Trump than Trump copying almost everything. She's conning the American people and we'll flip right back. I will make America great again. There will be no flipping. There will be no flipping really. I mean this guy is out of his mind. Donald Trump then posts in all caps. You see, like he's getting worked up. It's why I wanted to show you the post that he was making as he went to sleep. And then as he's waking up, it's just more post after post and now, now it's all caps. It will be impossible for America to survive another four years of a Democrat in the White House. What are we gonna have unemployment down even more?


Is the stock market gonna be even higher? Donald, I know you tried to crash the stock market last week by telling everybody in all caps to panic and that there was a crash. There wasn't. You were trying to crash it the same way you threaten the chairman of the Federal Reserve Chairman Powell, not to lower interest rates. 'cause that would help weed the people the same way you attack opec because Biden and Harris outplayed them and they have lowered the price per barrel of oil, which you think is apparently seven or $8 because you don't understand the way any anything works. They were trying to raise the price per barrel above $100.


Biden Harris outsmarted them to bring gas prices down, which you again are upset about because that helps we the people and you want we the people to be in pain. So you can put in all caps, panic. This is horrible. I alone can save it. You can go through each of these issues with Donald Trump. He works against we the people consistently because he believes chaos and pain are winning issues for him. Donald Trump then posts this weird photo of his horrific lawyer, Alina Haa, who lost the case involving Donald Trump being found liable for sexual assault and defamation. She also lost the case involving Donald Trump being found liable for civil fraud.


She also lost a case where Donald Trump was the plaintiff. Two of them were combined. Donald Trump was either sanctioned or had to pay legal fees of about $1.4 million a case against the New York Times for defamation, which was lost, and then a case against Hillary Clinton and like a dozen or two other Democrats saying that because they were talking about Donald Trump's connections with Russia, that that was a Rico violation. Alina HaBO was sanctioned about $1 million there. By the way, Donald Trump keeps on posting and posting and posting. I'm only gonna show you some of them because I could probably go 30 minutes on post after post after post. But this is the whiny petulant behavior of him here.


Donald Trump responds to Mark Thon who goes, thank you, mark Kamala has no ideas and would be an absolutely horrible, horrible, radical left president laughed at all over the world. We've had enough of that. DJT and Mark Thon goes, Donald Trump's been talking about. He goes, mark Thon goes, Harris didn't just steal Trump's idea on making tips tax free. She plagiarized it. He's been talking about this for two months, and she just appropriated it like she came up with the idea herself. When you steal someone's idea without giving them credit, that's called plagiarism, accusing her of plagiarism. Can we just take a look though at what Donald Trump actually did when he was in office because there's a track record and if people just did your own research, you'd find out these things like this.


Donald Trump's labor department wanted to have a provision in an omnibus bill that would've allowed bosses to take the tips of their workers.


Have you heard that the flavored air category is quickly becoming the leading alternative to vaping and smoking? It's a whole new movement towards better habits led by the sponsor of this video. Fume Fume is an award-winning flavored air device. Flavored air isn't like vaping if Vapor was compared to sticky soda fume cores or closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, and orange vanilla. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics vapor or combustion Fume draws flavor to your mouth. Fume fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave you still have something to reach for. Fume is not a vape. There's no vapor, and you could use it anywhere. There's no nicotine. It's not addictive. The non-toxic flavors are a guilt-free alternative fume doesn't use any batteries, so you'll never need to charge it. The design is super sleek, it looks awesome, and you can truly feel the weighted high quality design. One of the things about fme is that it's made to fidget with and it calms anxiety With magnets, STAs and Clicks fume continuously invest in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products. Fume is also backed by doctors in the United States. My favorite fme flavor is Crisp. Mint is honestly delicious, and I couldn't recommend this more for anyone trying to quit their bad habit. Fume has served over 300,000 customers, and you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use my code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S To, get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to tri fume.com. That's TRY FUM dot com. fume.com. Use code Midas or scan the QR code on screen. To, get a free gift with your order today.


So when Donald Trump was in office, he wanted to allow bosses to confiscate tips. That was actually what the Trump policy was. So you want to know what the actions were versus what he is saying. Take a look at his actions. This is an article from Vox March 22nd, 2018. The Omnibus bill blocks a Trump rule that would allow bosses to keep workers' tip. The amendment adds much needed clarity to the Fair Labor Standards Act. House Republicans passed a spending bill on Thursday that includes an important amendment to the Fair Labor Standards Act Standards Act. It bars employers from keeping tips earned by workers. The text written by Senator Patty Murray, a Democrat from Washington, was added to the bill to block a proposed Trump administration rule that would've allowed employers to pocket the tips of millions of workers a move that could cost service workers $5.8 billion a year in lost tips.


And by the way, just take a look at what was put out by A-F-L-C-I-O at that time. Trump administration should rescind proposal that allows bosses to pocket working people's tips. This was official Trump policy, and that's why it's so important that corporate media just report on the facts. February 15th, 2018, Donald Trump's labor secretary Alexander Acosta announced a new proposed regulation to allow restaurant owners to pocket the tips of millions of tipped workers. This would result in an estimated $5.8 billion in lost wages for workers each year. Wages they rightfully earn, and most of that would come from women's pockets.


Nearly 70% of tipped workers are women, and a majority of them work in the restaurant industry, which suffers from some of the highest rates of sexual harassment in the entire labor market. This rule would exacerbate sexual harassment because workers will now depend on the whims of owners. To, get their tips back. That was the Trump administration policy at the time. Going back to more Trump Post this morning, here he is reposting Ted Nugent and Donald Trump's post of Ted Nugent post this, like this false map of the United States, which acts like the entire United States is read as though land votes land doesn't vote.


People actually vote. And then Ted Nugent goes, there are no blue states, just 15 to 20 big blue cities trying to tell the rest of us how to live. That is false. Donald Trump reposts that. Then Donald Trump decides to repost who said Southern California wasn't maga? Oh, and then Donald Trump announced, okay, I'm going to do a live chat with Elon Musk on X, which used to be Twitter, and I will show up Monday, 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific, and it will be Elon Musk and Donald Trump. I showed you that email yesterday that Donald Trump sent, which said Elon. He goes, I love Elon Musk, but I love you more Ben.


I love Elon Musk. He endorsed me. How weird is that? So now Donald Trump is speaking on Twitter. He is gonna actually be using his Donald Trump handle. We'll see if that is a violation of the covenants and agreements he has with Trump Media. I'll probably do a hot take on that as well. But here's what Trump said, and we know that Trump is speaking with Elon tonight. Imagine that interview Elon and Trump interviewing each other. Stay tuned for that. But here's what Trump said when Elon was supporting Ron DeSantis. You wanna talk about flip flopping? Donald Trump said, when Elon Musk came to the White House asking me for help on all of his many subsidized projects, whether it's electric cars that don't drive long enough, driverless cars that crash or rocket ships to nowhere without which subsidies, he'd be worthless.


And telling me how he was a big Trump fan and Republican, I could have said, drop to your knees and beg, and he would have done it. This is Elon when he was supporting DeSantis. Here's what he said about Donald Trump. Trump would be 82 at the end of the term, which is too old to be chief executive of anything, let alone the United States of America, the Twitter or ex CEO Linda Ya Carino is promoting this event on Twitter as Bradley Moss, notable attorney says, the CEO of Twitter is now promoting a propaganda discussion between the Republican nominee and the owner of this platform who has endorsed that nominee and is funneling tens of millions of dollars to his election effort.


Remember when Twitter's leadership was viewed as being political before Elon bought it because they were, because they had banned some Nazis. And here's Elon Mosh, Elon Musk promoting it as well. Entertainment guaranteed Live on space is a conversation between Donald Trump and Elon Musk. Elon Musk's like the worst interviewer ever, and Elon Musk is the worst at being interviewed yet alone doing the interviewing. This is gonna be one weird conversation. Donald Trump is also now posting videos on X using AI to make it appear that Ronald Reagan is endorsing him, which he is not. We did a, we did a report on it@themidasnews.com, and then you have all of these kind of weirdo right wing influencers like Eric Erickson posting things like this.


This just shows you how delusional these people are. Eric Erickson writes, at this point, the GOP has so devastated Walls. Vice President, Kamala Harris is running MCG Governor Walls. I wouldn't be surprised to see Josh Shapiro show up at the DNC as their vice presidential pick. As Stephen Fowler writes, this is so detached from the political reality that it's almost funny. But more importantly, it highlights how too many very online and offline people are so lost in a political bubble and are being primed to reject reality they don't like because they were primed otherwise. Let's be clear, governor Walls has a plus 12% approval rating.


He is above water. Lots of people approve of him, and like Governor Walls on the other hand, Donald Trump has like a negative 10 and Shady Vans has like a negative eight, and their negatives continue. To get more negative. That's what's going on there. Oh, also, as Donald Trump is having his complete meltdown today, Donald Trump does what he always likes to do. Donald Trump filed a notice that he's going to be suing the Department of Justice for over a hundred million dollars. That's Trump's go-to just make up a big number over the Mar-a-Lago raid alleging political persecution. So let me get this straight, where a valid search warrant was signed by a magistrate judge and executed, which in and of itself is grounds to dismiss the lawsuit.


Donald Trump is going to be suing the Department of Justice for $100 million. Donald Trump is going to lose. Donald Trump's lawyers are going To get sanctioned for that. And it's yet another frivolous lawsuit being filed by Donald Trump. We'll report more on that later in the day as well. We'll keep you posted. But that's Donald Trump's meltdown and panic attack. Oh, I told you at the beginning, I would show you Donald Trump encouraging the cursing at a church where they were holding signs that say, white boy summer. Here is where the, where Donald Trump encouraged the cursing in church. Play the clip. So they come up with his order.


I, I won't say it because I don't like using the word bullshit in front of these beautiful children. So I won't say it. I will not say it, but this thing allows millions of people. Well, there you have it, folks. Another morning meltdown for Donald Trump. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. We're on our way. Hit subscribe and have a wonderful day. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.