
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What a price they have. My favorite brand, just like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I can buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you So.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you are into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid so you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra.


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


Well, that didn't take long folks. Donald Trump's approval continues to plummet according to Atlas Intel, which was the most correct in the 2024 election. In terms of pollsters, they find that 52.4% of Americans now disapprove of Donald Trump's presidency. And when you look at the people who did not vote in the 2024 election, who could have swung the scs, I don't know, say to democracy amongst the people who didn't vote in 20 24, 80 3% of people who didn't vote vote, and I guess who would vote again, say they disapprove of the way Donald Trump is handling things.


Also, when you Take a look at the approval ratings of Zelensky versus Putin, as Donald Trump continues to suck up to Putin and just say a bunch of false and demeaning things about Ukraine, 14% of Americans view Zelinski positively. And Putin has a net negative 80% approval. I guess 80% people disapprove of Putin. It means 20% of Americans in MAGA like Vladimir Putin, which is very bizarre. The next question, do you approve Trump excluding Ukraine from negotiations with between Russia and Donald Trump?


Trump had those bilateral discussions yesterday that were a complete and utter failure. More on that in a moment, 66% of Americans disapprove of Donald Trump just speaking directly to Putin without Zelensky or Europe. And then you Take a look at the NBC poll from the day before yesterday. Trump job approval amongst independents, 67% disapprove. I mean, look, as Donald Trump and his regime send the United States of America into a recession or perhaps even into a depression, you have Donald Trump. He wakes up in the morning and he just does crap like this. And it's so odd and dangerous and pathological it just stop this nonsense and behave normal.


But look, folks, we know he's incapable of that. Here's the photo that he posted when he posed in front of the empty auditorium at the Kennedy Center with his hands outstretched like he's Mussolini. And he was kind of copying those photos from authoritarians in the past who stand on the balcony. There's literally nobody in that auditorium. And Donald, if you were to show up there, people would boo the hell out of you. I dare you to show up to a Kennedy Center event. By the way, I doubt there'll even be many more Kennedy Center events since I think attendance has down 50% since Donald Trump fired everybody on the Kennedy Center Board and appointed himself as chairman.


And like nobody wants to perform there. The Hamilton play canceled and other people are canceling as well. I mean, you wake up in Trump regime America, and by the way, it's not a government by the people, for the people, it's by the bullies for the billionaires. And you wake up to headlines like this. Whereas with former President Biden, the headlines were like economy envy of the world. New record highs in the stock market. Now you get headlines like this from the New York Times, Trump says a recession might be worth the cost. Economists disagree. It's like a stupid headline too though. I mean, Trump says recession might be worth the cost.


Economists disagree. How about Trump wants to destroy our economy, which is completely and utterly stupid and dangerous. So he and his oligarch friends could hoard their money and then try to lower the interest rates than borrow and then try to scoop up assets for pennies on the dollar when they crash the economy and make people suffer. I don't know, maybe that's part of their plan. You Take a look at the NASDAQ yesterday, the Dow yesterday continues to have awful, awful days. Headlines like this, Trump policies promise and economic downturn says prominent forecaster and first ever recession.


Watch the UCLA Anderson Forecast citing substantial changes to the economy from the policies of the Trump administration. So yes, it's directly linked to Trump issued its first ever recession. Watch on Tuesday. UCLA Anderson has been issuing forecast since 1952, said the administration's tariff and immigration policies and plans to reduce the federal workforce could combine to cause the economy to contract its analysis was titled Trump policies, if fully enacted promise a recession, they could have just titled it Trump's policies Promise a Recession.


'cause he's out there every day. What, what's his new thing that he's saying? April 2nd is liberation day. You know what he's saying? That's gonna happen on April 2nd. He says on April 2nd, all the countries of the world are going to get a a envelope. I'm not making this up. And in the envelope, they're going to get a number and the number's gonna be how much they're going to be tariffed based on how nice or naughty they are to Donald Trump. I'm not making that up. There was a town hall that was held recently in Nebraska where it's by Magar Republican Mike Flood, where the crowd chanted, tax the rich tax, the rich.


And this is in a ruby red area, Nebraska play this clip Tax. Here's a, okay, let's talk about this. Let's talk about this. So your proposal to solve this is to tax the rich. Well, that was taking place, as I mentioned yesterday, Donald Trump had these failed negotiations with Putin where Trump says, I'm gonna go in and we're gonna get the, we're gonna get a absolute ceasefire. And Trump didn't get that at all.


What they did talk about, you wanna know what Trump and Putin talked about. Donald Trump supports Putin's idea of organizing hockey games in the US and Russia between Russian and American players competing in the NHL and the KHL as per Russia's propaganda network. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, yes, Donald Trump still hasn't ended the war in Ukraine in 24 hours like he promised, but apparently he's setting up hockey games with the guy who was murdering civilians, torturing prisoners, and kidnapping children. Also, Donald Trump and Putin, according to the readout of their negotiations, agreed that a future with improved bilateral relationships between the United States and Russia has huge upside.


This includes enormous economic deals and geopolitical stability when peace has been achieved. As our editor and and Chief Ron Phillip Kowski explains from the White House read readout of Trump's call with Putin, where Putin did not agree to a ceasefire, it seems that while Trump is launching a trade war with the EU and North American countries our closest allies, Trump does expect enormous economic deals with Russia very soon. So Donald Trump had these failed negotiations with Putin, or maybe that's what Trump wanted them to like.


That was the goal, right? I I I I've told you right? I I think from the outset when Trump was talking about a deal, it was that Trump was going to steal Ukraine's minerals and rare earth minerals, scoop that for himself, put it in his own mind into his sovereign wealth fund, and then build all of these Trump stuff with Ukraine's wealth and then give the other portion of Ukraine to Putin and then us and Putin would become allies and engage in a bilateral trade relationship and then screw Europe and Canada and Australia and everywhere else. That that's what I predicted. And I mean, look, Trump was acting consistent with that plan, but shout out to the European nations and Canada for standing up against Donald Trump and strongly getting Zelinsky back and standing up to this want tobe fascist Donald Trump.


So after Trump's whatever you wanna call those discussions with Putin, by the way, Putin made Donald Trump wait for him like a half hour. And Putin was like mocking Donald Trump at a speech he did before. Oh, he could wait for me, he could wait for me. Then Donald Trump rushed to Laura Ingraham State Regime media in the US and he goes, I really wanna do more trade with Putin. We need to do more trade with Russia, play this clip With Russia. We don't have that much trade. And they'd like to, and we'd like to also, they have some very valuable things for us, including very big forms of rare earth. They have a lot of earth, you know, they have a big chunk of real estate, the biggest, actually the biggest in the world for a country by far.


And on that they have things that we could use, frankly, and they that I want to tell you about our next sponsor Stop box.


I am a responsible gun owner and I use Stop Box to make sure that my firearm is secure. I have a five month old baby girl, seems that she's getting older each day. I have a number of nieces and nephews in my house, and it is critical that I have the peace of mind that my firearm is safe, secure out of their reach and that that can never be accessed while making sure that I can protect my family. And one of the things that I like about Stop Box Pro is it is 100% mechanical. So you never have to worry about it not working when you need it the most. And I was surprised about how durable and well made it is. And also it not relying on a battery also gives me more peace of mind. You know, all stop box products are proudly made in the USA in their own facility. Not only does this ensure the high quality craftsmanship of every product sent out, but it does also create meaningful jobs here. And you know, at the Midas Touch Network, all of our products, all of our merch are made in America as well. So it's great to be supportive of an American business like Stop box. So for a limited time only our listeners gonna get a crazy deal here. Not only do you get 10% off your entire order when you use the code Midas ten@stopboxusa.com, they're also gonna give you a buy one get one free for their Stop Box Pro. So that's 10% off and a free stop Box Pro when you use the code. Midas 10, just spell it right? M-E-I-D-A-S one zero Midas 10. So you go to stop box usa.com, use that code Midas 10, discover a better way to balance security and readiness with stop box.


So he's talking about more trade with Russia, and then he keeps saying, I really wanna do deals with Xi Jinping. I look up to Xi Jingping and Putin. Here's what he says, play the clip. Putin actually said to me, if you are my friend, I'd hate to see you as my enemy. He said that very strongly. But I had, with all of that, I had a very good relationship put with Putin, had a very good relationship with President Xi, a very good relationship with Kim Jong-un of North Korea. Lot, lots of good relationships. And that's a positive thing. That's not a negative thing. But at the same time, I'm about our country. So that's why we're talking about terrorists. We'll be taken in trillions of dollars. I'm gonna get to the tariffs in a minute, kind because we're gonna, we're gonna first hit the Other, then he spends the rest of the interview.


Bashing Canada. Bashing Canada. Here's what he has to say about Canada. Let's play it Or with Canada than you are with somewhere. Only because our biggest adversary is lie Only because it's meant to be our 51st street. And I, but no, but listen to this for a second. We Need their territory. They have territorial advantage. We're not gonna let the most get close to China. Look, I deal with every country indirectly or directly. One of the nastiest countries to deal with is Canada. The people that now this was Trudeau, the people that, that good old Justin, I call him Governor Trudeau, he was, his people were nasty and they weren't telling the truth. They never told the truth.


You know, that, you know, they'd say, well, we don't charge. Well, they do, they charge tremendous. They charge tremendous. And, And here's what he says about Canada. Again, let's play it Any one of our, We're tougher with Canada than you are with something. Only because our biggest adversaries. Only Because it's meant to be our 51st street. And I, but no, but listen to this for a second. We need Their territory. They have territorial advantage of, we're not gonna let them get close to China. Of, Look, I deal with every country indirectly or directly. One of the nastiest countries to deal with is Canada. The people that now this was Trudeau, the people that, that good old Justin, I call Governor Trudeau. He was, his people were nasty and they weren't telling the truth.


They never told the truth. You know that. So yes, praising China, praising Putin, but he's very bad and attacking canon. I mean, it's so utterly pathetic. Shout out by the way, to Canadian prime minister, their new prime minister, Mark Carney, who is I think, pitch perfect right now in standing up to the Trump regime, as I've said, you know, Mark Carney, the banker, Donald Trump, the bankrupt, Mark Carney, the banker, Donald Trump, the bankruptcy guy over and over again. You need a real banker to deal with Donald Trump. And, and Kearney's been handling him quite well. But you know, like there's a pathology to these sicko authoritarians.


Like look at Putin when he would like give him himself the awards at the hockey, right? You know, he, he gives himself the hockey awards. Donald Trump gave himself over this weekend, while America's Midwest faced deadly storms, where like 40 people or more died. Trump awarded himself the golf tournament championship at his own golf club. Very Putin esque. The way Putin has his sycophants go on state regime media. That's what Trump does. He has witkoff, one of his special envoy to Russia goes, oh, I would commend President Putin. I'm commending Putin. Oh, and on, on everything the way he talked to Trump, oh, and Donald Trump, I can't overstate how compelling he was.


Trump was so compelling here, play this clip. So I think there, there have been some breakthroughs. I would commend President Putin for all he did today on that call to, to to, to move his country close to, to a final peace deal. And I would say, and I would give all the credit to President Trump, his election peace through strength, the perception that there are no alternatives. That a good piece, a lasting piece, a durable piece is important for both sides. And the president was, I, I, I, you know, it's, I can't, I can't understate or I can't, pardon me, I can't overstate how compelling he was on this call.


He was, he was, he's a natural born leader, Sean. And he demonstrated that today I've seen him in action. I know I, I know him pretty well. Steve, like you, I've known him 30 years and there's, there's no other human being like him. I will say that. It's really pathetic stuff. And by the way, the Trump regime keeps putting out like just fake stuff like this too. Egg prices drop again, I think the US D's putting out phony wholesale numbers, not retail number, wholesale numbers. And they're comparing wholesale to retail, and they're acting like egg prices have dropped and, and eggs are good. Now we're all good now because the US Department of Agriculture tells us there's no issues with eggs like a miracle.


It's fixed. Mission accomplished. It's like, dude, I go to the grocery store, I, there's no eggs. At least for me in California, it's like 10 bucks. I know in other areas it's eight bucks, nine bucks. I don't know. You may find a Trader Joe's where it's three or four bucks, I don't know. But overwhelmingly, it's not $3 and 45 cents. It's ridiculous. And this is what they wanna, you know, sell us on. And finally, I'll just show you this just so you can see for yourself the, the clip. First, just Take a look at these stock markets. Its inauguration Hong Kong, crushing it, Europe crushing it, United States being crushed. You know, all the other markets are good, but the United States is doing horrible when it was doing fantastic under former President Biden.


But here's Donald Trump Liberation Day, April 2nd. We're all gonna be liberated. Stupid here. Play this Clinton. April 2nd is Liberation Day for our country because we're gonna finally be taking in money. We're already doing it. A lot of money, as you know, we put down some early tariffs on people and countries that were not treating us well. So going back to what I shared with you at the outset, no wonder people are pissed. No wonder Trump's approval is plummeting. And frankly, i I I think it's high. I mean, the fact that it, what, it's still 47% approve of this madness, of this craziness or something like that.


Or 54% disapprove. Who, who could approve of that guy in the guy psycho like a psycho. And, and every aspect of it, we gotta just keep opening up people's minds, showing them the facts, pulling out the receipts, and just showing what are we even talking about here? We got Trump and Musk cutting Medicaid and calling Social Security Ponzi schemes, firing veterans. Pisses me off. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You insane Hollywood ass. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint mobile.com/switch, $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.