
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


The NBA 82 Game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CPG dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio


Morning decisions, A creamy mocha frappuccino drink, a sweet vanilla, maybe a smooth caramel or that white chocolate mocha, whichever you choose. Delicious coffee awaits. Start your day with bottled Starbucks Frappuccino drinks. Pick up a bottle near you, wherever you buy your groceries.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance rounds around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


A war has just broken out between India and Pakistan. As India struck targets in an area in cashmere controlled by Pakistan. What is Donald Trump doing while that was taking place? He was holding a 2026 World Cup planning task force. That was one of the most bizarre press events that I've ever seen. Just take a look what the Newswire was saying. You had the Newswire saying Pakistan will respond to attacks by India. Military says India. Army says justice is served after strikes on sites in Pakistan. Donald Trump says, I don't know if I'm supposed to say soccer or football.


Pakistan begins process of retaliation against India strikes. That's what's going on. And Donald Trump says the following, let's play this clip. And we can't wait to welcome soccer fans from all over the globe. I don't know if I'm supposed to say soccer or football. 'cause every time I say soccer, Baron and Eric say, you're, you're really saying it wrong. It's supposed to be football, but we know it more as soccer. And then Donald Trump at this Bizarre Press conference asks Rudy Giuliani's kid, who's one of the leaders of the 2026 World Cup task Force. Trump asks Giuliani's kid, if my golf game is good, he goes, tell everyone I'm a good golfer.


Tell everyone I'm a good golfer here. Play this clip. And our executive director, Andrew Giuliani, just got the post and he's gonna be great. I know him for a long time. He is a, he's a highly competitive golfer, which I mean really good. And he's also a highly competitive person, and he loves what we're doing. So I want to congratulate you and your family and your father, your great father who's the greatest mayor in the history of New York. So I want to congratulate the family. It's a big, it's a big post. You better do Well, Andrew, tell him, is my golf game okay too? Fantastic. I say he knew what to say. See? Well, he's a smart person. That's why I pointed him.


Then Trump gets upset that Russia has been removed from the G eight for quite some time, Donald. And he's like, that should never have happened. That should never have happened. That's what you're talking about. While a war has just broken out between India and Pakistan, play this clip Going on right now, I thought it was a very bad decision. It was headed by Trudeau, by the way, and Obama. They were the ones that really fought hard to get Russia out. I think if Russia were in, you wouldn't be. They threw 'em out. And because of that, maybe millions of people are dying. Millions. You know, millions. The numbers are far, far greater than you think, but millions of people are dying.


If he was sitting around a table with other people, seven people hammering him and saying, let's not do this, you would've, yeah, I think you wouldn't probably have had the the problems that you've had. And by the way, didn't Donald Trump say that he would end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours? That he would end the war in Gaza in 24 hours, and he would bring peace to Gaza in 24? Remember he said that peace he promised. Remember Donald Trump said that no wars would start. Well, there you have it. Donald Trump then gets upset when he finds out that Russia has been banned from playing in the World Cup. He's like, I didn't know that. I just found that out to your play. This clip. It's gonna be very strong. Thank you.


Yes. Russia is banned from playing the next World Cup. What's your position on this? Say it again. Russia Has been banned from playing the next World Cup. What's your position on this? I didn't know that. Is that right? Yep, That is Right. They're banned for the time being. Yeah, okay. From playing. But we hope that He's the boss. I'm not the boss on that. I have not. We hope. We hope that something happens and peace will happen, and then we can be readmitted. So that's what we hope's Possible. Hey, that could be a good incentive, right? We wanna get 'em to stop. We want them to stop. We want the 5,000 young people a week are being killed. It's not even believable.


Then you have JD Vance threatening tourists who show up in the United States to watch the World Cup in 2026. And JD Vance says, you better leave when you're supposed to go, or else Christie Nome, unless Secretary No's gonna come after you play this clip. And I know we'll have visitors probably from close to a hundred countries. We want them to come. We want them to celebrate. We want them to watch the game. But when the time is up, they'll have to go home. Otherwise, they'll have to talk to secretary Now, who? I'll turn it over to now. That's True. Well, thank you Mr. President, thank you so much for Oh, that's very funny. You're threatening people. They're gonna end up in concentration camps in El Salvador.


Ha ha ha. When you're actually disappearing human beings, and you're putting Taurus in detention centers when you are taking Taurus and basically treating them like criminals, and you've destroyed tourism into the United States, that's you. You find that funny. I mean, these people are sick, demented people. Speaking of Christine Om dog killer Homeland Security Secretary shows that this regime is basically just like Kim Jong-un. Thank you. You're making everyone's dreams come true, Mr. President here, play this clip. Well, Thank you, Mr. President, thank you so much for dreaming big dreams and doing unprecedented things Your entire life you have stood for doing things that other people thought they couldn't do and accomplishing unprecedented events and achievements.


And so this is one of those events that I think is going to be remarkable and will stand the test of time as the world's greatest sporting event ever held and conducted. You are honoring us by agreeing to be the chairman of this Event. Then Donald Trump reflects on his disastrous press conference with Canada's Prime Minister, Mark Carney, earlier in the day where Prime Minister Carney went, elbows up, stood up to Donald Trump and said, not now. Not ever. Canada will never be a 51st state. And Donald Trump was like, maybe, maybe, maybe. And Prime Minister Carney's, like never, never. So now Donald Trump again, while a war is taking place in India and Pakistan, Donald Trump is like, should I call him?


I've never called him Governor Carney. Should I, should I call him Governor Kearney here playing this clip. More people with that. But I gave a very long definition this morning in the Oval Office. We have, we're in very, very good shape. This country's never been in better shape and we're doing great. We were being ripped off by every country in the world virtually. And now we're not being ripped off anymore. It's very simple, very, very simple. As far as calling him Governor Kearney. No, I haven't done that yet. And maybe I won't. I did have a lot of fun with Trudeau, but I think this is, this is a big step up.


So I've been drinking way less lately because the fallout for me the next day just seems to get worse as I get older. But sometimes I still want to kick back without the hangover or that bloated feeling. That's why I'm psyched. I found out about souls out of office, THC beverages. They've been a great low calorie, gluten-free alternative, and they don't cause hangovers. You probably heard me rave about their out of office gummies, but now they've launched something even better out of office THC beverages, and they are exactly what I've been missing. I cracked open a raspberry lemonade last night, felt like I was sipping summertime in a can. It's this perfect little microdose of THC and CBD that gives you that chill, euphoric feeling. No hangover, no regrets. And the flavors. Raspberry lemonade and cucumber melon lime, total crowd pleasers. Plus you get to pick your dose two and a half milligrams or five milligrams THC in six 12 or 24 packs, so you could ease into your vibe, your way. Soul's drinks have become a go-to in my house. They've really helped me chill out after a crazy day. And you know, I have a lot of those. And I love the company's emphasis on health and wellness. By the way, shout out to the founders, Mike and Angie Lee, a former pro boxer and a wellness speaker who built soul to offer natural alternatives to stress, sleep, focus, you name it, the Midas Touch Network is a sibling run business. So I love seeing siblings doing great work in other spaces. So if you wanna feel your best head to get soul.com and use code Midas for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order using Code Midas one last time, get so.com and code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 30% off.


So then finally, finally, Donald Trump says something about the attacks between India and Pakistan. And Donald Trump's response is, it's a shame. I hope it ends soon. It's a shame. Here, play this clip. Any questions for Steve? Have any reaction to the attacks between India and Pop Star? No, it's a shame. We just heard about it just as we, we were walking in the doors of the oval. Just heard about it. I guess people knew something was gonna happen based on a little bit of the past. They've been fighting for a long time. You know, they've been fighting for many, many decades and centuries, actually, if you really think about it.


No, I just hope it ends very quickly. That's your response. It's a shame. I dunno. Maybe make phone calls, maybe reach out to nato. Oh, wait a minute. You've alienated all your allies. You've alienated the world's community. You've created such instability that India's even going about this because they think that there's nothing that you're gonna do to retaliate against them. So you've basically shown complete and utter weakness and capitulation around the world. By the way, that statement's the weakest thing ever as well. Then Donald Trump is asked, so why haven't you done any deals yet? And Donald Trump's like, I could announce any deal. I could announce a hundred deals tomorrow. Play this clip, please.


Yeah. To announce later this week. Well, I can announce all of them now. I could announce 50 to a hundred deals right now because you know, I'm the shopkeeper and I keep the store and you know, I know what countries are looking for and I know what we're looking for, and I can just set those terms and they can go shopping, or they don't have to go shopping 'cause everybody wants to shop here. This is like a beautiful store. This is like one of Bernard Arno, or maybe I should say Alex, even more importantly young, the future. You got more Donald Trump attacking New York Attorney General Letitia James, I don't randomly play this clip. Let You and perhaps the Attorney General, the Justice Department recently received a criminal referral against New York Attorney General tis James for fraud.


We haven't heard much about it. Could you or the attorney general give us an update as to what's going on with that investigation? Well, I don't wanna get involved in something that Pamela's involved with. If you'd like to say something, Pam, or I can say unrelated to that. She's a disaster for New York. She's a horrible, horrible human being. And I think she's a total crook. There's no question about it, but that's just my opinion. Pam's gonna have to do what she wants. She's a very bad person. She's a very, very bad, a very bad person who campaigned solely on, I'm gonna get Donald Trump over and over again. She's a sick person. But that's has nothing to do with what Pam does.


Pam is gonna do what's right. She always does. I've known Donald Trump then talks about, he's asked a question about progress as it relates to Russia and and peace in Ukraine, and then do Donald Trump's now like metric. He's like, I did it. I solved it. Russia would've taken over Ukraine, but I stopped him. No, no, you didn't. You didn't do anything at all. But this is Donald Trump's new view. I we, we won. I did what I said I was gonna do. They are, they are stopped. Play this clip President plans for Mr. Woff to travel once again to Russia. And as you mentioned in your remarks, he's traveled to Russia on a number of occasions.


He's met with President Putin. What type of progress is being made as it relates to all of those visits that he's made to Russia? I Think a lot, because I think Russia wanted to take all of Ukraine and they've stopped. That's a lot of progress. You know, it's small. It's a portion of Ukraine. But no, I think a lot. I think if we weren't here, they would be right now fighting to take the whole country and they're not doing that. So I think that's a lot of progress. Mr. President, please. So utterly deranged, so utterly deranged folks, we're gonna keep on following what's going on in Pakistan as well. We know that there are significant clashes between the Indian and Pakistani army ongoing in the cashmere region.


Small arms, machine guns, mortars, heavy artillery being used against military positions on both sides. The United Nations is out with a statement. The world cannot afford a military confrontation between India and Pakistan. Pakistan's information Minister tells Sky News that they have shot down two Indian Jets, reports of another fighter jet being down over South Kashmir, which has hit a school. Lieutenant General at Pakistan says it's an act of war. Total instability in the world right now caused by Donald Trump. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.