
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Donald Trump's press conference just blew up the entire world. Order total capitulation to Vladimir Putin. I wanna show you what went down and an abandonment of our support of Ukraine. So cowardly, one of the most despicable things I think in United States history. Donald Trump talks about how it's an interesting question whether or not to even view Ukraine as an equal partner in negotiations with Russia and Donald Trump then blames Ukraine for going into a war with Russia. Not the fact that Russia unlawfully invaded Ukraine. Play the clip As an Say it.


What Do you view Ukraine as an equal member of this peace process? It's an interesting question. I think they have to make peace. Their people are being killed and I think they have to make peace. We, I said that was not a good war to go into, and I think they have to make peace. That's what I think. Why? Why? Next up, Donald Trump talks about how he does not believe that Ukraine should go back to pre 2014 borders. By the way, this echoes what defense secretary, former Fox News host, Pete Hegseth said earlier in the day when he was in Europe, where he said that he was not agree to have Ukraine in nato.


And he said that he would not think it is a feasible option to have Ukraine return to pre 2014 borders when Russia invaded then and annexed land the same way Donald Trump threatens to do with Canada. Here play this clip. Sir, just To be clear, do you see any future in which Ukraine returns to its pre 2014 workers? Well, I, I think Pete said today that that's unlikely. Right? It's certainly would seem to be unlikely. They took a lot of land and they fought for that land and they lost a lot of, they lost a lot of soldiers. But it would just seem to me, and I'm not, I'm not making an opinion on it, but I've read a lot on it, and a lot of people think that that's unlikely.


Some of it will come back. I think some of it will come back. Yeah, some of that land will come back. A reporter then talks about how, basically If you are now saying, Donald, that Ukraine shouldn't be a member of NATO and shouldn't return to pre 2014 borders, aren't you essentially giving Russia everything, literally just handing over everything to Russia? Here's what Donald Trump says. Let's play it. The, the things that the Secretary of Defense was talking about, the 2014 orders and the lack of data membership. Ultimately these are both demands that Russia has made in the past. Is there not a danger of having Russia win on this?


Well, I think that If you look at the war, the way the war's going, you'll have to make your own determination. I'm just here to try and get peace. I don't care so much about anything other than I wanna stop having millions of people killed. Killed last night. You know, Kiev got hit very, very hard. I wanna see people stop getting killed. That war is ridiculous. It should have never happened and it would've never happened. Yeah. A couple of more questions. A reporter then asks Donald Trump if he would support Zelinsky seeding territory to end the war, then Donald Trump falsely attacks Zelinsky poll numbers and spews Russian propaganda.


And then you'll see soon Donald Trump talks about how he wants to see there be an election in Ukraine. Why? Because Trump and Putin want to install a Putin puppet in Ukraine. Watch what went down, play the clip Ukraine. Would you support Zelinsky seeding territory or exchanging territory in any agreement to end the War? Well, he's gonna have to do what he has to do. But you know, his poll numbers aren't particularly great, to put it mildly. He is got a country where, you know, it's been savaged and attacked and he's got an army that's been very, very brave actually, despite the fact that, you know, we've given him, in my opinion, $350 billion.


That's what the real number is. You don't hear that number. And Europe has given, in my opinion, a hundred billion dollars. And they've done it in the form of a loan. And I have a Secretary of Treasury right now who's actually quite brave. He's over in Ukraine on a train, and there's a lot of things happening around that train that, that aren't so good. And he's going there to get a document done where we're gonna be in assured that we're gonna, in some form get this money back because we're putting up far more money than Europe. And Europe is in far more danger than we are. We have an ocean in between. Europe has nothing in between. You know what they have in between? They have Ukraine in between.


So, so wait a minute. So as you know, Europe is putting up money and they're getting it in the form of a loan. And the United States under Biden didn't do loans. They just handed money. Every time somebody walked in from Ukraine, they just handed the money foolishly. This should have never happened. It should have never started. And once it did, other things should have happened. Other things should have taken place. So we're, we're getting security on our money, we're gonna have it secured by they have RO Earth and they have oil and gas, and they have a lot of other things, and we're asking for security in our money. So does it mean, Here's the clip where Donald Trump talks about elections in Ukraine.


And to be clear what that means, and Putin, you know, we've been covering a lot of what Putin and Russia have been saying as part of their plan to make Donald Trump kiss the ring and have total capitulation. One of the Russian preconditions as Donald Trump's, like I'm gonna do peace in 24 hours, was to force an election in Ukraine to try to install a poop it Putin puppet and depose zelensky here, play this clip Freezing out President Zelensky of this process a bit. Isn't there a danger Of that? No, I don't think so. As long as he is there. But you know, at some point you're gonna have to have elections too. You're gonna have to have an election Then Donald Trump talks about how he sees it as not practical to have Ukraine and NATO play this clip Close NATO membership for Ukraine.


I don't think it's practical to have it personally. I know that a new Secretary of Defense who's excellent, Pete made a statement today saying that he thinks it's unlikely or impractical. I think probably that's true. I think long before President Putin, they said there's no way they'd allow that. This has been going on for many, many years. They've been saying that for a long time, that Ukraine cannot go into nato. And I'm, and I'm okay with that. I just want the war. Whether they are or they're not. But I, it certainly would seem to be that most people have said that that is something that's not gonna happen. Then Donald Trump brags about his call earlier in the day with Putin and he goes, look, everybody Putin wants peace.


He didn't want it with Biden, he wants it with me. Well, you idiot, you freaking traitor. It's because you're giving away Ukraine. You're breaking apart nato, you're giving Putin everything he wants. So utterly pathetic. It's not even Neville Chamberlain stuff, it's quite literally traitorous, in my opinion. Play the clip, Do that. Then Putin would say he won. We're the thing that's holding it back. And frankly, we'll go as long as we have to go because we're not gonna let the other happen. But President Putin wants to have peace now and that's good. And he didn't wanna have peace with Biden Was that Conversation With, And you tell me why that is, okay, was That conversation then Donald Trump brags about having Putin come to America and Donald Trump going to Russia, which by the way is going to make Helsinki where Donald Trump shamed our country look like minuscule compared to the embarrassment and humiliation we're going to see as Donald Trump travels to Russia to kiss Putin's ring, play the clip Dealing with President Putin largely on the phone.


And we ultimately expect to meet. In fact, we expect that he'll come here and I'll go there and we're gonna meet also probably in Saudi Arabia the first time we'll meet in Saudi Arabia, see if we can get something done. But we want to end that war. That war is a disaster. And While all of this was going on, these spineless Republicans here in the United States confirmed Tulsi Gabbard, who's a Putin puppet to be the director of national Intelligence. By the way, all of this was coordinated. Confirm tulsi, big win for Russia. Have Pete Heif go to Europe and talk about how he does not agree to have Ukraine ever join nato.


And then Donald Trump's call with Putin, all part of total capitulation. Now, as Tulsi Gabbard gets confirmed, let's be very clear, there's not going to be a single foreign intelligence agency that will ever share information with the United States knowing that that information will likely get passed to Putin right away. So you have Donald Trump threatening to annex Canada, threatening to invade Greenland and annex Greenland. Same thing with Panama. You have them capitulating to Vladimir Putin. You have Tulsi Gabbard coming in. You have all of the world uniting against the United States. And we have a psychotic idiotic president in Donald Trump from the Oval Office kissing Putin's ring.


By the way, this was Heif earlier in the day talking about no NATO for Ukraine ever, and the fact that Ukraine should never be restored to pre 2014 borders play this clip. We want like you a sovereign and prosperous Ukraine. But we must start by recognizing that returning to Ukraine's pre 2014 borders is an unrealistic objective. The United States does not believe that NATO membership for Ukraine is a realistic outcome of a negotiated settlement.


Instead, any security guarantee Must be backed by capable European and non-European troops. Here was Donald Trump's ranting and raving post from earlier in the day where he brags about the common sense solution that he's developed with Putin and that he had a length and productive phone call with Putin. What I noticed about this as well is that Donald Trump doesn't mention his envoy to Ukraine. Keith Kellogg. In this, he talks about how Rubio director of C-O-C-I-A, John Ratcliffe and National Security Advisor, Michael Waltz and special envoy Steve Witkoff, will lead the negotiations.


What about your lead negotiator? By the way, Keith Kellogg, who, I mean, I guess people thought that Keith Kellogg was gonna what actually try to negotiate a positive resolution for Ukraine as Nicholas Tenzer explains. Literally Trump's post seems like it was directly dictated by Russia, as was Hexis speech. In Trump's world without law or principles, there was no longer an aggressor or an aggress, a culprit or a victim, but submission to the one who appears wrongly to be the strongest. Everything depends on Europe right now. That's basically where we are at right there. Here, by the way, you see Vladimir Putin basically, you know, this is, looks like he's cheersing with a total capitulation.


I've seen that meme go everywhere, especially with the Tulsi Gabbard confirmation as I pco of Kyiv independent explains. So we are supposed to give up our national territory vow never to join nato, no matter what Russia does to us, and also give Donald Trump our rare earth metals. That's a very interesting deal from an aggressor and a partner that was supposed to support our security in exchange for giving up our nuclear weapons, missile armaments, and strategic bomber fleet. And by the way, as Olga Laumann explains, on top of all the other gifts Trump gave Russia, he also disbanded the Klepto capture task force that dealt with the seizure of Russian assets and all the units monitoring the flooding of foreign money, bribery and interference in US selections.


Our editor in chief, Ron Phillipi explains, oh yeah, that too. Every bargaining chip has already been given to Putin for free art of the deal right there. Meanwhile, Russia's stock market is soaring on the news that Donald Trump is totally capitulating to Vladimir Putin. In the meantime, America's markets are not doing well with inflation, rising prices rising. It is some horrific things. Oh, and what Donald Trump is talking about as well, you wanna know what he's posting 'cause he's in his pure wannabe dictator mode. This is what he wrote. This is real President Donald J. Trump was just unanimously elected chairman of the board of the prestigious Kennedy Center in Washington DC The president stated quote, it's a great honor to be the chairman of the Kennedy Center, especially with this amazing board of trustees.


We will make the Kennedy Center a very special and exciting place for anyone who voted for this psychopath, who has just destroyed our national interests and sold out the United States of America's foreign policy and more to Vladimir Putin. I just have to say how despicable of a decision you made for the rest of us putting this ridiculous, psychopathic person in charge who's bragging about appointing himself to the Kennedy Center while giving Vladimir Putin everything. Seriously. Shame on you. And now we, the pro-democracy loving people in America, have to look to allies in Canada and Europe and elsewhere to try to maintain some semblance of a world order that doesn't have Vladimir Putin and China taking over everything.


The most weak and pathetic administration ever. And shame on you, spineless Republicans for enabling this crap history will never forget and will never stop shaming your name. I'm Ben MICUs. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.