
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Tremfya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem radio.com. I'm ready for my life to change.


A B. C Sundays American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is amazing. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan RET STA. American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and dao.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What? Nice. They have my favorite brand, like a whole new woo woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you So.


Has Donald Trump departed from yet another vacation in Mar-a-Lago to go back to DC to make things worse and screw over America even more? The White House issued the following press release. This is real. I'm not making this up. The White House issued this in just over one month. Illegal border crossings have plummeted by numbers that nobody has actually ever seen before. It's much more than 100%. Yes. It defies all of the rules of mathematics and grammar.


This is the most idiotic authoritarian regime in the history of mankind. Let me show you exhibit B. That was exhibit A. This is exhibit B. Donald Trump is asked a question by the reporters on Air Force One, do you believe Putin is disrespecting you by attacking Ukraine? And then Donald Trump's response is to attack the reporter and say, what did he do? Who are you with? Who are you with here? Play this collect this Week, Disrespecting you by attacking you Ukraine when you're trying to, who this person Putin disrespecting you by attacking Ukraine.


What did he do? Well, he's attacking you Ukraine. Is he disrespecting me? Yep. Who? Who are you with? I Michael from Washington. You've lost a lot of credibility. Go ahead. What else Mr. What kind, Robert? As I said, it is an authoritarian regime. It is also incredibly idiotic. Donald Trump conducting more interviews on Air Force One taking more questions from reporters. He was asked if he's worried about a recession, to which Donald Trump said, we're going to just be so rich. You're not even gonna know how rich you are. So even if there's a recession, don't worry.


I'm gonna make you So rich. He says, here, play this clip With Maria Omo. Where are we? Are we we're we're close. We're just about ready to land. Are you worried about a recession? Maria Omo asked you and and you kind of hesitated. I, I'll tell you what, of course you hesitated. Who knows? All I know is is we're gonna take in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and we're gonna become so rich. You're not gonna know where to spend all that money. I'm telling you, you just watch. We're gonna have jobs, we're gonna have open factories, it's gonna be great. And the plane is landing and we gotta go. Thank you for a lot of good questions. Okay? Thank you very much everybody. Thank you, Resident. I mean, seriously, you're gonna be so rich. You're not going to know where to spend the money.


I, I don't understand the psychology of somebody who watches that and goes, woo, I'm gonna go rich again. This guy always tells me the truth. I mean, the guy lies about everything. He said Prices would go down on day one. There would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. Housing would be affordable. And he said by now that there would be all of these jobs. Oh yeah. What about no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime. What about all of those promises? Lie, lie, lie, lie. But then he just makes up a new lie and then the kind of brain dead MAGA cult members go, Ooh, I guess they're gonna be rich. It's so stupid.


Meanwhile, in Canada where they are standing up to this bully regime in the United States, the liberal party has selected its new leader, Mark Carney, who will go on to replace Prime Minister Trudeau as the prime minister of Canada. He will hold that position for a short period of time pending the elections against the Conservative party led by Pierre Pev. And if Kearney wins that, when the liberal party rather wins that and they're expected to win, that Kearney would go on to stay as the prime minister with a new government being formed.


The liberal party months ago, no one would ever expected would be able to pull this off and actually win an election. But it seems like they're headed to do just that, especially as the right wing party in Canada. The conservative party led by Pierre pev went Maple Maga and really went in on all this Trump stuff before Donald Trump did all of the things that we told you he was going to do. Lemme just share this brief portion of Mark Kearney's victory speech for the liberal party leadership position. I think it's such a perfect contrast to those idiotic clips I just played of Trump. Watch Kearney right here.


Let's play it. America is not Canada and Canada never, ever will be part of America in any way, shape or form. We Look, we didn't ask for this fight, we didn't ask for this fight, but Canadians are always ready when someone else drops the gloves. So the Americans, they should make no mistake in trade as in hockey, Canada will win Also, as Donald Trump was heading back to DC from his vacation to screw everything up once again, it's like he comes back, he wrecks the country even more, then goes back and golf wrecks the country more, goes back and plays golf.


But here's a big part of Donald Trump's platform, right? Everybody, this is what you wanted. And I'm being sarcastic. Of course, Trump posts the following on his social media as I made clear during my joint address to Congress. The United States strongly supports the people of Greenland's right to determine their own future. We will continue to keep you safe as we have since World War ii. We're ready to invest billions of dollars to create new jobs, to make you rich. And If you so choose, we welcome you to be part of the greatest nation anywhere in the world, the United States of America. I like that. I'm being sarcastic. So Trump's priorities, let's now make Greenland rich and let's just not care about the people in America.


Greenland first. And you know, he is just lying about Greenland. This whole thing, as I said before, it's just fricking weird. It's strange, it's dangerous. And the world just sees how pathetic he is, right? It's just like whack-a-mole, Idiocracy. It's like he goes from, I'm gonna put tariffs on you. I'm not gonna put tariffs on, I'm gonna put tariffs on you. I'm not gonna put tariffs on you. Hey Hamas, I'm gonna unleash hell. I'm not gonna unleash hell. I'm gonna unleash hell. I'm not going to unleash. Hell yeah, I'm unleashing hell. I'm not going to unleash How, Hey Greenland, I'm gonna conquer you. I'm not gonna conquer, I'm gonna conquer you. Hey Panama Canal, I'm coming for you. I'm not coming for you. You know, it's the same cyclical Idiocracy over and over again and it's just ridiculous.


Here. Donald Trump is asked about all these plane crashes. Recently there was another plane crash on Sunday, another lethal plane crash. And trump's like, yeah, sometimes things happen more. That's just life, you know, recessions, plane crashes. What whatevs, listen to this guy. As Tom Nichols says, this guy has the codes to 1500 strategic nuclear weapons play this clip, another Plane crash, Pennsylvania. Today's Secretary Duffy's big concern is his department is being gutted. He's been, you know, dealing with these crashes ever since he was sworn in. Does he have a legitimate Concern? Well, that has nothing to do with the department that has, that was a small plane, and that would've happened whether you had a big department or a small department, as you understand.


It's just they would, they have spades like this. You know, they have times when things happen a little bit more often than normal and then it goes back and you go many years without having a problem. I'll tell you, I think the Southwest Pilot did a fantastic job last week when he lifted that plane off the air because if he put the brakes on, that wouldn't have been good. And I think the license should be maybe revoked for the plane that got and away from the pilot revoked for the plane that got in its way. But the way he immediately stepped in the gas and lifted up as opposed to, you know, thinking for about three seconds when it would've been too late. The Southwest pilot or pilots were, they did a great job, Russia, China, and then a reporter says, you know, Donald Russia, China, Iran, they're doing military exercises together.


You realize you have no, this is me paraphrasing. You have no geopolitical understanding of the way these alliances are being formed. Like as you're sucking up to Russia, Russia is then forming its alliance, not with you, but with China and Iran. Then you're saying you're against Iran and you're attacking them, but supporting Russia. But Russia's not supporting. You have no clue, Donald, what's going on. Does it bother you, Donald, that all these other countries are forming alliances against Europe and against the United States and now the US is gonna be out of all of these alliances and then Donald Trump's like, no, it doesn't matter. We're stronger than everybody here play this clip. China and Iran are doing military exercises together.


Does that concern you? No, not at all. Not at all. Why not? Because we're stronger than all of them. We have more power than all of 'em. I rebuilt the military. Unfortunately Biden did nothing with it. But I rebuilt the military. But we don't wanna even talk about that. I think if, Look even on Fox, they have one of Donald Trump's former economic advisors on Stephen Moore to try to talk some sense into Donald Trump. This is Trump's former economic advisor, top former economic advisor. And he's just like, yeah, you know what Trump's doing with the economy with tariffs is bad, bad, bad. Consumer confidence is crashing. Other indicators are not positive.


This is bad stuff. This is on Fox and this is Trump's former guy play this clip. But we have seen a little bit of market upset. What is your perspective on the way forward? Well, you used the word complicated and that's exactly what it has been over the last week, Katie, where one day the terrorists are gonna go up and then there's gonna be a delay in the terrace and then there's gonna be a tariff in another country. And it's been up and down and up and down. And by the way, the stock market went up and down and up and down with these things. I think that the president's emphasis on terrorists right now is misguided. I think we have a very wobbly economy. We saw a not very good jobs report on Friday. The consumer confidence numbers are sinking and other indicators are not positive.


The economy needs a pick me up and terrorists are not a pick me up. What is is the Trump tax cut? Congress has to get this passed as soon as possible by Memorial Day. That will provide the stimulus the economy needs. Yeah, Because if they don't get the cut, it's gonna be a tax hike for everybody who got it in the first place. One of the biggest. So then Donald Trump has to send out Howard Lutnick and Howard Lutnick then articulates, that's not the right word, says, uses words to talk about what Trump's tariff policy is. And Lunik says, look, no tariffs. If fentanyl ends, once Fentanyl ends, no tariffs, what is it? If fentanyl ends, like, what are you even talking about here?


Play this clip. Well, second, that's going to be reciprocal tariffs and I'm happy to talk about that. But let's try to keep those two different. Okay, un understood. But you say he is not gonna take his foot off the gas. Does that mean these are permanent tariffs, Mr. Secretary, can you provide clarity? Yes or no? If Fentanyl ends, I think these will come off. But if fentanyl does not end or he's uncertain about it, they will stay this way until he is comfortable. Okay? This is black and white, you gotta save American lives. So with the spec, with respect to fentanyl, this is about the border and fentanyl, and that's an agreement between the president and the two leaders of Canada.


Of course, Justin Trudeau's got a lot to say. Of course he's leaving in like days. So yeah, it's not really that fun to listen to some guy who's trying to create sort of a mess for Canada, which he's trying to do. Yeah, president Chime Baum did a much more calm, thoughtful conversation with President Trump and that's why this is the result. She was able to negotiate it because she said a thousand more people on the border stopping fentanyl from coming into this country. Mr. Checker, While all of this is going on too, you have Elon Musk attacking the foreign minister of Poland. The foreign minister of Poland just made a very basic statement, which is Starling should not be cutting off access to satellites to Ukraine since Poland has paid the bill.


Simple premise, right? But what's Elon Musk's response? Well, earlier in the day Elon Musk wrote that America needs to leave NATO immediately. That was what Elon Musk said earlier, that America shouldn't be protecting Europe and NATO shouldn't exist. That's what Elon Musk said. And here Elon Musk attacks the foreign minister of Poland, our ally, and goes, be quiet, small man. You pay a tiny fraction of the cost and there's no substitute for Starlink. Tired of winning, tired of winning. Here's the headline, Trump won't rule out recession in 2025 because that's what he said in the interview with Maria Bar Roma.


Here play that clip. And I wanna ask you about Ukraine and, and the blow up the other day with, with Zelensky. Let me stay on the economy for a moment because there are rising worries about a slowdown. You've got the Atlanta Federal Reserve saying we're gonna have a contraction in the first quarter. Look, I know that you inherited a mess and you said that The other night. I've only been here to, But are you expecting a recession this year? I hate to predict things like that. There is a period of transition because what we're doing is very big. We're bringing wealth back to America. That's a big thing. And there are always periods of, it takes a little time. It takes a little time, but I don't, I think it should be great for us.


I mean, I think it should be great. It's gonna be great ultimately for the farmer. You know, don't forget, I may. And while all of that's taking place, you have Elon Musk continuing to make posts like this. Democrats are demented, genocidal war sluts. Well, no wonder we're seeing massive protests now take place across the country. You have Senator Bernie Sanders drawing huge crowds in Wisconsin and Michigan and reddish and purplish areas. You have people who, Donald Trump, who voted for Donald Trump, like veterans for Trump, saying that they feel betrayed. And I think the momentum against Donald Trump is growing.


Although he is continuing just to crash the, I mean, he is crashing everything. I mean, the stock market's plummeting. People are losing their life savings now. This isn't hypothetical. It's happening. Anyway, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.