
Sephora stores are everywhere you are. So just pop in when you need a brown lip to match your nineties playlist. A confidence boost before your interview, or a last minute gift for mom's birthday. There's always a Sephora near you. Just pop in. Use our store locator to find your local Sephora or Sephora at Kohl's.


On August 20th. Donald Trump said that he was going to release his medical records. Surprise, surprise, he hasn't. He's covered up his medical records following the Butler Pennsylvania incident and then said that his lobe healed quickly. And as he's exhibiting severe mental and cognitive decline on stage, he is refusing to release his medical records. This is serious folks. As I said before, I wasn't trying to mock him by pointing out that he looked like he was soiling himself on stage. Nor am I trying to mock him when it's pretty obvious, in my opinion, that he's either suffering from some form of dementia like his father did, or some other massive cognitive issue that he's covering up.


I'm not trying to mock it, just corporate media's not covering it. We have to bring attention to it. As Ian Sams from Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign states on August 20th, that's when Donald Trump said he would gladly release his medical records. He hasn't since then. He's also backed out of a 60 minutes interview. He's refused to debate again and he's done 27 straight interviews. He says in conservative media, I don't call Fox conservative media, it's propaganda media. What is he hiding there? You see from CBS, you'll release your medical records to the public. Trump goes, oh, sure, I would do that. Very gladly. Sure. As Ian Sams then writes, and you know from our reporting this weekend, vice President Kamala Harris released a full and detailed report of her medical history and health information.


Previously, president Biden released a very detailed personal medical history. We're talking about blood pressure, hemoglobin platelets, allergies, I mean, what we would expect of someone running for the highest office in the land to release Vice President Kamala Harris released it. President Biden released it. Donald Trump refusing to release it. And I think we know what those medical records are going to show. And I think we, the people have a right to know since Donald Trump's like the oldest person ever to basically hold the office. If, if, if he were To, get there by the end of his term. And we know his family's medical history is one that is really, really bad.


We should get this information. And Vice President Kamala Harris' calling it out as well. Your turn. Donald Trump. Here are my medical records. But here's the thing, the republican parties doesn't exist anymore. They're all maga. It's Kim Jong-un style political party. Meaning they will do anything their fewer, their leader says, for example, here over the weekend, Mike Johnson says, why would we ever have to release Donald Trump's medical records? Look how healthy he is. Look how despicable this is. MAGA Mike Johnson. What a coward. Here play this clip you Just to, that did happen under Donald Trump's watch. But lemme just ask you about medical records since you made them.


No, did, no Kristen did. Should Donald Trump release all of his medical Records? Did a new account, Should Donald Trump release all of his medical records? The speaker he has, he, he issued, he issued the records of his physicians. Kamala Harris issued her medical records as diversion because she's desperate. 'cause she's sinking in the polls. Donald Trump's health is on display. Everyone in America can see it. The man works nonstop. He never quits. He's, he probably sleeps four hours a night. He doesn't require as much sleep as the average person. He is an unusual figure. And it, this is the strength that we need in a time like this. We're in the most dangerous moment since World War ii. You have to have strength. You have to have a steady hand. You have to have a commander in chief that our allies respect and our enemies fear.


They do not fear Kamel Harris, Mr. Mr. They do fear Donald Trump, Mr. Speak. That's What people are gonna vote On. Mr. Just be very clear, he hasn't released all of his medical Rele records. He released two letters. Should he release the results of the cognitive Tests? It's unnecessary. He's on display every minute. So it's unnecessary. You can see that he, he didn't release his medical records. You don't wanna know things like his cholesterol level, whether he's dealing with any issue that we may not know about, if he's gonna be commander in chief. And he also said he would relieve cognitive Tests. Listen to your question. Should he release that? The, The American people, Kristen, the American people don't care about the cholesterol level of Donald Trump. They care about the cost of living and the fact they cannot pay for groceries. Okay? Because hair Kamala Harris and Joe Biden's policies have put them in that situation.


The medical records are irrelevant. Let's talk about things that the American people care about. That's why Donald Trump is surging in the polls. 'cause he's doing that on stages in interviews nonstop around the clock. And Kamala Harris has done nothing. Every time she talks, her numbers go down because she is uniquely unqualified to be the commander in chief at one of the most dangerous times in the history of the country. That's a fact. Mr. Speaker. Let, very quickly, let me, On the other hand, here's Vice President Kamala Harris on the tar back a day or two ago, basically saying it's obvious that Donald Trump is hiding something. Play the clip.


Hi guys. I'm outta vice. So you said I released my medical records today Outta work today. I appreciate you. So today I released my medical records as has I believe every candidate for president of the United States except Donald Trump in this election cycle. And it's just a further example of his lack of transparency that on top of his unwillingness to debate, again, his unwillingness to do an interview with 60 Minutes, which again, is part of the norm of what anyone running for President United States does. And I think that it's obvious that his team at least does not want the American people to see everything about who he is.


And you put that on top of even the most recent reports of General Mille, one of the people who worked the closest for Donald Trump referring to him as being unstable. And it is clear to me that he and his team do not want the American people to really see what it is that he is doing and whether or not he actually is fit to do the job of being president of the United States. Here's Vice President Kamala Harris's advisor, Ian Sams to Fox play the clip. So Today I released my medical records as has I believe every candidate for president of the United States except Donald Trump in this election cycle.


And it's just a further example of his lack of transparency that on top of his unwillingness to debate, again, his unwillingness to do an interview with 60 Minutes, which again, is part of the norm of what anyone running for president of the United States does. And I think that it's obvious that his team at least does not want the American people to see everything about who he is. And you put that on top of even the most recent reports of General Mille, one of the people who worked the closest with Donald Trump referring to him as being unstable. And it is clear to me that he and his team do not want the American people to really see what it is that he is doing and whether or not he actually is fit to do the job of being president of the United States.


So I Just to give you a throwback of Donald Trump consistently covering up his medical records, my co-host on political Beatdown, Michael Cohen, when he spoke in front of Congress, he said, look, I was trying to find, get Donald Trump's medical records because when Cohen was on the dark side, when he was helping Donald Trump, he wanted to show that Donald Trump had bone spurs as Donald Trump claimed, which is why Trump said he avoided Vietnam. Although Donald Trump said that he claims he's avoided STDs. He claims, and he says that that was his personal Vietnam and that he's more courageous than our soldiers because he avoided getting STDs are.


So that's what he claims. But here's what Michael Cohen said. Let's play it. Mr. Trump tasked me to handle the negative press surrounding his medical deferment from the Vietnam draft. Mr. Trump claimed it was because of a bone spur. But when I asked for medical records, he gave me none and said that there was no surgery. He told me not to answer the specific questions by reporters, but rather offer simply the fact that he received a medical deferment. He finished the conversation, the following comment, you think I'm stupid, I'm not going to Vietnam.


And I find it ironic, Mr. President, that you are in Vietnam right now, and yet I continue to work for him.


Fall is planting season. It's true. Many plants actually do better when planted this time of year, but it could be hard to know where to start. That's why over 2 million Americans trust fast-growing trees, the world's largest online nursery and the easiest way To get the yard you've always wanted. They've everything you could possibly want, like fruit trees, palm trees, evergreens, houseplant, and so much more. Whatever you're interested in, they have it for you. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast growing trees makes it easy to order online. And your plants are shipped directly to your door in one to two days. And along with their Alive and Thrive guarantee, they offer free plant consultation forever. I ordered a lemon tree from fast growing trees and planted it in front of my house. Now every year I get the best tasting lemons just by walking outside. Plus my art smells like citrus. I convinced my friend to buy an avocado tree from fast growing trees and he raves about it. I made him bring me over a few, you know, as a little finder's fee. And I could say they were some of the best avocados I've ever had. The experts at fast growing trees curate thousands of plants so you could find the perfect fit for your specific climate, location and needs. And right now they have the best deals online, up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show get an additional 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout fast-growing trees.com code Midas offer is valid for a limited time. Terms at conditions may apply.


Now remember that following the Butler Pennsylvania incident, people were saying, okay, release the medical records. You say you were shot in, in your ear. If you were shot with an AR 15 bullet and it hits your head, you don't just get a boo booo. Okay? That's not the way ar 15 bullets work. But Donald Trump would hold press conferences like this further showing the severe cognitive decline he's in. He's like, look at my lobe. My lobe. And by the way, he doesn't even know what a lobe is. Play this clip. Yeah, pretty, pretty much recovered. Yeah, I'm a fast healer. He's a hell of a shot, but I'm a fast healer. Yeah, pretty much. Pretty much recovered.


Do you have any hearing damage from No, it didn't hit that. I got very lucky. It, it just, it just hit the, the lobe as they call it. Car. Is there a scar on your Gear? Yeah, a little bit. Not much on top. I ask you about on immigration a little. The bandage wasn't on a, wasn't on a lobe. Talking about Donald Trump covering up his medical records. Let's not forget his personal physician, who is his personal physician who passed away in 2021. This guy right here, Dr. Harold Bornstein. What kind of doctor is Harold Bornstein? A gastroenterologist. What types of issues are we seeing present themselves in public by Donald Trump?


Potentially Donald Trump relieving himself, soiling himself in public. His personal physician is a gastro. And as you know, we've had sources here at the Midas Touch Network who have sent us documentation saying they were being treated for gastro related issues and saw Donald Trump in there as well. And also noticed a putrid odor coming from Donald Trump. Here's Harold Bornstein though back in May of 2018, saying that Donald Trump sent thugs to come into his doctor's office to seize Donald Trump's medical file here, play this clip. Exactly. Were They looking for all his medical records, his pictures, anything they could find? He must have been in here for 25 or 30 minutes who created a lot of chaos.


I couldn't believe anybody was making a big deal about a drug that's to grow, to grow his hair, which seemed to be so important. And it certainly is not a breach of medical trust to tell somebody they take CIA to grow their hair. What's the matter with that? So what does Donald Trump now do? And you know, whenever he says things like this, he's overcompensating for serious, serious issues. He always does this, which is why I think there's a lot of things that he's hiding right now. I mean, a lot of his behavior, right? It's open and obvious. The guy can't even complete sentences right now, corporate media acts like this is normal. The guy doesn't even speak in sentences, right? What does Trump say now?


He goes, I do the weave. He goes, no one does the weave like me. You know what that means? That means he's so cognitively fried, he can't do sentences. So now he's calling it the weave that he says all of these things at once where he's just word salad mixed together. That's why he calls it the weave. But here he says that his doctor, Ronnie Jackson, he goes, who I don't even think is licensed anymore, claims that he's healthier than Obama, Clinton, Bush, Biden here, play this clip. And you know who gave me the first time I ever even heard of it, Dr. Ronnie, do you know Doc Ronnie? He's one of the great congressman now, Ronnie Jackson. He was the doctor.


He's an admiral. He was the doctor in the White House. He was my doctor. He was Obama's doctor too, by the way. I said, who's healthier? He said, sir, there's no contest. I won't tell you the answer, but you know the answer. Okay? It was me. And he said, you're the healthiest guy. He said, if he didn't eat junk food, he'd live to 200 years old. That's my kind of a doctor. But No, Donald, you are not healthier than former president Barack Obama. But Donald Trump's mindset in saying these things, this is so much like all of these authoritarians, whether it's the Putins or the Kim Jong-Un's or the Saddam Husseins, the Gaddafi's. Look how good looking I am.


It's all this weird cult of personality, which is why one of the things that Donald Trump does is he, he does this AI images of himself and he's got these AI images, the trading card AI images of himself just so bizarre that don't even look like what he looks like here. By the way, though, I just wanna show you like why I think it's important that we cover this. Because you remember corporate media was saying all these things about President Biden's Health, where meanwhile, despite the fact that President Biden is older, on the older side, undisputed fact, Biden released a seven page detailed medical report that listed absolutely everything, everything.


And remember when CNN was going crazy about that? Hey, release it, release it. Here's Dana Bash, for example, speaking over here about that and, and, and watch this. Remember this interview, play the clip, This, this debate. Should the president release his full medical records? Would that help? Well, I think both of 'em should release this President gonna release this. When has Trump released records? He's released a bunch of foolishness from two doctors, one of whom is serving in the Congress now and is being challenged with his performance while being a doctor in the White House went to college, his, his prescription, the candy store.


No, I think that everybody should be judged by the same rules. So I don't know anything about either one of 'em records without doing this, we know much more about Joe Biden's health records than we know about Donald Trump, and nobody is asking for it. If anybody displays off the wall stuff, it was right on display for us in that debate the other night. Joe Biden has a history of stuttering. He did that as a child. All of us know how stutterers operate. I went to school with one. So when you have wor trouble getting outta the word, that is what comes from stuttering.


But when he expressed opinions, he was on the money with the pensions. He may not have gotten the word out, but the thoughts were great. I always like to show this image right here from the Sasha Baron Cohen movie, the Dictator right there, because to me this is exactly Donald Trump's. You know, the way Donald Trump approaches thing, it's beyond parody. I think about the movie Idiocracy, and then Donald Trump posts things like this. The fake news used artificial intelligence to create the picture on the top left. These are despicable people. Everyone knows that the other pictures are me hitting golf balls today to show the difference. Sadly, our country, this is the fake news that you will always get.


What are we talking about anyway, I I've been showing you these clips for a reason. I'll show you the clip one more time of Donald Trump, I believe relieving himself in public during the Detroit Economic Club speech. Here, watch this. This is a catastrophe for the American dream and a dire crisis from commerce to labor to FEMA Judge for yourself. But we need to be talking about this and there should be a whole national conversation about his release of his medical records. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.