
The NBA 82 game grind is done, and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Donald Trump just wrapped up a disastrous press conference in the Oval Office with the Prime Minister of Italy. Of course, Donald Trump mostly made it about himself, his grievances, his retribution. Donald Trump spent the time attacking the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell, who Donald Trump himself appointed in 2017. Play this clip, Mr. President On Jerome Powell. On Jerome Powell. You said that the termination of Jerome Powell cannot not come fast enough. He says he won't leave even if you ask him to. Do you Believe you have? If I ask him to, he'll be out of there, but I don, do you believe You have the power to remove him? I don. And are you trying to do that? I Don't think he's doing the job.


He's too late. Always too late, little slow. And I'm not happy with him. I let him know it and if I want him out, he'll be out of there real fast. Believe me, Donald Trump continued to attack Chairman Powell because Chairman Powell accurately described that our economy is having big problems now created by the Trump regime. Donald Trump in this Oval Office press conference says he doesn't know what Congo even is, the country. He doesn't know what it is, but he says they're doing bad things. Play this clip All over the world.


The Congo in Africa. Many, many people come from the Congo. I don't know what that is, but they came from the Congo and all over the world. They came in, opened it. Donald Trump next addresses the school shooting that took place at the FSU Student Union, or I should say he mentions that he doesn't really address it. His statement is quote, things like this take place is his response to the horrific tragedy that took place today. Play this clip everybody. And I've been briefed on the Florida State University, Tallahassee active shooter. I guess it's an active shooter.


Fully brief, brief as to where we are right now. It's a shame. Horrible thing. Horrible. But things Like this take place And we'll have more to say about it later. Donald Trump then said that Jerome Powell, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, is going to face a lot of political pressure. He goes, you know, these are political guys and so you're gonna face a lot of pressure. Play this clip. It's come down quite a bit and and I would say the Fed really owes it to the American people to get interest rates down. That's the only thing he's good for. And he would have an effect on that if he, if he, if he lowered them. And I think at some point he will.


He's gonna have a lot of political pressure. You know, they are political also. And I think there's a lot of political pressure for him to lower interest rates. Okay, yeah, go ahead. Sorry, please. Once again, let me repeat. Donald Trump appointed Chairman Powell in 2017. Okay, so now Donald Trump is attacking his own person because his own person is saying accurately that the economy is struggling right now because of Trump's failed trade war with the world. Donald Trump then says that Jimmy Carter, late president is actually a happy man.


He died happy because he was better than Biden. This is again, the deranged, demented mind of a freaking lunatic Here, Play this clip. Were useless. They were incompetent. Worst administration in the history of our country, worse than Jimmy Carter. Jimmy Carter died a happy man. You know why? Because he wasn't the worst president Joe Biden was. So I think you're gonna see some fantastic numbers. Well, this all happens. It's happening now. I mean, everybody wants to make a deal. A reporter then asks Donald Trump to clarify his views about Chairman Powell and about what he intends to do to Chairman Powell. If Chairman Powell does not reduce interest rates Here, Play this clip.


Can you clarify Andre cuts? Do you intend to see Powell's firing if he doesn't change his stance on cuts? Or is that, is that on the table or is that Well, I think he should do the red cuts because I think if Europe has done it, he puts us at a disadvantage to Europe. I mean, he plays right into the hands, so I think he should do the rate cuts. We don't have really inflation now. I just said the major things are going down. Oil is great. Oil is way ahead of schedule and that's because of our policies. But oil is down into the $60, $65 range now per barrel. And I told you in certain states we have less than $2 for gasoline and food is down.


Groceries as we call it, is are down other than interest rates, everything's down. Interest rates are pretty flat. They're not. It's not that they're up, but we should be better than flat. We should, if he would lower the interest rate, I think would have a good impact on that too. But the costs are down. We have very little inflation, I would say. We have essentially no inflation, hard to have inflation when oil goes down. And it's just interesting that Donald Trump continues to cite Europe's Central Bank as a reason. The United States should be doing interest rate cuts. You know, Donald, we were doing interest rate cuts in the United States, you know when under former President Biden, you know why?


Because inflation was hitting its fed target rate of 2% based on things like the inflation reduction Act. Former President Biden had to clean up the mess left by you, the arsonist. The arsonist then claimed that the person putting out the fire was actually the arsonist. You came back into power. And now once again, voila, you are the arsonist again, screwing up the economy, causing inflation to rise, such that interest rates can't be taken down. Now, one of the expressions that I've heard, and Carl Quintanilla has said it before, what Trump wants to do is try to burn down the house in order to cook a steak. So you're trying to destroy the entire economy, blow it all up to what?


To to lower the interest rates when the economy is going to be literally the worst since the Great Depression. Like that's the game plan. Donald Trump then says that there are lots of countries calling them up. So many countries calling them up to make deals and he maybe doesn't even wanna do deals with them. Play this clip Very well with negotiations, I think with all countries. Do you have a timing? And Scott could tell you a little bit, but we are doing very well. We have a lot of countries that wanna make a deal. Frankly, they wanna make deals more than I do. Go Ahead Scott.


You're smart enough to know when something's not working, like when you can't focus at work or when you're dragging by 2:00 PM or when your stomach feels like it's fighting you after every meal. Well, here's the thing, these aren't random symptoms. Your gut impacts everything from your digestion to your brain function to your energy levels. That's why we love Just Thrive Probiotic. Unlike other brands that make big promises but fall apart in your stomach. Just Thrive is the only probiotic clinically proven to arrive in your gut. 100% alive. For you, that means real results, like better digestion, healthy immunity, and more energy to tackle your day. But don't just take our word for it, try. Just Thrive probiotic for 90 days and see how much better you feel if you don't notice a difference. They'll refund every penny, even if the bottle's empty. Start your 90 day risk-free trial today at Just Thrive health.com and use promo code Midas to save 20% on your first bottle. That's Just Thrive health.com. Promo code Midas.


And we heard this earlier today in the White House when Donald Trump was asked about Xi Jinping now meeting with allies of the United States and China cutting deals as Donald Trump has turned America into basically the manifestation of a Trump dollar sign, meme coin or a dollar sign. Melania meme coin. Play this clip. I'm China. I'm China president. You said you had sign, you had said the fact that you aren't worried about allies growing closer to China as a result of the Terras, and this week we saw Chinese change is with three of our allies. Should you be worried about? No, they're going closer. No, no.


Will You pick up nobody. Nobody can compete with us. Nobody Going back to the Disastrous Oval Office press conference. Donald Trump is asked again about, you know these, you know what? What about these trade deals Americans are suffering? To which Donald Trump says, Americans aren't suffering. We're doing great. He goes, everything's down, prices are down, things are great. Americans are thriving, they're great again. Right now. He goes, the only thing that's bad is interest rates. Play this clip that you did Say that you are confident these deals will be done. But you also said that you're in no rush. Americans are seeing prices rise. They're seeing it on their bills. How long can they expect that pain to last? So they've already seen it get much better because if you were truthful, which you're not, you know you very well, you have gasoline that hit and dollar 98 yesterday in a couple of states.


You have gasolines way down. The price of oil has dropped substantially. I'm gonna bring the data at the end of this video. Don't worry where I'm going to fact check everything that he's saying. 'cause it's all 100% false. But what else is new? How do you know Donald Trump and Mag is lying? They open up their mouth here. Donald Trump then talks about the only thing that's going up are interest rates Play this clip Really done. So price is ever gonna, the only thing that's gone up actually is interest rates because we have a Federal Reserve chairman that is playing politics. Somebody that I've never been very fond of actually, but he's playing politics. Interest rate should be down now.


They should be coming down in Europe as you know, I guess seven times. It looks like they're gonna reduce them again and again and again. But our guy wants to play cute. But interest rates are pretty much even maybe they went up just a slight bit, but that's the only thing. But that's because of the Federal Reserve, because they're not very smart people. Trump is then asked, what's gonna happen, Donald, if a federal judge holds you in contempt and Trump like throws his DOJ under the bus? He's like, oh, it's not gonna be me. Ask the lawyers, ask the DOJ lawyers. You hear that DOJ lawyers Here Play this clip, Mr.


Hold you in contempt. Will you take steps to return Kmar Abrego Garcia to the United States and put him in front of a judge? Well, I'm not involved in it. I'm gonna respond by saying you'll have to speak to the lawyers, the DOJ. I've heard many things about him and we'll have to find out what the truth is. Again, just take a look at some charts. I like charts. I like data. I'm a data guy. I'm a chart guy. Federal spending up right now, more federal spending now than under former President Biden for everything that Doge said it was gonna do and didn't do it. The US dollars having the worst start to a year since 1995.


Consumer confidence right now is at its lowest point since 1981. Its second lowest point since 1951 or 52 when University of Michigan really started doing its consumer confidence survey. We've now heard from the Atlanta Fed, which believes negative 2.2% GDP contraction in quarter one. We've heard from the New York and Philly Feds, which show manufacturing declining at a rapid pace. American Express put out guidance, assuming in their guidance that there will be an average unemployment of around 5.7%, but they think that their business will be largely immune from any great recession because they have wealthy people as clientele.


This just in mortgage rates see the largest one week hike and nearly a year reaching their highest level in two months. I've seen some mortgage rates as high as seven, 7.5%, some slightly lower, but housing is not more affordable. Prices are going up the price of eggs. Remember, the price of eggs are higher. Donald Trump is a complete liar and a complete failure and everything that he does, but he goes there in the Oval Office and lies like living people breathe. That's kind of how Donald Trump exists, as I said in my substack on Midas Plus dot com today. Go check it out Midas Plus dot com and spell it right, MEIDAS PLU s.com. I said Donald Trump's an expert in one thing, fraud.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store dot Midas Touch dot com all 100% USA Union made.