
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don, no, no, no. We honestly, when I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


Spare me those crocodile tears and that pearl clutching that President Biden pardoned his son Hunter. This happens at the same time that we learn that Donald Trump wants to make cash. Patel, his FBI director, someone who literally wants to tear the FBI to the ground. So while Donald Trump made his first term administration quite literally a criminal enterprise, and he is doing the same before our very eyes, whereas Donald Trump previously pardoned his daughter's father-in-law who engaged in surreptitious video recording of his own brother-in-law, cheating on his sister with a prostitute that he set up, and then gave the video to his sister part of the guy and made him the ambassador of France.


While all of this is going on, you wanna attack President Biden for giving Hunter a pardon, where Hunter was charged with checking a box on a gun form that he was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol in 2018. Because subsequently, Hunter wrote an autobiography where he talked about being on drugs when he bought the gun. You're using the guy's own autobiography about redemption and about healing from addiction to criminally prosecute him something that's never been done before. Oh, and paying his taxes late was the other felony criminal charge. So President Biden pardons Hunter for that.


And now I'm hearing all these hot takes out there, and not just from the usual suspects on Fox, but on others who are saying, well, I guess now Donald Trump could do whatever he wants. Great work, president Biden, you're letting Donald Trump do anything he wants. Donald Trump was doing it already. So stop with the normalization, stop with the both sides. Get tough and start pushing back. It's quite literally the reason why Democrats keep on losing. And If you haven't told already, it is pissing me off. I want to talk about that. I also want to talk about some glimmer of hope for democracy taking place in Georgia, not the state of Georgia, the country of Georgia, especially in their capital city of Tbilisi, where a pro-democracy movement right there is challenging the Putin backed governing party right there.


You see these scenes right there. I've described it as potentially foreshadowing what Washington DC is going to be looking like. Pretty soon. If Donald Trump keeps up trying to destroy our democracy, because we are not going to just sit back and take it. The people of the United States of America will be there on the front lines with you are going to push back. Oh, did I mention that the New Navy secretary, who Donald Trump appointed is someone who never been in the Navy before. No military experience, just a hedge fund guy who's now leading the Navy. I'm supposed to just normalize that and what not report on that, or how about the defense secretary picked by Donald Trump in addition to his mommy sending him a letter back in 2018, calling him an abuser of women who needs help.


We're now learning that the only thing that he actually led relating to the military, 'cause he never led an actual military company before, but a veterans group basically pushed him out because they alleged that he was like drunk all the time and sexually harassing women all the time and strippers and more NDAs. And that's what he did when he led a veterans organization. He denies the allegation, but people at the veterans groups, two of them, not just one, two of them say that's what's going down. And then you gotta remember his mom sends him an email at the same time calling him an abuser of women. We got a lot to talk about folks on the show. I'm fired up, Brett and Jordy, how are you doing?


We do indeed. I'm doing well. I feel relaxed after the holiday weekend, at least until the news cycle today and some of the takes that I've been seeing. But I hope everybody did enjoy their holiday. I hope you were able to spend it with the ones you love, whether that's friends or family or your chosen family, whoever it may be. I hope you were able to get out there, maybe take a, a break from the media for a little bit, a break from politics for a little bit and really dig into the things that are important in your life. I know we had a a very nice time. It was great hanging out with family and, and great reflecting on, on the past year. And of course then we wake up today and see this just shit storm, for lack of a better word, from the corporate media.


And you know, you said not, you know, all the usual, just the usual suspects on the Trump side of things, but many of the usual suspects who, who are apparently on the pro-democracy side of things, it just seems like for so long people say, it's time for Democrats to fight fire with fire. Why are we playing nice? It's time to step up and do something. And then the second President Biden says, okay, bet let's do something. I'm gonna do something. I'm gonna counter this extremist administration that's coming in that's been threatening my son, that's been threatening the safety of the media that's been threatening us all. I'm going to do something about it the second he does that. Oh my God, look, let me clutch my pearls.


I cannot believe that they would, he would do such a thing. I thought Democrats were the party of decency. I thought this was a morality. What happened to mu what happened to the pure party? Who said that? By the way, who's made this? Who, who has said this? Other than people in bad faith trying to argue against things like this? I for one, am happy with President Biden's Dec decision. That's my personal deci that's my personal opinion. We're gonna dig into all the news of the day, but first I gotta check in with little bro. Jordy, what's up Jordy? What's up brothers? What's up minus smarty? I'm doing great. I'm fired up. Let's just get into it. Benji, where do we wanna start? Brett, you mentioned people gathered around the Thanksgiving table last week. Friends and family all together notice a lot of the attacks from the right wing and their top influencers.


People like Ka turd, who actually is a top Republican account and influencer right now. I mean, they, they, they mocked Hunter Biden for drug addiction. They mocked him for being naked, for having consensual sex. And they would show his nudes. And you know, for me, you know, the moment that actually made me support President Biden back in the 2020 campaign, it's when I heard the voicemail that Mags used to attack President Biden to say, look, Hunter Biden's addiction is a real thing. And the audio recording was President Biden then previous vice president running for office.


But the audio recording happened at a time when President Biden was not running for office. This wasn't a political move when Hunter Biden was suffering from addiction. It happened after his brother Bo had died tragically of cancer being exposed to toxic burn pits for actually serving our country with dignity and bravery. But Hunter Biden suffered from addiction and President Biden called him up when Hunter Biden was at his lowest when Hunter Biden was doing things that anybody would regret. Self-destructive behavior of the worst kind. Em embarrassing to President Biden, who was then in between jobs and just finished being the vice president.


And President Biden said, son, I love you. I'm here for you. I will never let you down. I will never let you be on the streets alone. You always have a home with me. You always have a father. I love you. When I heard that, I said, bet this is a good man. This is a decent man. And we all know people, friends, family, coworkers, many who may be sitting around the Thanksgiving table who have been in recovery, if they're lucky, you know, we probably know people who have lost their lives to addiction. And for MAGA Republicans always punching down, trying to make Hunter relapse as a way to attack President Biden to go after his son, after his other son died.


To me it was always the height of evil. And I was always looking to like, why are Democrats buying into this narrative as well of, of like Hunter being this horrifically horrible person. Hunter screwed up. Hunters admitted that he committed crimes crimes by the way that no one else has ever been prosecuted for, and crimes that MAGA otherwise think don't exist. Could you imagine if people were actually charged with being under the influence of drugs or alcohol at or around the time they purchased a firearm? How many people would be prosecuted for felonies? Right? That's what Hunter Biden was prosecuted for. The other thing was paying his taxes late, which would otherwise be a civil penalty.


So yes, president Biden did before say that he would not pardon Hunter, but also that predates Donald Trump. Literally picking people like Cash Patel who are on record saying that they will do the most heinous and horrific things to Hunter Biden. Frankly, I think if Donald Trump picked a Bill Barr type person, you know, to who by the way, horrific or ano or horrific picks of that ilk, but who weren't like literally cash Patel, people who launder in the worst and most dangerous conspiracies Cash Patel, someone who has said he will literally go after any media who says negative things and use the full force of the FBI to attack people.


He's been on the record of saying, I'm going after Hunter. What do you expect Joe Biden to do when Donald Trump makes that move? I think President Biden gave Donald Trump the benefit of the doubt. And you wanna get angry at President Biden for doing something. Maybe it's giving him the benefit of the doubt. Maybe it's inviting Trump to the White House, shaking his hand, smiling maybe, and trying to act like this is a normal transition. You know, maybe you say, well, why'd you do that? You wanna make some blame? Maybe you say, well, why in the first place did you even say you weren't going to pardon? Right? Why? You didn't even have to go and say that with all of the lawlessness. You wanna have a fair argument with me? You can maybe talk to me about those things. But after Donald Trump picks Cash Patel as his FBI director, again, as I said at the outset, I don't wanna hear the Pearl collection.


I don't wanna hear the crocodile tears and the, oh my God, how can this be done? Donald Trump is running a criminal enterprise during this transition, and President Biden needs to fight back. He really does. He needs to protect his family and he needs to protect this country, which he's trying to do during these very difficult time periods during this transition. It happens at the same time, Brett and Jordy and Midas mighty that we learn over the weekend that the new ambassador to France is gonna be Jared Kushner's daddy. Yes, Jared Kushner's daddy, someone who Donald Trump pardoned in 2020 for engaging or gave clemency to in 2020, someone who previously engaged in election legal violations or election law violations, and then attacked the key witness to the prosecutor who happened to be Chris Christie, the Republican United States attorney from New Jersey during that period.


So the key witness was Kushner's dad's brother-in-law, so his sister's husband. So Kushner's dad hired a prostitute to go have sex with his sister's husband and then took the tape and showed it to his sister because his brother-in-law was gonna testify against him. And that was added as an additional charge. Now the ambassador to France, and then you see people like Dinesh Desa, you know, all these MAGA republicans out there saying, told you he was gonna pardon Hunter Dinesh Desa was pardoned by Donald Trump. You wanna look at this Donald Trump Pardon? List of people that Donald Trump actually pardoned. It's like the worst of the worst people in the world, including Donald Trump's own criminal co-conspirators, right?


But you don't have a peep. Why? 'cause that's Trumpy and Trump. It's Trumpy and Trump. Biden has to have absolute perfection. Trump can just be completely lawless and criminal. And then again, we hear the same voices and it's kind of obvious when you hear these same voices over and over again, like where the losing is actually coming from. And it, and it's just beyond frustrating at this point. Yeah, and like you, you just, you know, how do I say this delicately? I'm getting a little bit of P-P-T-S-D from the endless news cycles throughout the election against President Biden, where it was day in and day out, the mainstream media and certain pundits going on TV and saying horrible things about President Biden destroying his approval ratings, de destroying his poll numbers, and then using that as an example of why Biden should get out.


And I I I'm getting that sort of same energy from them now. And Ben, just like you said, they don't reserve that same energy. They don't hold that same space as the kids are saying right now, Jordy, they don't hold that space for Donald Trump's activities. They just brush it off as that is just Trump being Trump. We expect him to put these kooky, deranged maniacs to lead the FBI. We expect him to put unqualified people in all these positions to reward his cronies, who he pardoned with positions in his administration. We expect that from him. But Joe Biden, how could you stoop to this level? How could you do such a thing? And we just hear this day in and day out, and I'm sorry, or not sorry, honestly, but I do not think that President Biden owes hi has to sacrifice his son's freedom in order to satisfy your hot takes.


I don't think he needs to sacrifice his family and the last few years that he will have on this planet with his son in order to appease your hot take that you wanna get on M-S-N-B-C with or CNN with on Fox News News, with, I'm sorry. And especially I say that in the light of the fact that this incoming Department of Justice And I think Harry Litman, I read a great piece on Harry Litman, so good substack today, which I recommend you read. Harry Litman, a former prosecutor at the Department of Justice, laid out the case, addressed basically all of the arguments against the pardon and said why he believes that the pardon is legitimate and in the reign of where your, of where pardons are supposed to actually take place here.


And so what Harry basically said is that this is completely a warranted thing because you have to look at who this Justice department is that is coming in. And to Ben's point, this is not a Bill Barr Justice Department, which is still an extremist justice department that I'm not defending whatsoever. But this is even so far beyond that where you have a guy like Cash Patel who will be running the FBI, you have people coming into positions of power who have literal enemies lists, enemy lists with people in the government on about who they wanna prosecute, who they wanna lock up, who they wanna take down. This is not an American thing that is happening right now. This is not a normal system of justice. And then we have people like Cash Patel, who have openly over the past few years, over and over and over and over again, stated on these various right wing programs that they do not care about what Hunter Biden has been charged with.


They do not care about the activities of the media or whatever, but they are going to come after them with new charges. They are going to make their lives hell. This is something that Cash Patella said on numerous occasions, while he thinks he is just, you know, on these right wing MAGA podcasts that nobody's listening to, but you know, who is listening to and watching these MAGA podcasts and is keeping note of every single word. Midas Touch editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski, who does this all day and night. So it was really no surprise to me that Ron Philip Kowski, who also is a former Republican, you know, had a high positions in the Republican party. He was a, a federal prosecutor, a state prosecutor, Ron Philip Kowski reached the same conclusion as us independently because he has been monitoring these people day in, day out.


And he knows their plans for Hunter Biden. He knows their plans to torture Joe Biden, he knows their plans to come after the media. And If you know these people, you know that they are not messing around when they make these threats. These are not empty threats. So if you're just dipping your toes into this crazy right wing MAGA ecosystem and you think, oh, they're just being bombastic and they're just, they're just saying things And I didn't hear them say that. I only heard 'em say X, Y, and Z. Let's listen to the people who have been researching and speaking about the sort of stuff day in and day out. Because the threats that they are making right now are serious threats. Those are an affront to justice.


Those are threats that people need to take seriously. And I think President Biden is taking those threats seriously. When you have a Cash Patel openly saying that he plans on making his life hell, that he plans on locking up Hunter Biden for new crimes. When you hear that sort of stuff, you need to take it seriously and you have to act. And I think the final straw, quite frankly was probably when Cash Patel, this maniac, this unhinged, you know, the Trumpist to the Trump, not only a loyalist but a conspiracy theorist, really everything that is wrong with this MAGA movement and their view of how our system should operate when you have him being announced to be the FBI director, to me that is red alert.


That is red alert. And everything that you even said before to me doesn't even matter. It doesn't apply. The entire game has changed when that comes to be a reality and you better react. And quite frankly, the media should understand this as well. The corporate media should understand this, that Cash Patel wants to come after you cash. Patel wants to come after us. We are very aware of that over here. We don't have to have broadcast licenses, but there are certainly other ways he could come after us. But Cash Patel wants to come after you. And the sooner you realize that these people are serious when they make their threats, the better it will be for our democracy. You better act like it and you better realize what we're up against folks.


Jordy perfectly said Brett, and lemme just add to this it, the purity test of, but Biden lied and like just the, the fake sort of outrage about that one. I don't even, I don't even believe that he lied. What, what what clearly had transpired here, Brett, is exactly how you laid that out. He's dealing with a new, you know, subset of facts that was different from when he made that original announcement. Now, did he have to make that announcement? Probably not back then, but we're dealing in today's world and in today's world, that's a Cash Patel FBI director role. And that's a scary situation for a Biden to be in. And so what he did, if, If you wanna look at this and say it's political, what was political was them going after Hunter the way they were after Hunter, if his name was Brad Smith, Brett and Ben, you can't tell me that this would've gone so far as to where this all is.


Now they're going after Hunter because he's a Biden and that's all. So what President Biden did, I commend him. And the fake outrage just has to stop. And your purity test, especially when you've joined this party late and now you're gonna come in and be condescending to the folks that have been here doing the work as If you are right. And no matter what, you're not gonna listen to anybody else. And what you're saying that that's the word, that's the law. Shut up. Shut up man. 'cause we don't wanna hear it. That's not how we act here. We listen here, we gather information, we deal by data and facts, and we move forward that way. Benji, here's the thing. You know, all these people want to whoop Trump's ass, right? Whoop his ass. Let's go after Trump. Who's the person who whooped Donald Trump's ass?


Joe Biden, okay, so much so that in 2024, and probably until Donald Trump's last days, he's gonna still be whining about the 2020 election, right? He still whines about the thing. President Biden whooped him, right? It was victory for the popular vote by like 7 million plus crush Donald Trump in the electoral college. And then President Biden proceeded to enact the most pro worker progressive agenda, pro health, you want us talk, make America healthy again. He's a guy who's reducing the cost of healthcare, expanding the Affordable Care Act, allowing Medicare to negotiate, to bring down drug prices.


I mean, you've got the most ProHealth, pro worker, progressive person, infrastructure, act, pact, act, inflation reduction Act. I mean, surgically going in and doing all pro-union, all of the things you wanted the guy to do, Biden did. And yet that was never enough. And you have to understand why Biden's frustrated about it. It, it was never enough. Biden identified the need, but given Biden's age, I think he has not been able to communicate it. He needed some help communicating. He needed people to rally behind these ideas, but he identified the issue that workers are being screwed by an oligarchy.


And that's why Biden kept on saying bottom up, middle out. And there was once a time where biden's statesman step, statesmanship like approach, as I've said, the Teddy Roosevelt theory of speak soft or walk soft and carry a big stick. You can be quiet, you, you don't have to be obnoxious and loud. To me, that's always better than walking loud and obnoxious and waving your hands and then having a little teeny tiny stick like Donald Trump. And these magnets have real power, can be exercised with dignity and quietly that's what it should be. But right now, in a social media age, that just doesn't exist anymore. But rather than uplift Biden doing the things that he said he was going to do and and getting infrastructure, getting all of these things, it was just been attack attack.


Attack him, attack him, give him no support. Always, always, always. It's because they never really wanted him to be the president in the first place, even though he's the guy who whooped Trumps ass. Anyway, let's take our first quick break of the show. I wanna remind everybody about patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas Touch. If you wanna meet me, Brett and Jordy, we're doing these weekly meetings now, and I'd love to see you there. Let's take our first quick break of the show,


one of the single biggest predictors of how long you'll live and how good you feel while living is your metabolic health. Now I strongly believe that you can't manage what you don't measure, and metabolic health can be difficult to measure. This is why I use levels to track my daily health metrics and habits and ultimately optimize my metabolic health levels. Helps me understand how my food and lifestyle decisions are impacting my health in the short term. I use levels to optimize my energy levels during the day and manage my weight in the long term. I'm thinking about the many chronic diseases that are directly linked to metabolic health, including diabetes, heart disease, and Alzheimer's. I use levels with a continuous glucose monitor to get my own personalized data, which I found to be really powerful to understand my own unique physiology. But you can also now use levels without a continuous glucose monitor. I never realized how much pasta could really spike my glucose until I started using levels. Levels has completely changed how and what I consume each day. The health and energy improvements I've seen since starting this journey has been a complete game Changer. Levels has recently launched some exciting new features to help track your macros, protein, fiber, fat, carbohydrates, and sugar, and create daily habits around your health goals. They also provide insights based on trends in your health metrics to help guide you to make the best decisions that will have a positive impact on your health. Metabolic health is about glucose and much more and levels now helps you keep track of it all. Now is a great time to get started. If you've been waiting for the right time to join levels to improve your metabolic health. Right now Levels is offering my listeners an additional two free months of the Levels Annual Membership. When you use my link levels link slash Midas, I don't know how long this offer's gonna last. So If you've been interested in learning more about your metabolic health, now is the time to get started. Levels Link slash Midas.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 answers. Bull market, bear market will rates rise or fall? Will inflation go up or down? Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions with real time insights and forecasting. You're peering into the future with actionable data. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time looking on what's next. I use this and you should too. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunities, download the CFO's Guide to AI and Machine learning at netsuite.com/midas. This guide is free to you at netsuite.com/midas netsuite.com/m EI ds.


Shout out to our pro-democracy sponsors. I've been hearing some great things about levels, like I said last week, they're new to the network. We're big fans of theirs. They do some amazing stuff. Check them out. They told me that their link traffic, that everyone who clicked the link, it was off the charts last week when we did it in the episode. So check it out, go one step further, you know, do the subscription thing. It's awesome. It's really fabulous. Benji, where to next? I wanna remind everybody that when Hunter Biden was on the board of Barisma, it was in between the period where President Biden was the vice president and when he was the president, it was even before President Biden decided to run for president. It was right after Hunter's brother died. Remember, Hunter's biological mom and sister died growing up in a tragic car accident.


He was by his brother Bo's side, who tragically died of cancer after being exposed to toxic burn pits. And Hunter needed work. The reason why he ended up working at Barisma, and people don't know the story, but it's worth knowing, is that he was actually recruited by the pro-democracy president of Poland to be on the board as a check against Russia by trying to turn Barisma more towards the pro-democracy world more, more towards EU, to try to have a friendly voice on the board. That's why Hunter Biden took that job. And for those who are like, oh, it's nepotism, you know, Hunter Biden sat on the Amtrak board and the United Nations Food Program, and you know who appointed him to that position after he graduated from Yale Law School.


And after he was a partner at a major top law firm in the United States, George W. Bush appointed Hunter Biden to those boards. So this was someone with board experience and he took the job because it was a pro-democracy board seat, to try to be a counterbalance to Russia's influence over Barisma. So that's the time period that it ended up taking place. And again, Biden was not in power. On the other hand, Kushner was off making deals in the Middle East with the Saudis for his own fund, while Donald Trump was in power. You had Kushner and Ivanka making what, 600, $700 million before getting two and a half or $3 billion to Kushner's Fund when Kushner was never a fund manager before.


This is all taking place when Trump's in power. So it's quite literally using the, the auspices of the power to, to do this. And it's right in front of our eyes. But for MAGA Republicans, it was always a way to avoid those discussions by go after Hunter. What'd they go after? Hunter for naked photos where you had a, when you had Marjorie Taylor Greene holding up photos of hunter's penis like actual's, penis in hearings. And you'd have to, like you, your family'd, be watching cspan and you'd see a penis. It's like, what are, what are you, what are we even doing here? And they would mock him for the drug use as though drugs are not a major issue in the United States of America.


You know, the same time Donald Trump's attacking Mexico and Canada for a fentanyl addiction in the United States where 99% of consumption of fentanyl is actually by Americans in the United States. And most people who bring fentanyl into the United States for that consumption are Americans, or it comes from Asia, but Trump's attacking Mexico for that. You know, when you're attacking that and saying, we need to do ads about drug addiction and this and that. Drug addiction's a serious thing. And when you mock drug addiction for people who are addicts, it is very triggering to them to have to see that. And that's what the MAGA Republicans were doing over and over again as though they know nobody or they've never had a situation in their life.


And it always pissed me off too, because there was always a conversation that we as human beings forget being Democrats or Republicans or independents, but as human beings, we could have and should have defended Hunter the way we would've defended a family member suffering from addiction. Because that attack on hunters an attack on people in your family who you've lost to addiction, who struggle with addiction now, or who are in recovery. And why couldn't we ever just talk about it like normal freaking human beings. That that's be, and and again, it's just not defending things that should be defended and then attacking things that really shouldn't be attacked. It, it's so skewed.


And again, it's, I guess why we started this network and why people are watching this and gravitate toward the Midas Touch Network. 'cause I think they're like, yeah, duh, I don't care what political party I'm, you're just speaking the truth. You're just speaking common sense, right? I mean, look, this is Jared Kushner at a recent event that he spoke at where he's asked about the fact that the Saudis gave him over $2 billion for his fund. Now, as a fund manager, the way you usually get paid on this is a two 20 system. You get 2% of the overall fund, every year gets paid to you as salary, and then you get 20% of profits.


So if Jared Kushner did nothing but just collect the money, he'd get 2% of the fund every year. And when you add up all of the money from the Saudis, UAE, the Qataris and other, it's like a $4 billion fund, right? So it's like 20, 30, $40 million every year for just keeping the money in the bank account, even if he doesn't invest the money. And he was the Middle East like envoy for Donald Trump. And one more thing, in addition to naming Jared Kushner's dad as the ambassador to France, Donald Trump named Tiffany Trump's father-in-law as the as as the U, as the Envoy or special advisor to the Middle East.


And he's a guy who does business affairs in the Middle East. I mean, this is all happening before our eyes. And I see all these, oh, Hunter to Biden, Hunter to Biden, just watch Jared Kushner get asked here about the Saudis. And he's like, are we, are we really even talking about this? This is this, we're really going there, here playing this clip. As You said, lots and lots of private equity firms, other folks are, are trying to raise money from Saudi Arabia and are raising money from Saudi Arabia somehow ever stopped after the Jamal Khashoggi murder. Some, some either gave money back or stopped At the time you didn't really, you said you wanted to wait for the DNI report for, for the kind of official report for the State Department report before talking about it. You kind of only give very glancing mentions in your book to it.


The DNI report came out a couple weeks after you left the White House. It says that MBS personally was responsible. Do you agree with the DNI? Do you or do you believe that report? Are we really still doing this, Dan? I mean, yeah, absolutely. So, so let, let's go to this, Okay? And let me show you, are we really doing this? I mean, I got, I mean, Hunter Biden, you know, we're talking about a $4,000 like car payment that that was made by Joe Biden in 2017 or 2018 to Hunter. But I I I I got $4 billion with a B and, and, and, and helped potentially cover up the murder of a, of American journalist from the Washington Post who refuses to do any endorsements now apparently Jeff Bezos.


Oh, but but are we really going there? And then you have Don Jr. Who's out there constantly attacking Hunter, right? Don Jr. Who like did the little sniff when he was watching the, the Elon Musk event. I mean, I don't know what the sniff was, but he did, he did a, she did a sniff is all I'm gonna say. And it was, it was more of a gum. It was a gum. It was a gummy. Oh, was it, was it a gummy, not a sniff, it was a gummy, yeah, I don't know, I don't know what that maybe is getting something from his teeth, like got something, I dunno what that is, but I not here, here he is sitting either first class or on a private jet talking about the deals that he's making with Middle East countries that his dad was involved in policy over here, play this club Guys.


I just did a day trip to Dubai and Oman, we have a project in Oman Projects in Dubai, just checking in on him. The day job, literally, I'm on the ground for 18 hours And I think I did 30 something hours of flying. But if you're gonna fly that much, this is a great way to do it. I'm in first class on Emirates, and this is sick. These beds lie down, go fully flat, the doors closed. You're in your entire enclosed cubbies, pretty spectacular great food, more leg room than I can know what to do with. And like I said, Guys, I I'm, I'm so rich, I, I'll play guys, look how rich I am.


Look, this is pretty sick, guys. I'm so much wealthier than you And I want you, I'm gonna screw you over, but you're gonna vote for my daddy anyway. Even though, even though, even though I'm so much richer and I'm mocking you right now. Ha ha I mean, what I, what is that? I mean, serious. I mean, seriously, what are we watching? And then you wanna see how they normalize it. Here's the headline from the Wall Street Journal, which was acquired by Rupert Murdoch about all of the deals that Trump's doing right now. You know, so we, we make fun of all of the Trump scams, the Trump guitars, which he's getting cease and desist letters from Gibson for stealing, allegedly their intellectual property and the Trump NFTs and the hundred thousand dollars Trump watches and the Trump Bitcoin, what Liberty Financial or whatever they're gonna call it.


But these are all entry points for people who want to buy influence something that sounds a lot like, I don't know, what's the word that starts with a B? It ends with a y is it bribery? Does it sound like that? But this is how they describe it in the Wall Street Journal. Corporate America launches an unorthodox campaign. Un it's unorthodox. Everybody unorthodox to gain, to gain trump's attention. Companies look at scrubbing their left-leaning policies from their website and scoping out appearances on conservative podcasts. Corporate America, is this the way the article says is unleashed again on orthodox campaign to influence Donald Trump's agenda. And the weeks leading up to a second inauguration of period that is emerging as a key stretch for shaping the next administration.


It's called the transition. When would that, when would a transition not be the key stretch to break into the unusual circle of influence that surrounds Trump? What's the unusual circle of influence? Trump and his kids and trying to get money for the Trump family? Chief executives are disgusting things. One way is going on Rogan's podcast. They are buying the Trump family cryptocurrency token and emailing tips about spending cuts to Vivero Swami. They say it's so unironically, they're just buying up his cryptocurrency and then sending tips to something that's going to slash the budget and potentially give exemptions to maybe, I don't know, those people who buy the cryptocurrency.


It sets it in the next paragraph. Those who can garner sway with Trump or his team could ask for exemptions to the forthcoming tariffs and influence staffing. Then it goes on to talk about this guy named, what's this guy's name? Justin's son. So Justin's son is this crypto guy who spent $6 million on a banana, and then Bloomberg did another article on this guy. Trump's crypto project was a bust until Justin's son stepped in and they call him like a flamboyant crypto guy who spent $6 million eating, like eating bananas. He, he's paid $6 million for banana art.


He's someone who's facing security. Was, was that the one with the banana on the, like the banana that was taped to the wall? He's the guy who, yep, he's the guy who bought the duct tape banana. He bought the duct tape Banana's. Very unorthodox. That's all that's going on. Just unorthodox. That's it. He's, it's very unorthodox. He's unorthodoxy facing an SECA Securities and Exchange commission, a lawsuit right now. And they alleged that he engaged in a bunch of improper trading and unusual behavior. He strongly denies those allegations and says that it's bs but nonetheless, he is under an investigation by them. But he comes in after stales of the Trump crypto called World Liberty Financial are falling 93% short of the goal.


They fail to even hit the minimum required to trigger a payout to Trump. But then in comes Justin's son, a flashy, I like the way they call him flash, a flashy China born crypto founder, flashy, it's a goofy way to describe a human being. And then he gives Trump $30 million to the crypto, which means there's basically $15 million goes directly into Trump's hands under that transaction of someone who's under SEC investigation. And again, this guy denies it, but the broader point is, you are getting mad at President Biden for pardoning Hunter.


That, that, that's where you're directing your anger at right now. Do we all see what's going on here? Do you see that America's quite literally for sale and that these oligarchs are a Yeah. Is it so obvious? It's, it's just so, it's just so obvious. It's so obvious. And they love to glamorize people like this as well. They love to glamorize conmen. They love to glamorize, oh, look at this wacky, eccentric, flamboyant billionaire who purchased this banana duct tape to the wall for $6.2 million and then he ate it. And then, oh, look at the, the bad boy of finance with his SEC violations and this and that. It's like, alright, like why are we glossing, wh why are we rehabbing all of these things like that.


And then you realize quite quickly that all of these entities out here who are behind much of these stories and narratives are the same entities that stand to benefit from a Trump presidency, from tax cuts, from exemptions to tariffs, from special treatment in other regards. And so there you have a, a, a crypto bribery scheme that is positioned as a legitimate form of governance. A legitimate form of this is just what people do in their transition process. They, they have cryptocurrencies, they're gonna fail on their own. But then guess what? This eccentric billionaires come in and, and they pump all their money in and then they save it and then people start making demands.


And that's just business baby. That's just business baby. That's just what's happening here. And you just like, And I, and you know, we always go back to this, but you just think if President Biden did one, 1000th of this, if he had a cryptocurrency even to begin with, if he had the, the Biden crypto, if he had the Joe Crypto, the Joe Doge, I dunno what you wanna call it, Joe, that alone, If you imagine Joe Crypto, that alone would send the media into a tailspin and then add onto that these rich billionaire shady figures, I'll say pumping in tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of dollars into these things as they are failing.


And then watching all these corporations around them sending special requests to the people after doing other favors for the individual, you'd say, this sounds like one entire criminal operation, this, that's what this sounds like, right? This is what we're, we're seeing. No, but they don't because they know that they wanna get in on the same schemes. The Wall Street Journal, the Murdochs of the world, the Comcast of the world, they all want a piece of this, which is why you are seeing this behavior that just makes you go like, what the heck is going on right now? E even just the very notion of these companies, and this is probably like the lightest thing that the Wall Street Journal article talked about, but they mentioned how a lot of these companies are changing their policies to appease Trump.


So they're like, you see Walmart, for example, I believe they, they're getting rid of like their, their diversity programs. That's something Walmart's doing to be like, Hey Trump, look, we're with you no more DEI at Walmart, not here. You see a lot of other companies doing things like that as well. It just shows that they're just cowards, that they don't believe in anything that they pretend to believe in. It's just all fake, it's all about their bottom line. They actually don't stand for anything whatsoever. And if the country goes entirely full, 100% fascist, they'd be on board with it 110% as long as they could get a piece of that fascist pie. I mean, it's so obvious to me. Y'all got no interest in, in grabbing some Biden coin?


No, no Biden coin takers over here, Biden, the Wall Street Journal article. In all seriousness, when you look at that, it just shows you why at a core level you just can't trust any sort, sort of corporate media. You just can't. Because when you could see how things could be rehabbed, Brett, I like that word that you used in such a way and framed in such a, in, in such a, a way that feels nuanced using words like unorthodox or, or flamboyant. This or, you know, trying to really make these folks characters in, in this, this isn't a game, this isn't a novel, this isn't a movie. We don't need characters and we don't need us. We, we just want the facts and the data. And by what y'all are doing, corporate media, bending over backwards, getting rid of your own corporate policies to appease the man coming into office.


It's weird and it's deeply dangerous and you're exposing your hand, unlike you ever done before in this world. And here's what we need right now, more than y'all tuning in here day in and day out, because we don't have any corporate stakeholders here. So If you haven't already, subscribe to the YouTube, subscribe to the audio wherever you get your audio, just hit it right now because we bring it for y'all and, and that's why you guys come here for the data and for the facts. And that's what we're doing. And here's what we need now more than ever, we need fighters, right? We need people who are going to stand up to this. And I'm looking around not seeing any, I gotta say I'm really not, maybe a handful. I like Jasmine Crockett over the weekend or, or last night after the news came out about the Hunter Biden that she, from her plane seat spoke out and said, you go Joe, enough of the pearl clutching Bs.


This is how it's done. I appreciate that from representative, by the way. What we love, I love so much about that, Brett. It was instantly, right, she did it from this, she, she controlled her side of the narrative immediately and didn't let anyone. It was exactly what we had talked about in the show last week about how you have come out. Strong people want, people want fighters quickly. Yep, exactly. People want fighters. People don't want people who just cower over and go, oh, I guess, I guess Trump, I guess they just gave permission for Trump to do whatever he wants now. Oh, I guess, oh, maybe he'll actually pardon the Gen Sixers now he's going to do that his first day's in office. If not his first day, he's gonna pardon himself, he's gonna pardon the January Sixers.


That's what's going to happen. And that is actual corruption. I could give a damn, by the way, if Trump were to go and like, pardon don Jr, I really don't care. I think any father would pardon their son or daughter if they were going to be put in jail. Okay, I, that's what I believe. But Trump is going to do some of the most heinous things with his pardon? And you know, the same people are going to be like, well, you know, president Biden gave a permission to pardon the people who attacked the capitol and beat police officers. Hell no he did not. Donald Trump was going to do that. Regardless, it's time that we have people with a spine. And the good thing, Jordy, to your point, is that we have the facts on our side. We have the data on our side, we have the truth on our side.


So we don't need people out there making things up, making our own conspiracy theories. That's not what we need here. We don't need people doing anything else other than telling the truth and telling it unapologetically. And we have the upper hand in that. And I think that is what is so maddening to me that people are just unwilling to go ahead and state that unequivocally and not just bow down to this Trump regime that is coming into place. You see this idea from Timothy Snyder of obeying in advance. You see in real time a bunch of politicians, a bunch of people in the media, a bunch of corporate, all obeying in advance.


And it is absolutely maddening to me. No, the term Jordy, when you talk about the Wall Street Journal, rehabbing, you know, all, all these policies, there was a term for it in the post Nazi world to describe what was taking place then. It was called the Banality of Evil, normalizing it through the kind of language of the day. I do want to be very clear about our language, though. The lawsuit by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission against this individual. Justin Sun is alleging they sued him in 2023 alleging he defrauded investors by manipulating the price of what's of a Tron cryptocurrency with fake trades.


And I want to be very clear that he denies all of the allegations against him, and everybody even occluding him should be entitled to a presumption of innocence. I do wanna simply point out the appearances there though, that you can certainly judge for yourself and should there be a greater focus there. Let's take our last quick break of the show and a reminder patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch. We'll be right back.


So when we started the Midas Touch Network, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now we're able to bring you the best pro democracy merchandise and it's so easy and it's all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million order stage, Shopify's there to help you grow the same way it helped us grow at the Midas Touch Network. Whether you're selling scented soap sounds good, or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all in one e-commerce platform to their in-person POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers with the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to the other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered Allstar, we use Shopify at store dot midas touch.com And I know you know how seamless that is and it's completely revolutionized everything we do. It allows us to easily manage our shop view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products you know and love without Shopify, and we can't speak highly enough about Shopify. Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs like maas, touch of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. So Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash midas, all lowercase, go to Shopify, S-H-O-P-Y. So go to Shopify dot com slash midas now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in Shopify dot com slash Midas.


Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool biotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre alcohol produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have preh alcohol before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. For example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre alcohol and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology Z Biotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to z biotics.com/midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout z biotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So If you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to biotics.com/midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Shout out to our Prodemocracy sponsors links in description of YouTube and audio. Use the links, use the codes. They got great deals right now. Check it out. Some awesome stuff. Midas Touch. Wants to hear from you about your views about the pardon of Hunter Biden in the description below. We have a poll. We've been getting tens of thousands of responses, actually 7,000, but I anticipate by the time the poll's done, we're gonna keep it up for a few days. There'll be tens of thousands, but we've got about 8,000 responses thus far. Add your name, take the poll in the podcast description below. Tell us your view. Should President Biden have pardoned Hunter?


Yes. No, you don't know. Take the poll right now. We're take the poll as soon as the show ends, but make sure you take the poll. One thing I do want to point out though too is that in Donald Trump's email about the pardon of Hunter Biden, it says, breaking news, Joe Biden just pardoned Hunter. And then it says, read emergency response. And then when you clea, when you read Trump's emergency response, guess what gets pulled up? It says, do you stand with Trump against Biden's family corruption? And he's asking for a thousand dollars, $250 and a hundred dollars even after the campaign. He's still asking for money when the campaign is over.


So just to be clear, that's what he is doing. And I'm sure. All those people who are gonna send over a thousand dollars over there are the same people who are going to say, the economy's just been so bad. They probably have given Donald Trump like half their income at this point. Between all of the little things that he's been selling that I talked about earlier in the show, new updates about Donald Trump's Secretary of Defense pick Peter Hegseth. We learned on Friday, New York Times got their hands on a letter sent in 2018 by his mommy. His mom is named Penelope Heif.


She is a well-known life coach in the life coach community. And she sent him an email that, and also sent it to his ex-wife, then wife at the time where she called her own son an abuser of women and said, you need to seriously get help. You are an abuser of women. Here he is a new article about him today as well. This is from The Daily Beast. Also, the New Yorker was the one who broke the story. Pete Heif faces new booze, strippers debt and NDA claims at Veterans Group. He ran. It goes on to talk about allegations of a very sorted drunken history of mismanaging veterans organizations that left the staff disgusted by his allegedly ous behavior.


According to a report, the New Yorker obtained records from two, not one, but two nonprofit advocacy groups, ed Veterans for Freedom and Concerned Veterans for America that describe financial mismanagement, inappropriate sexual advances. And at one point, HEIF drunkenly yelling kill all Muslims at a bar while on an official tour in Ohio. Both groups eventually forced Heif to step down the magazine reported a lawyer for he exit, dismissed the allegations as outlandish claims and attributed them to a petty and jealous disgruntled former associate.


Right? It's always everybody else's fault with them. He's potential nomination was already facing questions about a woman who alleged he sexually assaulted her in a hotel room after an event. It was actually a Republican event in 2017. He denies her claims as well. A whistleblower report about he's time leading concerned Veterans for America. From 2013 to 2016, the New Yorker wrote, said he repeatedly was drunk while on the clock, sometimes needing to be carried out of official events. It further alleges that Heif, who was married to his second wife at the time and other members of the group's management team sexually pursued their female employees informally dividing them into two camps.


They described as Party Girls and not Party girls. The Whistleblower report claims that while Hegseth was its leader, the organization ignored staff concerns about the workplace, including an allegation by an employee that another staffer tried to sexually assault her at a Louisiana Strip Club. She was paid a settlement and signed an NDA, but the report says she experienced reprisals in the workplace thereafter encouraging a toxic work environment. And then it says that Hegseth was at this event working for Complaint concerned veterans in Ohio in 2015 in Cuyahoga on an official visit with an organization.


And then he allegedly chanted, kill all Muslims. Kill all Muslims. And then one of the people told New Yorker, I've seen him drunk so many times, I've seen him dragged away not a few times, but multiple times. To have him at the Pentagon would be scary. And so I think it's also important to reflect on the fact that while these people that he, that Trump appointed, whether it's Matt Gates who was accused of a child sex trafficking, and I guess that, I guess what we we're, we're supposed to forget about that report also, like just because he's resigned now we're supposed to be like, all right, the child sex trafficking report that all the Republicans were covering up for Matt Gaetz.


Let's just move on and attack President Biden. Everybody. I mean, what are we talking about here? You have all of the Republicans who for all these years, who have been spreading lies about child sex trafficking while themselves covering up child sex trafficking and like being pro child sex trafficking, right? I mean, that, that's what they were. But that's the thing about de Democrat messaging. It's like where Brett, to your point, where, where are people talking about this? The Magna Republicans are the pro child sex trafficking party. They prove that we just move on, we move on. The Magna Republicans have been talking about Hunter Biden doing cocaine in 2018 for the past five years they haven't given up.


Hunter, Hunter, Hunter. Where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? Hunter, Hunter, Hunter, Hunter, Hunter, Hunter over and over again two weeks ago. We're talking about child sex trafficking and what d does, D do we men and black ourselves with the wand, you know, that they did. And, and people's ma memories just when it comes to like MAGA stuff. Oops, we can't talk about that anymore. We're now onto the just freaking focus. We who's talking, you know? And now Heif, last week we were talking about rape allegations of an unconscious woman, which he denies. Now we're talking about this. No, we, we can't talk about Tulsi Gabbard. We like, we can't focus on the fact that she ran to Syria and gave Assad permission to dump chemical weapons against his own people.


Like we're we're too much RFK Jr. Literally saying that vaccine should be banned, that water turns kids gay. Like, could we not focus on these things? And look, I'm gonna use our platform here at the Midas Touch Network to talk about these things every single day. But like, where, where, where is everybody like it, it feels lonely, you know, and I'm blessed that we have the Midas Mighty and Brett and Jordy, but like, where are people saying these are, are they scared? Are they, is it lazy? Is it, is it just they're afraid to offend people? Like it seems pretty easy to call out the Republican party for being pro child sex trafficking when they covered the report.


I'd be, if I was a member of Congress And I don't wanna be a member of, I don't wanna be a member of Congress. I wanna do this. Okay? You don't wanna be Marjorie Taylor Green's coworker. I don't wanna be Marjorie Taylor Green's coworker. I don't wanna run for office. I do not. I appreciate people. I do not wanna do that. I wanna build this media network with all of you. That's what I want to do. That's my life's work. That's what I'm focused on. That's it. I've decided, I'm done. I'm not wearing brand done. But I mean, I mean, look, you see the people in Tbilisi in Georgia rising up, standing up marching on the streets against a pro Putin back party that dystopian calls themselves the Dream party, that's the pro Putin party.


They call themselves Georgia's dream. Sounds a little bit like Make America great again, right? We're the dream party of, of, of Georgia. Look, we have to grow a spine for real. And I hope if this episode's focused on anything, it's grow a freaking spine and start to fight and roll up your sleeve and speak the truth. We're not going into conspiracy theory land. We're focusing on what we should fight, what we can focus on. And it is critical. So just step up and be a human being. Forget even Apol. Just be a freaking human being and react to things the way human beings should react.


That's my spiel, Brett. I know. I I mean ex exactly right. I i, I would say this, I think that too often Democrats let the data lead them rather than having themselves lead the data. And if I could kind of go back to an historical comparison, you know, there's a famous Henry Ford quote where he said that if he, I'm paraphrasing, but if he had asked people what they wanted, they would've said they wanted faster horses, cars wouldn't be a thing. 'cause the people would've said, we, we want faster horses. We need faster horses. So all these people would've been like, okay, how do we make faster horses?


Never would've even thought about the idea of creating an automobile. And I think that's how the Democrats are with a lot of this data. They try to follow people rather than actually try to lead people. So they see Donald Trump win and they go, I guess we need to be more like that. I guess our policies need to be more like that. I guess we need to start sucking up to Elon Musk now. 'cause people seem to like him. I guess we should stop supporting this community or that community because I guess people don't like him. I guess we should stop fighting for immigrants because I, I guess that wasn't a, a popular thing, but to me that's the the wrong takeaway. You need to lead on these issues.


You need to put together, you need to put forth a plan. You need to put forth ideas and you need to fight for them every single day. You can't be chasing the faster horses. You need to create your own automobile. And I'll say it's not always the easiest thing on the planet, right? To come up with fresh, new ideas and to fight for them. But that's what you need to do as a leader. And if you're not up for it, then just get out. I don't need you in Congress. I don't need you running for president. I don't need you leading corporate. I don't need you in those positions. We need innovators. We need thinkers. We need people who are not going to be afraid to stand up for these principles. And we need people who aren't going to buckle anytime shit hits the fan.


Even the most, even in the most minor ways. We need people who aren't gonna go, oh, you shouldn't have done that. Oh, Joe, the moral Joe. That's, but aren't we just as bad as them? No, these people are threatening to s sick the Justice Department on people for no reason other than vengeance and retribution. These are some sick folks that we are dealing with who are taking power, and we need to realize what we are up against. And we need to be fighting all of you out there. People need to be fighting right now for the soul of our country. What does it actually mean to be an American in 2024? What does it mean to actually stand up for democracy? Are, are you gonna stand up for democracy or are you gonna fold and are you gonna try to make nice with these autocrats and would be autocrats who are taking over our government?


That's the choice for you all to make out there. I'm not speaking to our audience, I'm speaking to the politicians out there. A lot of these Democrats out there who I'm not seeing with the spine. A lot of these political pundits who are going on M-S-N-B-C and CNN and are spouting off with their hot takes, finding every single moment to try to just, I dunno, just to make everyone fight each other and to try to just bash Biden every opportunity they get. And, And I, I mean, what are we doing here? Let's show some leadership. Let's get some ideas. Let's fight for those ideas. Let's do it in a way that is unapologetic. That's how you win. That's how you win. You put forth ideas and you fight for them because people could sense Bs.


People could sense when you don't really believe it, people could sense your weakness. And that's what I'm sensing right now from a lot of people in this party and a lot of these pundits out there. I'm sensing weakness. I'm sensing complete and total lack of a spine. And it's time to get your spine back. And If you can't, then step aside for the people who can, because it is now more important than ever that we actually have people who stand for something out there in this country. Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, did a great article detailing all of the things that Cash Patel had threatened Hunter with, And I think you should all read it. It's at midas plus.com.


Just make sure you spell it correctly. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com, midas plus.com. Check it out. Wanna remind everybody as well If you can join patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch that helps grow this independent media platform. And it's where we host what we've now been doing as weekly meetings. I'd like to try to do a weekly meeting on Friday if we can. This Friday, we've been doing it at different times. One in the evening, one in the morning to try to do it for people with different schedules. Maybe Friday, maybe Thursday, The brothers will huddle up.


We will post it. But I wanna see you all this week. patreon.com/midas touch, even if we do it for 30 minutes. Last time was like 45 minutes. The time before that was over an hour. We go as long as we can go, but it's so great seeing each other's faces. patreon.com/midas touch check that out. And then we've got the poll, take the poll, the poll's free. We wanna know your view. Midas mighty, do you believe President Biden? What? And don't let our podcast influence your opinion, okay? Do give us your honest opinion. Yeah, this is sep. Make it separate from us. I know we make it separate from us, put our finger on the scale of this episode. But, but this is our, this is our personal opinion and honestly, we ha ha have your own opinion.


But you know, I, we like transparency. We like being clear with, with what we believe on this show, which is a show that intersperses both news reporting and our personal analysis of the issues. We also do straight news reporting. Ben's report on this, pardon, yesterday was purely straight news reporting and Anthony Davis on our channel. It's a lot of straight news reporting and, and you know, there's a place for that. This podcast is our a a lot of our opinions on this podcast, but I want to hear your opinion in this private poll. You could go, it's in the description, in the link here. I'm curious to hear what you think. And you know what? Next episode, Ben Jordy, let's report, we will report back with the poll results.


We'll get the poll results. We'll have 'em in. We'll let you know how many responses we got. We'll let you know the, the opinions of the Midas Touch community and, and and, and we'll see if they line up with yours. But I think it's a, a cool new experiment, you know, to kind of get, get the opinions and, and get this data straight from you, the Midas touch community. I love it. I love it. Shout out to the Midas mighty.


Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.