
This episode is brought to you by Shopify Forget, the frustration of picking commerce platforms. when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash tech, all lowercase. That's Shopify dot com slash tech


A Midas Touch exclusive. Our editorial team has exposed that. One of these, so-called Undecided voters on the CNN panel that weighed in after Vice President Kamala Harris's historic DNC speech. Well, let's just say he was not so undecided and has a history of posting pro-Trump stuff over and over again, including posting Donald Trump's mugshot, including making posts to Elon Musk saying that Donald Trump should be reinstated on Twitter, including making posts that were critical of former Vice President Pence certifying the results of the 2020 election doesn't quite seem like an undecided voter.


So I want to show you our expose that's just going absolutely viral right now. And then I wanna show you how we uncovered who this So-called Undecided voter really is. Let's take a look at Midas Touch our website. Let's take a look right here. Bring back Trump. CNN's undecided voter panelists has pro-Trump social media history. Meet Brian Rosado, who was disappointed that Mike Pence didn't overturn the election for Donald Trump and CNN tried to act like this was an undecided voter. Just think about it like this. Remember, CNN had eight individuals on that panel, and they all gave vice President, Kamala Harris, somewhere between an A or a B in terms of the marks they gave, except this guy who gave her a C and then all the other undecided voters raised their hands.


And said that they were going to now be voting for vice President, Kamala Harris, other than this guy who said that based on Vice President Kamala Harris's speech, he's now going to be voting for Donald Trump 'cause he thinks that she isn't ready. That was then a immediately used by right wing social media accounts, by Trump accounts, and then pushed out. So you have to wonder, did CNN either not vet this guy or was CNN complicit? Let's go through this story a little bit more. So a man introduced as an undecided voter during A CNN segment following com, LA's speech on day four of the Democratic National Convention has a history of supporting MAGA online CNN host Gary Tuckman said All of the panelists claim to be undecided voters at that time, but now meet Bryant Rosado, who when asked to grade Kamala Harris's speech, gave it a C while the other seven panelists raided either an A or a B.


When asked to explain his grade, Rosado said that she wasn't clear enough on her policies. I feel like more so she should wait. I don't want to personally vote for someone that is a backup. I'm gonna show you his clip and then I'm going to surgically show you the receipts about who Bryant Rosado really is. Let's play this clip. First thing I want to ask you, I want you to grade the speech, okay? A is excellent, B above average C, average D below average. We all know what F is. Let's start with you. How do you grade the speech? I gave her A B plus B. B plus A, B plus A, A, C, C. So, Okay, Rosado then confirmed he wasn't ready to vote for vice President.


Kamala Harris. Moments later, he raised his hand indicating that he was ready to make a commitment. When asked, he stated that he was now going to be voting for Donald Trump. Alright, so we then found out about this guy's social media history. He started to post from the CNN studio. So we confirmed that it was him and his account was the real estate guy. You see his posts right here on his story saying he was at the CNN studio. Then you know, the Trump campaign quickly seized upon Rosa's comments using them as a attack on Kamala Harris. Several pro-Trump accounts then amplified his comments across social media, including the Trump War room, which is associated with the Trump campaign.


So Midas Touch then uncover that despite telling CNN, that he was an undecided voter who just decided to vote for Trump, Rosado has a substantial MAGA social history, including a video of himself shooting an AK 47, which he purchased. An owner of such a weapon is unlikely to be undecided as Kamala Harris has expressed support for banning assault weapons. Rosado social media history, then reviewed by Midas Touch revealed that he has been posting pro-Trump content for years. Midas Touch did not locate any post indicating support for Kamala Harris or Democrats, but we did find numerous pro-Trump and MAGA Republican posts. Here's what we found. Trump's mugshot on Twitter, rosado retweeted trump's mugshot multiple times.


The retweet of Donald Trump's post of the mugshot contained a link to Trump's website, which redirected to a fundraising page. Doesn't sound so undecided to me. Rosado also reposted Elon Musk's quote, tweet of the mugshot post where Elon Musk said Next level. He then retweeted Don Junior's mugshot post as well, which read, Hey, deep state, he's coming for you. See you on January 20th, 2025. So the CNN undecided voter doesn't seem to be so undecided saying, Hey, deep state, he's coming for you. See you on January 20th, 2025. There's other pro-Trump posts.


Bryant Rosado has other pro-Trump social media posts that we located. In 2022, Rosado tagged Elon Musk in a tweet asking to quote, bring back Trump and make Twitter great again. He retweeted a picture of Trump at Mar-a-Lago with another call to reinstate Trump on Twitter. In October, 2022, Rosado again asked for Elon Musk to quote, bring back Trump in another tweet. On the same day, Rosado again pleaded with Elon Musk to quote, bring Trump back. He also retweeted Trump's account using the hashtag maga Rosado then reposted Eric Trump's I love Goya tweet after the CEO of the company associated himself with Trump back on July 11th, 2020.


You take a look at Rosa's Instagram follows, Rosado follows Trump Don Jr. And Candace Owens from his real realestate business account at the Realestate guy. When it comes to January 6th, Rosado indicated disappointment that Vice President Mike Pence refused to overturn the electoral college vote for Trump. Rosado replied, shake my head. Shake my head to A-C-N-B-C tweet on January 6th, reporting that Mike Pence reject Trump's call to overturn Biden's election. You see it right there. Shake my head.


Lumen is the world's firsthand held metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath, and on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism, whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shifts so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen, and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, L-U-M-E-N me slash Midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUEN me slash Midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time, go to lumen.me/midas, LUME n.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Then he talks about the great reset. In October, 2021, Rosado claimed quote, the Global Reset was starting due to mass internet outages. The global reset is a conspiracy theory pushed by MAGA Republicans and Q Anon supporters claiming a secret cabal is attempting to reshape the world to their evil agenda. You see his post right there. Then when it comes to a OC, Rosado interacted with pro-Trump account Benny Johnson criticizing a OC for comments about her Twitter account. Rosado wrote, quote, super full of herself, tell her to pay $8, and you see it right there. Rosado then reposted an account claiming Elon Musk owned a OC Rosado himself, replied to AOCs critique that Twitter wasn't working well for a product that charges $8.


Rosado replied, pay the $8 clown emoji, which was a common refrain from right wing accounts at the time. With respect to President Joe Biden, Rosado has attacked and amplified attacks on Joe Biden. In January, 2023, Rosado replied to Biden, you are confused, bro. He also amplified and attacked from Benny Johnson on Joe Biden that said, what if people talked like Joe Biden awkward. In April, 2020, Rosado replied, Trump 2020 to a Joe Biden tweet stating quote, our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump. And then he did hashtag Trump 2020.


He also reposted a video of Tucker Carlson discussing the MAGA Republican's use of FJB and let's go Brandon Phrases used by Trump supporters to attack Biden. With respect to Candace Owens Rosato has expressed support for her in March after the Daily Wire parted ways with her, he posted on Facebook, thank God for Candace Owens. Owen was dropped by the Daily Wire after making anti-Semitic comments and replies to his post rosato defendant Owens calling her his hero. Rosato claimed Candace Owens quote represents anybody, everybody. Rosato said he likes Candace Owens voice and he agrees with her 100% of the time.


He even suggested Elon Musk should hire Candace Owens after her split from the Daily Wire. In terms of pro-Trump accounts, Rosado has interacted with other pro-Trump accounts. Yeah, we got the receipts folk. We get very detailed here at the Midas Touch network. Rosado isn't apparent fan of Andrew Tate, but didn't like Aiden Ross sniffing the seat of Andrew Tate Trump recently interviewed Chair Sniffer, Aiden Ross at his Mar-a-Lago home. You see him reposting Andrew Tate over and over again, and Andrew Tate was recently arrested on sex trafficking charge. Rosado retweeted a post indicating support for Elon Musk. maga Republicans have always consistently praised Elon Musk.


He has also reposted Elon Musk criticizing advertisers who left Twitter due to concerns over content moderation. Rosado indicated he was unmoved by Kamala Harris's speech and was now voting for Trump on CNN and claim to be an undecided voter. I'll let you make the decision if you think that's an undecided voter right there. But what seems most likely to be the case is that he was always a Trump supporter as his pro-Trump social media history indicates. And the fact that he was disappointed from, and Mike Pence for not overturning the 2020 election doesn't really sound like an undecided voter to me. Now you wanna see our methodology of how we found this out.


Well, he was on CNN. So the way we were able to uncover who he was is that we, we, we found his face on CNN. We then were able to look through a face search to see where he was as well. And he was, we found his LinkedIn page. We then found his social media page, and then we were able to kind of pinpoint all of the posts that he had made over the years. And it was right there. It was, you know, look, it, it took us some research, it took us some amount of diligence. But I wanna frame this in the appropriate context here with CNN. Now, CNN had an obligation and duty to its viewers.


This was one of the most pivotal moments in American history. The DNC had concluded vice President, Kamala Harris gave her historic speech that you saw that she gave, and CNN then cut to this panel of eight undecided voters. And there were people watching this who depend on CNN, you know, even though I think there's a lot of cord cutting for obvious reasons. So at this most pivotal moment in American history, CNN represented that this Bryant Rosado was completely undecided. And you think about how calculated it was as well, right? Bryan Rosado said, well, you know, I'm gonna give it a c And they, they tried to make it look as though it were some active deliberations.


Take them. They didn't wanna, he, he wasn't gonna say it was an F, right? Because that would've been kind of obvious. So they, they tried to play people in that way and, you know, you could judge for yourself. You could form your own opinions. I'll form mine and share 'em with you, but let me know what you think right there, because, you know, I think that that's what CNN should have done. And like, you know, when you hear me saying, you know, CNN and the corporate media are doing this and that, I sometimes I'm like, I, I'm not trying to sound conspiratorial here because when you say it, sometimes it sounds a little bit like, all right, Ben, what are you talking about?


But when you see that they're putting this person on a panel, pushing him out to we, the people as undecided, and there's this history, you have to wonder either one, there's zero vetting going on in this billion dollar company by the, we operate on, you know, you know how we raise money here? We have grow midas.com. We have patreon.com/ Midas Touch. We have the emojis when you become members. They're store dot Midas Touch dot com, and we have gear and we have pro-democracy sponsors. That's how we are able to fund this operation, okay? They have billionaires and deca millionaires, so they have all the resources in the world, not grow midas.com, which by the way, I'm grateful for when you, when you go there, that's what they have.


So they either do zero vetting with all of their resources, zero vetting, and they're that lazy, or they're doing this intentionally and maliciously. So it's either grossly reckless or intentional and malicious. Put in the comments how you feel. And if you like the work of our editorial team now, go to patreon.com/ Midas Touch and let's keep growing that editorial team or go to grow midas.com or check out store dot Midas Touch dot com. Always. You can help grow this so we can keep doing work like that. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together real quick. Meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content.


Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.