
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on am mo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Just take a look at this scene last night. The future's markets are crashing as Donald Trump imposes 104% tariffs against China. China doesn't back down. Donald Trump is speaking at this black tie event for the National Republican Congressional Committee. Donald Trump looks like he's on the Titanic that is sinking. He's got his little teeny tiny hands on the podium and Donald Trump speaks to the Magar Republican Congress members and he says, everybody, what are we gonna call Joe Biden?


Should we call him crooked or should we call him sleepy? Here, Play this clip Name. Do I call him Sleepy Joe or crooked Joe? Could we take a vote please? Who wants to call him crooked Joe? Who wants to call him sleepy Joe? That's my problem. It's like the same, they both work. They both work beautifully. As Donald Trump was doing that we also learned from Usha Vance who gave her first interview that her husband's world can be very lonely. The second lady gave her first interview since JD Vance assumed the role, and she described it all as very, very lonely.


Just let him hang out with the couch. Usha. Let him hang out with the couch. Sorry, back to Donald Trump here. Donald Trump speaking to the National Republican Congressional Committee Dinner. He's like, aren't these tariffs great? All these countries have to kiss my ass here, Play this clip, And in the history of our country, and don't let some of these politicians go around and say, you know, 'cause I'm telling you, these countries are calling us up kissing my ass. They are. They are dying to make a deal. Please, please, sir, make a deal. I'll do anything. I'll do anything sir. And then I'll see some rebel Republican. You know, some guy that wants to grandstand say, I Think that Congress should take over negotiations.


Let me tell you, you don't negotiate like I negotiate. As I've said before, Donald Trump's liberation day, as he calls it, which is actually Annihilation Day, liquidation day or great Depression Day. It's all about his ego. It's all about the authoritarian playbook to make countries have to go to him to beg him, please, can I get an exemption? Please don't put the tariffs on me. Makes businesses run him. Please, I need help. I need an exemption. Can you please help me up to do the walk of shame to Washington DC or Mar-a-Lago and authoritarians like when their people are suffering, like, do you think Kim Jong-un is upset that people in North Korea suffer?


You think Putin cares that he sends Russians into the meat grinder of war in Ukraine? Do you think that he cares that people are suffering economically? No authoritarians, like when their people are suffering? 'cause then you can give breadcrumbs. You don't want people to be economically independent or independent at all when you're an authoritarian. And Trump is following that playbook to a t. I mean, just take a look right here. As Karl Kean post, we as the United States went from back to back under former President Biden, 20 plus percent or 20% plus growth in the markets, equity markets, the Goldilocks economy, the Wall Street Journal called The Economy Under Former President Biden, the Envy of the World to this America's equity market.


Stock market's the worst in the world right now, and tanking the entire world economy with it. As Donald Trump also says, you know, just trust me. I'm telling you I know what to do. I know how to do deals. I'm a good deal maker. Let's just take a look at what's been going on. The Germany economy. Minister Robert hac says, the US calculations for their tariffs are nonsense. The US is now in a position of weakness, will hurt their pharmaceuticals. The EU Commission proposed 25% co counter tariffs on US imports. Prime Minister Mark Carney of Canada announced that starting today, there will be 25% tariffs on certain categories based on the Trump regimes behavior.


The futures right now are getting absolutely bulldozed. We'll see where the market opens in just a little bit. But Trump tanking the economy. And again, yesterday went from the, the markets actually doing decent in the day, or as Senator Mark Warner from Virginia put it. It was kind of like a good day at the hospice making that analogy to Trump's economy. But then Donald Trump said, no, I'm opposing 104% tariffs on China. And then Trump crashed it all. And then at his speech last night before the National Republican Congressional Committee Dinner, Donald Trump then talked about how he wants to put tariffs on pharmaceuticals that I'm gonna go after the pharmaceuticals.


Now it's like, can we go one day without this idiot talking about tariffs? I Think here he is. Let's play it. But we're gonna tariff our pharmaceuticals. And once we do that, they're gonna come rushing back into our country because we're the big market. The advantage we have over everybody is that we are the big market. So we're gonna be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals. And when you, and when they hear that they will leave China, they will leave other places because they have to sell. Most of their product is sold here. We did it jd, we did it lonely. Jd. You see that graphic right there? Also, one of the things that we learned is that Marjorie Taylor Greene buying lots of treasuries and making a lot of odd stock purchases and be and sales kind of right before the market started tanking and crashing.


Doesn't really surprise me when it comes to Marjorie Taylor Greene. Right now. Apple's taking like emergency flights to try to put planes full of iPhones as they're gonna be a run on iPhones right now. And apple's getting crushed because of the tariffs Donald Trump put on Canada, I mean on China. And China's retaliation also, one of the things that we learned yesterday is Donald Trump's DHS Department of Homeland Security just ordered the migrants who were temporarily allowed to live in the US after using the Biden error CBP one app that they're ordered to leave the country immediately. More than 900,000 people were allowed in the country using the CBP one app.


Since January, 2023, a lot of these people are family members of Trump supporters, Venezuelans for Trump, Cubans for Trump, Latinos for Trump. And now they're being threatened. Self deport now or else you can end up in concentration camps in El Salvador, self deport now. Or you can end up in ice detention centers. No due process will throw you with naive b Kelly's authoritarian regime in El Salvador. That's the message from the authoritarian Trump regime. But Donald Trump last night says, this is the most successful 100 days yet of any administration in history here Play this clip. I had somebody say the most successful month, first month in the history.


Now they said the most successful a hundred days in the history of our country. And I, I believe that's right. And we're gonna continue that way, if not more so, and we're gonna do tremendously in midterms. There's no, One of the things that I don't wanna forget as I report on all of this as well, is that federal spending has not gone, has not gone down at all. In fact, federal spending right now, despite all the wrecking ball that Trump and Musk took to the federal government and the hostile takeover, federal spending is higher. Donald Trump wants there to be a $1 trillion military budget. Of course, that's going to add to the debt it's gonna add to our growing deficit.


Trump added $8 trillion to the deficit. His first term. I predicted 25 to 30 trillion, perhaps more so government spending's not down, government spending's up. Let's not forget also that Elon Musk was just awarded basically a $6 billion contract for SpaceX by the federal government. And this is on top of Elon Musk being awarded lots of money by the FAA as they got these agencies. Surprise, surprise, Elon Musk's companies are filling the void. Also, Jeff Bezos got, I Think, over $2 billion from the, from the federal government, from space, from the federal government as well. Take a look at this headline from Bloomberg Stagflation is now America's best case scenario.


Stagflation is crashing, GDP and and high inflation. That's stagflation. They're saying that this is the best case scenario. Trump's tariffs risk is a brute risk, a brutal combination of recession and inflation. The president's attack on free trade is truly extraordinary in scope. The impact will be devastating over the next six months. Annualized inflation will likely climb to nearly 5%. Also, lots of experts predicting about 2 million job losses over the coming months as the effects of these tariffs start to kick in as well.


I, I Think one of the ways I visualize what's going on with these Trump tariffs right now, the fact that it's crashing the markets and the GDPs contracting so soon, I Think is shocking in the how fast this hit. But basically from an economist's perspective, you, you know how when a tsunami hits the shore basically recedes, recedes, recedes. And most people who understand what that means would tell you, oh, a tsunami is coming. That's what's happening right now. The damage is done. So now it's waiting for this economic tsunami. Stagflation recession, great depression to swarm over the country right now.


But as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says, okay, Trump's wrecking the economy, but at least we have RFK Junior in charge of public health. The Center for Disease Control and Preventions team of lead poisoning experts remained off the job Tuesday, a week after they were first laid off by Health and Human Services Secretary Robert f Kennedy's and sweeping cuts to the nation's public health agencies, cut to the CDCs branch responsible for investigating and preventing lead poisoning has brought multiple efforts to help local health authorities to a virtual standstill current and laid off agency officials, say, including for lead poisoning responses that could have helped children in Milwaukee and on an American Indian reservation.


So quite literally, Americans are dying of lead poisoning because we've fired the workers who are in that field. And we're gonna see this in all other aspects of government as well. Oh, and on international foreign policy. Many experts internationally say the US is now on course to potentially be at war with Iran coming soon. Based on the threats that Donald Trump has been making lately, what does Donald Trump and JD lonely JD Van say? Are you happy yet? Are you happy? Say thank you. Say thank you. Say thank you. This is a deranged and demented authoritarian regime led by Donald Trump, a sexual predator, a criminal, a felon, someone found liable for fraud, a bankrupt her.


The world sees that. The world stands up and resisting. Tens of millions of people here in the United States are resisting. Trump's approval is plummeting MAGA people. Republicans are pissed off at Donald Trump. There's a mini revolt happening, which I Think is growing and gaining steam amongst MAGA Republicans in the Senate. We've seen MAGA Republican, Rand Paul speaking out against Donald Trump. MAGA republicans in the house know the disaster Donald Trump is causing, but they're too weak and obsequious to say anything as well. But we see, I Think we see change shifting and as Donald Trump continues to crash our commun, we'll see what happens, you know, with the markets today. But this is a Trump depression or recession or whatever.


We're heading into Trump chaos. This one of the first, if not one of the first ever manufactured recessions or great recessions, like actually done looks intentionally and maliciously. And I Think it's for the reasons that I said earlier in the video, it's right out of the authoritarian playbook. Let me know what you think. Go to store dot midas touch.com as well. Lots of people say, where can we get the Midas gear store dot midas touch.com. Also go to midas plus.com. We're heading to a million Substack subscribers. Go to midas plus.com. Subscribe to our substack, would be amazing. Thanks. While we're watching, I have a lot of videos. We have a lot of videos coming today. I got a video in Canada, a video in Germany. I interviewed Democratic Congress Member De Goose.


You check out my co Senator Booker interview yesterday. We got a lot going on. A lot of info. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.