
Big news out of Nebraska folks, which has become ground zero in Donald Trump's election interference scheme for 2024 Donald Trump and some of his top allies like Lindsey Graham were pressuring Republicans in the legislature as well as the Republican governor, governor Pillen in Nebraska to totally overhaul its electoral college formulations leading up to the 2024 election. Trump and Lindsey Graham and others wanted Nebraska's legislature to hold a special session and to change their current system, which is not a winner take all system to a winner take all system.


Now Trump and Lindsey Graham have failed in that effort. The Nebraska system will remain the same and that is very important. Again, the Nebraska system will not be changed the way Trump and Lindsey Graham were trying to manipulate it. Let's talk about what the system was, what they were trying to change it to be. Let's break it down. Currently in Nebraska, the formulation is that the winner of the popular vote in Nebraska gets two electoral college votes. How the remaining three electoral college votes are split are consistent with the congressional districts and how they vote.


And so because Nebraska's second congressional district has the area or includes the area of Omaha in the past elections, usually the Democrat has prevailed there. So for example, president Biden prevailed in Nebraska's second congressional district and got one electoral vote. So from the five Nebraska electoral votes, Donald Trump in 2020 got four, president Biden got one vice president. Kamala Harris now leads in that Omaha congressional district as well. And so why this becomes very important is that if Vice President Kamala Harris wins Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, that would get her to 2 69.


It would be 2 69 to 2 69 and then it would be thrown to the States and through state delegations in the House of Representatives, which is controlled by Magna Mike Johnson. And the Republicans would've prevailed if that's the way it went down. But now, because the rules remain the same as what they were in 2020, and there's not an overhaul of the Nebraska system that Nebraska Congressional district, Nebraska second Congressional district, that's how you get to that two 70 to ultimately win the election. Now vice president Kamala Harris', leading Donald Trump in North Carolina and different polls suggest different things in states like Arizona as well as Georgia and, and and other states.


But that's why Donald Trump wanted to try To, get vice president Kamala Harris, not To, get that one. So if it was, if she did get Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, it would be tied at 2 69 to 2 69. Now, what's happened in the past elections as well is that Maine also doesn't have a winner take all system. So similarly, that one congressional district in Maine previously went to Donald Trump while the other seats went to President Biden in 2020. And so if that happened, they cancel each other out essentially. But Maine couldn't really in in the timing that's left until the election hold a, a special legislature or a panel, a special session of the legislature to come back.


So that's why Donald Trump and Lindsey Graham were pushing Nebraska to do that. Well, Nebraska's not doing that right now. And that is big. That's really important. Now, one of the Republican legislators over there by the name of Mike McDonald said, look, as we're getting close to this election, I'm not going to put my finger on the scale and change the system that we've had here in Nebraska. It encourages competitive races. It preserves independence in Nebraska and makes the state competitive. And more important, I'm not going to interrupt it Now, the governor of Nebraska, who is a kind of Trump light supporter and some Magar Republicans and Nebraska GOP State Senator Lauren Lippencott as well, Lippencott said Governor Pillen of Nebraska said that unless they had assurances from 33 senators that they would vote yes to overhaul the Nebraska system, they would not hold a special legislative session.


And with McDonald's saying that he was not going to support an overhaul, there will be no special session. Nebraska will remain the way it's been where there will be a popular vote allocation, two seats, and then there I mean two votes and then the remaining three will be split along the electoral college. So vice President Kamala Harris can take that one seat now just to show you what's been going on there. I think it's important to highlight. For example, this was Lindsey Graham's appearance on Meet the Press this weekend where he talked about going to, he went to Nebraska to pressure the legislature, right? That remember Georgia, find me the votes.


Remember Donald Trump sent Lindsey Graham in Georgia to do this. Well, Lindsey Graham's doing this in Nebraska. Change the system, change it everybody. And then Lindsey Graham says, well, they did a coup against Biden. So now we're doing this. Come on here, play this Clip for years. It is a very close election. 63 days ago, Chuck Schumer led a coup to overthrow Joe Biden. And he is telling me or any other Republican we what we should be doing. If they change the law in Nebraska, it won't be under on the phone in the middle of the night. It will be through a democratic process. The entire federal delegation of Nebraska house members and two senators want this change.


To my friends in Nebraska, that one electoral vote could be the difference between Harris being president, not, and she's a disaster for Nebraska and the world. I hear you calling it a coup. Of course, Democrats have the right to change who's at the top of their Ticket? Soda. Soda, soda is Nebraska. Quickly, very quickly before we get to the Middle East, what do you think the chances are? What's the over under that this change actually happens in Nebraska? 50 50 down to two people.


Okay, I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre-Cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre alcohol at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita, and the next morning I felt amazing, just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype and with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Now I do wanna remind you as well that Governor Walls, VP Harris's running mate spoke in Omaha in front of a big crowd. Governor Walls is from Nebraska. He grew up in Nebraska and one of his messages when he spoke there, and again, that's because remember that one vote is very, very important. To get to two 70. By the way, I think Vice President Kam LAIs is gonna win in other seats, but that's the way the voting system has been in Nebraska here. Governor Walls when he spoke at Omaha was like, do you think really that JD Vance and Donald Trump know about us here in Nebraska and what our issues are here? Watch this. Fuck, we're positive, but I think we all know Donald.


Trump sees the world a little differently. You think he would understand the importance of Carhenge as a historical relic, that the British made a replica of it out of stone. It's so important. So just so we know, or do you think he would know the joy of tubing and swimming the rera as we do in the summer? And this one's for the gray hairs in this room. You think that guy could understand the pure joy of pre-game and its sidetracks before a Husker sooner game?


All I can say about that too is I'm glad there weren't video cameras around at the time. So we've been there. Look in Nebraska, you got a slogan here, Nebraska, it's not for everyone. Well, it sure ain't for Donald Trump, I'll tell you that this guy is the opposite of everything here. Every opportunity he has, he weakens our country to strengthen his own hand.


He mocks our laws, he sows chaos and division amongst us. And that's not even counting the time he was president. So look, I want to be clear because I know where I'm at and I know my family. Many of you can probably remember when Republicans talked about freedom, they meant it. They would've never turned their back on our allies. The the traditional Republican party before Donald Trump contributed much to this state in this great nation. But he's not that. And then finally, let me leave you with this.


This is Nikki Haley. It is about Nikki Haley during the primaries. And so in states like Nebraska and Maryland and West Virginia. Remember while Donald Trump was expected to win these states by in the Republican primary by 90%, 95% in these states, there was 17% to 20% slippage where the Republicans voted against Trump after Nikki Haley was out. And I wanna remind you of this because this was a trend we saw in like 46 of 50 states. Remember that? And we've been pointing that out here on the Midas Touch Network.


So here, watch this. Play it, All of this happening against the backdrop of Republican primary voters last night delivering another warning for Donald Trump in Nebraska and Maryland. Nikki Haley, who dropped out of the presidential race two months ago, won about 20% of the vote. And in deep red West Virginia, Nikki Haley got nearly 10% of all the Republican votes again two months after she dropped Out. Well, there you have it folks. Again, I think that's a big important update in Nebraska. The special, the legislature will not be holding a special session. It will remain the way it was in its current system. It will not be winner takes all.


And this will mean that if the current polls hold Vice President Kamala Harris should be able to pick up that one seat. Trump will probably have four electoral votes and assuming she vice President Kam Laris wins Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan, that gets two 70. We'll keep you posted real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.