
This episode is brought to you by Financial Times. When. It comes to voicing or acting on our opinions. Why are some people more confident than others. With the financial Times You form your own opinions with conviction. Based on unbiased and trusted reporting. Ft Journalists. tackle global issues with an impartial and rigorous mindset, providing the facts and analysis that you need to make up your own mind. Make up your own mind with Financial Times. Visit ft.com/the journal to read free articles and subscribe.


Sound familiar? Excessive daytime sleepiness could be a sign of sleep apnea. Take the symptoms quiz to find out if you could be at risk and learn more about sleep apnea at philip.com/sleep quiz. Start your journey to better sleep. Please note the symptoms. Quiz is only for information gathering that you can share with your doctor


Is getting worse. Folks, Donald Trump's decline is even more apparent. He went on Fox earlier in the morning. He was asked a question in a prerecorded video question by a kid. Hey, what's your favorite farm animal? And then Donald Trump responds. Vice President Kamala Harris will prevent cows from existing here. Play the clip. What's your favorite farm animal? Favorite farm animal. What's the animal? Well, this guy grew up in the city. I'll tell you what I love. I love cows. But if we go with Kamala, you won't have any cows anymore because you're not allowed.


I don't wanna ruin this kid's day, but I love cows. I think they're so cute and so beautiful and so productive. But according to Kamala, who's a radical left lunatic, you will not have any cows anymore. So Thereafter, Donald Trump says that he is a very stable genius. Play the clip working. I am the most stable human being. Remember they said a stable genius. I am the most stable human being. I've been doing this for a long time. One of the things that lots of people were pointing out to me about this interview is it appeared that Donald Trump was sitting on an incontinence bed pad on the white couch. I, I don't think that's actually what it is.


I do think that it's his suit, but he definitely has this, these bizarre long suits draping. But some people disagree with me. I do think that that's his suit. But some people think it's a washable incontinence bed pad. Anyway, do you remember though, when Donald Trump was in office, I just wanted to give you this quick flashback, and he told a 7-year-old that Santa didn't exist. Just randomly. Here, play this clip. Well, that's really good and you just have a good time. Are you still a believer in Santa? Because at seven it's marginal, right? You just Enjoy Yourself.


Then in the interview on Fox, Donald Trump is given another softball question to try to appeal to Nikki Haley voters. And Donald Trump responds about how badly she lost to him. Play this clip. There's A segment of our, of the Republican Party that likes Nikki Haley, and they are reluctant to jump into your column. She wants to help. She said, if he calls me, I'm there. You, you guys used to be tight in the last 18 days, will you call her and say, come out with me? Yeah, yeah. I'll do what I have to do. But let, let me just tell you, Nikki Haley and I fought and I beat her by 50, 60, 90 points. I beat her in a own state by numbers that nobody's ever been beaten by.


I beat Nikki badly. I beat everyone else too badly. Then Donald Trump admits that it was actually writers from Fox who wrote Donald Trump's speech for that Al Smith dinner the night before where Donald Trump was like cursing in front of priests. He acknowledges that Fox is actually writing his speeches for him. Now, listen to yourself. Listen for yourself. Play it. You know, we have seen historically a lot of Democrats, they turn to the guys at Saturday Night Live or The Tonight Show. They write all their material. Your material was real funny. Who wrote it? Who helped you with It? Well, I've had a lot of people helping a lot of people, a couple of people from Fox, actually, I shouldn't say that, but they wrote some jokes and for the most part I didn't like any of 'em.


Should we see some highlights? I thought you did great. Go ahead. Watch. And just to remind you of what went down at that Al Smith dinner, hear Donald Trump very low energy, struggle to read. And he tries to make a joke about Kamala Harris that we now know Fox actually wrote for him, but he can't actually read anymore. Just watch for yourself. If someone in the White House who can barely talk, barely put together two coherent sentences, who seems to have mental faculties of a child. That said, Then Donald Trump announces that right after this meeting, this interview that he's doing on Fox this morning, he would go have a meeting with Rupert Murdoch where he would tell Rupert Murdoch not to allow negative commercials against him for the next several days until the election.


Here play this. He acknowledging the collusion. Right here, here. Play this clip. Sometimes You know the event I have now? No. A very big event. I'm going to see Rupert Murdoch. That's a big event. I don't dunno if he's he thrilled that I say. Yeah, please tell him. Tell him. I also thank you. I'm gonna tell him something very simple. Go ahead. 'cause I can't talk to anybody else about, don't put on negative commercials for 21 days. Don't put 'em and don't put on their, their horrible people that come and lie. I'm gonna say, Rupert, please do it this way. Right? And then we're gonna have a victory. 'cause I think everyone wants to have, and you're going To LK to talk to. It's a great channel that we have with Tyrus. Oh good. There You go. Alright, Mr. President, thank you so much, Very much. Good luck. Appreciate You.


Thank you man. Alright, we're gonna step aside, ladies and gentlemen. Donald Trump. Then I wanna show you this clip as well. The whole thing is insane. A kid asks Donald Trump, who his favorite president is when he was little, when Donald Trump was a kid. Then Donald Trump says Ronald Reagan. But Donald Trump was 34 years old when Reagan was elected. Then he does his weave where he talks about trade deals and how Lincoln should have settled the Civil War and Ukraine, as Mike Rothschild says, he is not okay here, play this clip and Trump.


I'm Daniel and I'm 10, and I'm from Tennessee. What was your favorite president when you were little Favorite? Who was your favorite president when you were little? So I liked Ronald Reagan. I thought he was, look, I didn't love his trade policy. I'm a very good trade. I've made some great trade deals for us, US MCA Don, that wasn't his strength, but he had a great dignity about him. Ronald Reagan. You could say there's our president more than any others, really, any of the others great presidents. Well, Lincoln was probably a great president, although I've always said, why wasn't that settled? You know, I'm a guy that it doesn't make sense. We had a civil war. Well, half the Country left before he got there. Yeah, yeah. But you'd almost say like, why wasn't that as an example, Ukraine would've never happened in Russia.


If I were President Israel would've never happened. October 7th would've never happened.


As you know, Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made bedsheets. Miracle Made sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infuse fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle, Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do. Now thanks to Miracle Made sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria, which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Then Donald Trump did a podcast interview with Dan Bonino, where Donald Trump said that he was surprised that Harvey Weinstein got flunked. Donald Trump says he surprised Harvey Weinstein got slung. Donald Trump uses the word slung and Harvey Weinstein here play this clip. But Democrats don't have to be honest. They really don't have to be honest because they're not gonna, they will never be accused of anything. It's interesting, I was so amazed that Harvey Weinstein got schlonged.


He got hit as hard as you can get hit because he was sort of the king of the woke, right? And yet he got hit and I figured that maybe he wouldn't get hit so hard. But boy did he get, you don't know him. Well, I don't know him. Well I, but I watched that and it was amazing. So when they do get hit, they get hit. But that's the only one I can think of. Normally, they protect everybody. What they did with Adams, I think is very suspect. The mayor, how'd you bring that up? Last night at, well, I Brought Donald Trump also getting some other bad news in the morning. Taylor Swift made another post holding a cat and she writes back in the office hashtag Miami ts the Aris tour.


And Taylor Swift is back on tour and I think she is letting people know that she will be making sure people are registered to vote right there. Donald Trump is also upset at our booming economy when we, the people do well, that pisses Donald Trump off. Take a look at the front page of the Economist, the Envy of the World, America's Economy, a special report. And it goes into how by every objective metric that we used to use and still supposed to use to determine the condition of economies, America leads the world By far, we're kicking China's ass, we're kicking SaaS South Amer, we're the fastest growing economy right now of all G seven nations based on policies by Biden and Harris.


After Donald Trump added $8 trillion in debt, we now have inflation under control. Interest rates are coming down, unemployment's at all time. Low manufacturing boom is taking place here. All very good metrics right now. And that doesn't mean it's perfect. It doesn't mean that people aren't struggling. It doesn't mean that people, you know, aren't feeling a certain way. I, I get it. But things are going in the right direction and policies to take us forward and not back or needed. Even Fox had to acknowledge a bull market entering its third year.


Dow Jones setting records s and p setting records. The American stock market is absolutely booming. I do wanna show you this as well because while Donald Trump is doing those bizarre appearances on Fox and panicking, here's what's going on in Western Michigan, for example, where you've got United Governors, Whitmer, Shapiro Evers, Healy Hoel, and more stumping for Harris. Watch this. Things that Are gonna play an outsized role in the outcome of this election. It is Michigan, it is Wisconsin and it's Pennsylvania with my, some of my best friends are my fellow Democratic governors. I gotta tell you, I, and look, I think that people who you may not think of as traditional Harris voters, but who are now Harris voters and people who you may think of would've supported Trump in the past, just by the way they look, but looks can be deceiving, are now out there very vocally calling out Donald Trump.


Here's an individual, this went viral on TikTok. Let me show you, let's play it. So Anybody care to take a swing and explaining, to mention Donald pulling a Mitch McConnell and just whiten out on stage while Italian opera and Oliver Anthony's music played for like 45 fucking minutes this weekend. I'm telling y'all, this man's mental decline must be studied. We are watching the direct effects of Adderall and advanced dementia. This shit feels like for the last week and a half, everything that falls outta that man's mouth has been one long amphetamine and hate fueled fever dream between forgetting where he is at and talking shit about the state he is currently standing in, leaving his supporters stranded in the desert.


And now this shit, I don't know how any of y'all still think this motherfucker is competent. Y'all were so quick to call Biden motherfucking brain dead, yet not one of y'all will admit that this motherfucker is not right in his goddamn head. I don't know, y'all know how this goes. Keep them motherfucking boots out your motherfucking mouth and remember that the golden rule will always remain Yee-haw fucked the law. And I will see y'all down the line. You know Why? Because people are sick and tired of just Trump whining and it's obvious that he's in serious cognitive decline. It's, it's apparent to us all here. Donald Trump says this morning also on that podcast that he's going to sue 60 Minutes. He's upset about them interviewing Vice President Kamala Harris.


Trump was too scared to go on 60 Minutes play this clip. So I think I'm gonna sue them actually. Good, go for it. I think so. No, you know what? They can't defend it. And if they do, and even if they win, it's gonna be very embarrassing. 60 minutes. So I've done it many times. I did it with Mike Wallace. The best one I ever had was Mike Wallace. And he was the biggest killer. And you know, Chris tries to be Mike, but it, you just, you still have to have it. Yeah, yeah. He's not cutting it. He doesn't, he's not cutting. It doesn't, but it's a very embarrassing moment for them. But the, the media's not pressing it Also like that this clip has surfaced here is JD Vance from 2016, what he had to say about Donald Trump.


Let's play it. And so one of the takeaways is not just that the Republican party base is somehow fundamentally flawed in a way that's unique in in American political history. It's that Trump is a really bad candidate and frankly, I think a really bad person. Finally, this is Vice President Kamala Harris from earlier in the day at her speech. Let's play it And make no mistake, Donald Trump is no friend of labor. Let's be really clear about that. No matter what the noise is out there, he is no friend of labor. Just look at the record instead of his rhetoric. Look at the record. And let's not fall for the Okie-doke.


Seriously, he encouraged automakers to move their plants outta Michigan so he could pay, they could pay their workers less, understand what that was about so they could pay their workers less. And when the UAW went on strike to demand the higher wages they deserved, Donald Trump went to a non-union shop and attacked the uaw. And he said, he said, striking and collective bargaining don't make quote a damn bit of sense. A damn bit of difference is what he said.


Exactly that it doesn't make a quote, pardon my language, A damn bit of difference is what he said. Alright brother. So Michigan, you know, better strong unions mean higher wages, better healthcare and greater dignity for union members and for everyone, whether or not you're part of a union, get that straight. Get that straight. Which is why when I am president, I will sign the Pro Act into law and make it easier for workers to join a union and negotiate for better pay and working conditions.


Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.