
Watching Donald Trump SELF destruct each and every day is a site to behold. You take a look at all of the polls. Right now. Donald Trump is down in seven of the major polls right now. Our friend Simon Rosenberg, posted them in Civics and Ledger and FAU and the Economist, Redfield Angus Reed and Morning Consult. Donald Trump is down big or just down by a few points. The morning consult map has an electoral college blowout in favor of Vice President Kamala Harris, and I think she could continue to expand the map.


Donald Trump's stock is crashing down 23 or 25% over the, or close to 25% over the past month. Donald Trump selling new sneakers. 'cause apparently he needs money. He's now selling Bitcoin addition sneakers. I'm not making this up. After he sold the assassination edition sneakers And, then those weirdo gold sneakers. Now he's selling these Bitcoin sneakers. Want to give a hat tip though to Mother Jones for this headline as we continue to watch Donald Trump implode and self-destruct? The headline is, white Man tells black journalists his black opponent is not black. That's of course, in reference to when Donald Trump spoke at the National Black Journalist Association, Donald Trump said that there needs to be some investigation because Donald Trump says, vice President Kamala Harris turned black.


Just the blatant despicable racism of Donald Trump on full display in that disaster of whatever you want to call that. Here play this clip. Follow Up Sir And. then we'll move on to other questions here. Some of your own supporters, including Republicans on Capitol Hill, have labeled Vice President Kamala Harris, who is the first black and Asian American woman to serve as vice president and be on a major party ticket as a DEI hire. Is that acceptable language to you and will you tell those Republicans and those supporters to stop it? How do you, how do you define DEI, go ahead. How do you define Diversity? Equity, inclusion? Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Is that what your definition That is? That that is Literally your words.


Gimme a definition. Then would you gimme a definition Of that? Yeah. Gimme a definition of That. Sir, I'm asking you a question, A very direct question. No. Define, define the, define it for me if You would. I just defined it. Sir, do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is only on the ticket because she has a black woman? Well, I can say now I think it's maybe a little bit different. So I've known her a long time, indirectly, not directly very much, and she was always of Indian heritage and she was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black. So I don't know. Is she Indian or is she black? She is always identified as A black respect, historically black college.


Respect one. I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't because she was Indian all the way And. then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went, she became a black person. Just to be clear, sir, do you believe that She's a, and I think somebody should look into that too. When you ask a continue in a very hostile, nasty tone, it's a direct, Yeah. Then you saw the other video I did on that panel. Donald Trump just continued to attack the interviewer. Rachel Scott, one of the moderators, even the Fox moderator who was on the panel, Harris Faulkner gasped at Donald Trump's behavior as he was attacking a BC news moderator, Rachel Scott. Rachel Scott did a really good job here, play this clip.


I think I'd know, look, if I came onto a stage like this and I got treated so rudely, is this woman treated? Oh my Goodness. And I'm fine with it because she, it does. She was very rude, sir. Very rude. That was a nasty, that wasn't a question. She asked me a answer the question, she gave a statement that wasn't a question. I repeated your statement, sir. Actually, Our friend Simon Rosenberg, has an interesting theory. Simon Rosenberg says the following, he goes, I continue to have this feeling that Trump got what he want from the campaign. He got absolute immunity from scotus, the Supreme Court. He got money, he had his scam, spac, special purpose acquisition company, Trump Media fleecing, the RNC.


In his campaign, he got the foreign investments and now campaigning and serving four years as president. Seems like a lot of work, perhaps too much for a very feeble and weak Donald Trump. Donald Trump then spoke in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania yesterday, and when he spoke the on on the big screen, they had this photo right here. Again, Simon Rosenberg says, no way this stuff is being driven by research. This is just Trump's bile spite and rancid racism. This is what was on the screen at the venue where Donald Trump was speaking in Harrisburg. California's Kamala Harris becomes first Indian American US Senator, because Donald Trump and all of Maga, all they continue to do now is have these kind of racist attacks and xenophobic attacks at Vice President Kamala Harris.


For example, one of the main speakers before Donald Trump at that Howard, that Harrisburg event, was Alina Haba who said the following, play this clip. I'm a strong woman, a mom, a lawyer, and an American. And unlike you, Kamala, I know who my roots are. I know where I come from and I don't play around with the Constitution. And Sha d Vance, or JD Vance, or whatever name he's calling himself these days, was asked about Donald Trump's various statements about vice president Kamala Harris.


JD Vance is married to a woman of Indian descent. Okay? And JD Vance's reaction is what? What Donald Trump said. I thought it was his hysterical, I think he pointed out the fundamental chameleon-like nature of Kamala Harris. She this shady Vance, you know, dolphin, Googler, whatever we wanna call him. This guy is a weirdo, by the way, Patriot takes account unearthed these, this other weird foot footage of shady vans. Just the subtleties of his weirdness too, where he shamed his little daughter because she was drinking chocolate milk that the campaign gave her.


And he takes away this little glass of chocolate milk. And then says, that's enough chocolate milk for the day. He doesn't do it to his son, but he shames his daughter. It's a small moment, but in those small moments, you see a lot. You learn a lot about people here play this clip. Oh, I'll Here she, she's just sucked down a full day serving a chocolate milk here. Is this our bill here? Yes it is. Got it. Doesn't cinnamon rolls, right? Yeah. Yes. Okay. Here, there it's, I got it actually. Yeah. Alright, now here's what we're gonna do. Thank you all. Those are big cinnamon Rolls. By the way, the betting markets have turned against Donald Trump as well.


That was one of the like last things. He continued to cite the betting markets. Vice President Kamala Harris gave a speech where she called Donald Trump out yesterday for his horrific conduct in at the National Black Journalist Association event. Here's what vice president Kamala Harris had to say, play the clip. We all here remember what those four years were like, and today we were given yet another reminder. This afternoon, Donald Trump spoke at the annual meeting of the National Association of Black Journalists.


And it was the same old show, the divisiveness and the disrespect, and let me just say, the American people deserve better. Yes, the American people deserve better. The American people deserve a leader who tells the truth. A leader who does not respond with hostility and anger when confronted with the facts. We deserve a leader who understands that our differences do not divide us.


They are an essential source of our strength. So I say to Sigma Gamma Row Sorority Incorporated, ours is a fight for the future.


If you have sensitive skin, you know how hard it can be to find a product that doesn't cause irritation. But today's sponsor, OneSkin makes it easy. Their topical supplements are formulated with soothing ingredients and natural antioxidants. Plus, they're gentle enough to use every day, even if you have sensitive skin founded by an all woman team of scientists, one skin's products are backed by extensive lab and clinical data to validate their efficacy and safety on all skin types. Not only that, they're the first and only skin longevity company to target cellular senescence, a key hallmark of aging. Their topical supplements are the easiest way to keep your skin healthy and hydrated without the harsh ingredients or irritation, often found in other skincare products. For a limited time, you could try OneSkin for 15% off using the code Midas. When you check out at OneSkin, do co give your skin the scientifically proven gentle care it deserves. With OneSkin, treating the symptoms rather than the root causes of aging has long been the norm. Most skincare available on the market is designed to provide a temporary reduction in visible signs of aging, addressing just these surface symptoms of an underlying decline in skin health. In a third party 12 week clinical study performed by a third party research organization, OS zero one face was clinically proven to strengthen the skin barrier, improve skin health markers and diminish visible signs of aging wrinkles were diminished by 87% of users. OneSkin is the world's first skin longevity company by focusing on the cellular aspects of aging. OneSkin keeps your skin looking and acting younger for longer. Get started today with 15% off using code Midas at OneSkin dot co. That's 15% off at OneSkin dot co with code Midas. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them that we sent you.


By The way, Donald Trump is sending all of these weird emails. Again, Ben, this is my final message to you. Okay, good. I'm not asking you to send these Ben, I'll be blunt, dangerously liberal. Kamala Harris already amassed more than 250 million in her ruthless bid to usurp the White House usurp control. But my campaign has a force that's far more powerful than a legion of liberal billionaires. I have you crooked Kamala is counting on a on machination to sit by, stay home and do nothing. But I know that will never happen. I need you to know this.


Your support is all that stands between us and total tyranny. Like all this guy has is fear. And it's weird and it's utterly pathetic. He sends this one as well. It goes, this is hard to believe. I know it's hard to believe, but it's true. The official Trump Vance Magaha is more popular than my famous Red Hat. Oh, who cares? What in the world are you talking about? If you take a look at the Chiron though, over here with Jesse Waters on Fox giving Trump a participation trophy. As Aaron Ruper says, Trump was a good sport, but despite tech glitches, you are a good sport. Donald Trump. Did you catch this moment here though, where Donald Trump stole the water from Rachel Scott as he was getting increasingly uncomfortable with the fact that she was just asking him normal questions.


You'll see that he takes the water, he twists the cap and makes it tighter. And then puts the water back. You'll see that there's, he has his own water on his side, but he takes her water, twists the cap tighter. And then puts it back. Very weird. Here, watch this. Not sure if you caught it when we played the clip. So can you ask question? What did you say? So what I wanted to say was, the last time we spoke, you said some words that were prophetic because I Asked, by the way, here's the lead Kyron on Hannity last night. A BC journalist begins Trump interview with insults. Again, they are such snowflakes over and over again.


When, when Donald, you could tell vice President Kamala Harris, as in Donald Trump said, is one of the things that Donald Trump says is he goes, she's not tough on crime, but she's just tough on people like me. Yeah, that means she's tough on crime. You're a convicted felon. You've been found liable for sexual assault. You're a predator and she knows that. She knows how to prosecute people like you here play this clip. She Wasn't tough on crime. She's only tough on guys like me because they wanna go after their political opponents. And we Went, by the way, we created this Venn diagram, helpful graphic for all the Trumpers out there. You see, vice President Kamala Harris had an Indian mother and a Jamaican father.


Donald Trump, take a look at his Venn diagram. He's a rapist and a fraudster. So you see how those Venn diagrams are. Does that make it a little bit easier for you Maga Republicans to try to understand what's going on here? By the way, even Rick Santorum, as Liz Smith says, Rick Santorum, whose senate career was derailed, this is a Republican in part because he compared gay marriage to bestiality, is questioning message discipline never a good thing. This is what Rick Santorum had to say, play this clip. Look there. The, the Trump has a bevy of riches to go after Kamala Harris.


The, the question is, is he disciplined enough to, to stick to those topics and do it. Now, if you look at what happened today in Chicago, he wasn't, he, he, he got, yes, and I understand they were punching at him and they were, they were baiting him. But that's what, that's what every reporter's gonna do to Donald Trump to get him off his message. The most important thing is for him to stay on message in front of folks who are not rally goers, but people who are listening to interviews who may not know the Kamala Harris story. And they didn't get that story from Donald Trump today. Well, By the way, in her memoir, Natasha Alford points this out in her memoir, the Truths We Hold in American Journey. Vice President Kamala Harris says that although her mother raised her to appreciate her Indian heritage, she was also intentional about ensuring Kamala celebrated her blackness.


This is from the book. My mother understood very well that she was raising two black daughters. She knew that her adopted homeland would see Maya and me as black girls, and she was determined to make sure we would grow into confident, proud black women. It's from Vice President Kamala Harris's book right there. I wanna show you one other moment right here from Vice President Kamala Harris' speech I think is important where she calls out the dangerous agenda of Donald Trump. Here play this clip. You may have seen their agenda, they call it Project 2025, right? And it is a 900 page agenda of extremism.


Project 2025 would raise taxes on middle class families and cut taxes for billionaires, eliminate the Department of Education and end programs like Head Start, which of course would take away preschool from hundreds of thousands of our children. All of this, to build on what Donald Trump did in his first term when he was president, he gave tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations. He tried to cut Social security and Medicare every single year, and he and his allies have tried more than 60 times to end the Affordable Care Act.


And to take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions. Remember what that was? Denying children with asthma, breast cancer survivors, grandparents with diabetes. And you know, America has tried these failed policies before and we are not going back. We are not going back. We all here remember what those four years were like, and today we were given yet another reminder, I'm not sure if you caught this as well, but even Joe Rogan, the right wing podcaster now says that he believes Vice President Kamala Harris is going to beat Donald Trump again.


Yet another major blow to Donald Trump's whole, you know, wannabe persona of, of a strong man. Look, we'll keep you posted as we learn more, but, but again, I'll, I'll, I'll show you one more. Let me just show, show you how pathetic this is. Donald Trump and the top surrogate accusing the FBI director of being involved in, in the assassination attempt Trump appointed FBI Director Christopher Ray, he's a Republican, and Donald Trump's top surrogate, Laura Loomer, is now reposting Donald Trump. Trump has previously said he loves her work. Laura Loomer, you don't want to get loomed. You're doing great work for Trump. That's what Trump's always said. And what she's doing is she's posting this.


She goes, we can't trust the FBI. The attempted assassination was an inside job exclamation point, spreading the most unhinged and dangerous conspiracy theories. And she's one of the top people in Trump's campaign from the MAGA world. She has an informal role, but she goes to all the events and does all of the things. I've done a ton of videos on her. This is who Donald Trump hangs with. That's why I say, I don't care if you're Republican, I don't care if you're Democrat. If we care about democracy, we gotta put country over party. And this MAGA ain't conservative. It's want to be cosplay, fascism. Weird. I'll leave you with this Republican mayor of Mesa, Arizona, John Gilles, conservative city, very cons, Mesa, Arizona.


Okay, but here's what John Gilles has to say about why he's endorsing Vice President Kamala Harris play the clip. Let's talk about the why, why you are supporting Kamala Harris and rejecting Donald Trump, who is a Republican. What is the reason that you find her to be the preference and the preferred candidate over even Trump? Well, I think that there's a minimum bar for elected officials in, in this country and, you know, having to do with character, having to do with commitment to the rule of law and the Constitution. And I don't feel like Mr. Trump gets over that, that low bar. And at the same time, I do think that the vice president is a, a, a good alternative.


That the contrast between the two of them is stark and, and President Trump does not compare. Well, there are many issues that, again, I, being a Republican, I I I differ with the vice President on, but what to me is the compelling reason to support her is that I don't question that at the top of her agenda is what is in the best interest of the United States. I, I honestly can't say that I think that's the case with Mr. Trump. Well, there you have it, folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watch. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.