
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm time anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


That was one of the peaceful protests that are breaking out across the nation. The one you just saw there was in Chicago. Now the Magar Republican governors and just like Donald Trump, are terrified of the peaceful protests and they want to try to escalate matters by sending in the National Guard, by threatening harm to the protestors. 'cause they're hoping to provoke incidents so that they can try to justify their fascist tactics across the country and in the various states, like, look how terrified these MAGA Republicans are. You have Governor Henry McMaster of South Carolina saying South Carolina's law enforcement will not tolerate lawless behavior associated with this weekend's nationwide plan protest.


The No Kings protest. Have a nice weekend exclamation point. Like who talks like that? Who talks like that? You should encourage and wanna inspire people to have their first amendments rights peacefully. Of course, as our editor in Chief Ron Kowski goes, lots of threats from the tough guys today. Or how about these signs on the fencing in front of Bunker Boy's White House right now. This is what, these are the signs in front of the White House as they put up gates so that protestors can't get close to the White House. They don't wanna interrupt Donald Trump's dictator parade. It says Fend the sign says Fence jumpers will be prosecuted. And apparently it's a recycled sign from Lalapalooza.


So then of course, Florida's MAGA Republican governor Ron DeSantis, who MAGA doesn't even like because he's not trumpy enough for maga. But Ron DeSantis goes on this show and, and, and he's in the past two days, he's basically encouraging people to drive their vehicles through protestors and kill 'em. And he is like in ca in Florida, we've got, you know, we protect people who drive their vehicles through protesters and run over people. This is how terrified they are of the peaceful protests. This is the type of scare tactics they use. Listen to what DeSantis has to say. And we also have a policy that if you're driving on one of those streets and a mob comes and surrounds your vehicle and threatens you, you have a right to flee for your safety.


And so if you drive off and you hit one of these people, that's their fault for impinging on you. You don't have to sit there and just be a sitting duck and let the mob grab you out of your car and drag you through the streets. You have a right to defend yourself in Florida. You Know, 'cause they're terrified of this. Like, like look at what's going on in Los Angeles, California. Here are some of the protestors dancing at the LA protest. Here play this clip. Louder. Louder.


So you have Governor DeSantis of Florida. You saw at the beginning you have Governor Henry McMaster of South Carolina. Here you have Governor Greg Abbott deploying thousands of Texas National Guard troops across Texas in preparation for the No Kings protest play. This clip, Governor Greg Abbott is doubling down on his promise to send out national Texas National Guard troops ahead of the no Kings protests across the state. Fox four Paige Berger live in Dallas, where there are multiple demonstrations planned for this weekend. Paige, Brandon, Lauren. Good morning. Thousands of Texas National Guard troops will be deployed this weekend. It's a similar move we've seen taken by President Donald Trump in California during anti-ice protests in the Los Angeles area.


Governor Greg Abbott says he supports the president's decision to deploy troops and is doing so here in Texas as a precaution with dozens of protests against the Trump administration's handling of immigration scheduled across the state this weekend. The governor went on Fox News to defend his reasoning for using State Force. There were protests without any property being damaged or anybody being hurt. And people are free to protest if they don't harm anything. However, be because of the possibility, because the size of the crowds could grow large because things could, could, could get outta control. We wanna make sure that we have the assets in place where we we're gonna be able to quickly respond.


Abbott deploying 5,000 National Guard troops as well as 2000 state troopers to monitor protests tomorrow. It is unclear exactly how many will go where at least eight protests are scheduled here in the Dallas area for tomorrow. Organizers reminding demonstrators to remain peaceful. And again, I just think about overwhelmingly the protests are peaceful and they're joyous. And there's music and there's dancing here. This is the enormous peaceful protest that we saw pretty much throughout Los Angeles. Most of it looked like this play, this clip, I found this interesting.


You had the San Antonio Police Chief McManus and the San Antonio Mayor Nuremberg were saying that they were never even informed by Governor Abbott about the deployment of the National Guard who just rolled in to their city. Here, play this clip. Mayor, Why not get ahead of this? I asked the chief earlier because he says if they get deployed the guards, then he'll reach out. You know, why not be ahead of it? Be proactive. Say, Hey, We, I mean, I'm not gonna speak for the chief, but I'll give him credit. W we weren't given this information. Yeah, we had to go look for it. And so we're gonna try to stay as coordinated as possible. You know, I I, I think we have great law enforcement at every agency, but they're under command of somebody else.


And so here in San Antonio, we have the best police department in the country under the command of the right person. He is gonna do everything We can to protect our local community and our local citizens. And To show you again, the fear tactics that's being used by the MAGA and, and like the MAGA sheriff's, this is the MAGA Florida Sheriff Wayne Ivy. This is his speech to the people he threatens to kill anti-Trump protestors. Here, play this clip. If you resist lawful orders, you're going to jail. Let me be very clear about that. If you block an intersection or a roadway in Brevard County, you are going to jail. If you flee arrest, you're gonna go to jail tired, because we are gonna run you down and put you in jail.


If you try to mob rule a car in Brevard County gathering around it, refusing to let the driver leave in our county, you're most likely gonna get run over and dragged across the street. If you spit on us, you're going to the hospital. And in jail, if you hit one of us, you're going to the hospital in jail and most likely get bitten by one of our big beautiful dogs that we have here. If you throw a brick, a fire bomb, or point a gun at one of our deputies, we will be notifying your family where to collect your remains at because we will kill you graveyard dead. We're not gonna play. This has got to stop.


And again, what they're trying to do here is escalate. They want to provoke protesters. They're trying to inspire violence so that they could engage in exactly what they're saying. They want to utilize their fascist playbook. They want people to play into that. So they're intentionally being provocative and escalating things. Here's again, MAGA Republican governor Ron DeSantis going on Fox and showing how scared he is of the No Kings protest. About 1800 of them are planned, including more than 75. They're claiming in Florida itself. And that's the same day Trump is planning the military parade in DC Flag Day Army's 250th anniversary celebration, which in and of itself, that's driving the left crazy.


They hate any display of, of patriotism or celebrating the of the military. They can't stand that. So governor, how are you preparing for these supposedly 75 protests across your state? Our folks are ready at the state level. I mean, I think as you know, the local police will be the first to respond. If anything goes wrong, county sheriffs will be there as well. We have our state law enforcement on standby. They'll be ready to go, whether it's the Highway patrol, whether it's Florida Department of Law Enforcement, and then we do have National Guard who will be ready. But I gotta tell you, we've dealt with this pretty effectively in the past.


I mean, one of the things they're doing, you're not worried Los Angeles. Yes, you, you see the looting, you see all that. They also just take over streets. Look, if you don't have a permit to take over streets, you can't just interrupt traffic. The Hamas people tried to do this when they were doing that a year or so ago. Mm. They tried it in Miami. They were kicked off the road in 13 minutes. They tried it in central Florida. Our highway patrol got 'em out of there in 11 minutes. So you're gonna be held accountable. The inmates are not gonna run the asylum. So it's a bad decision to try to pull that nonsense in Florida.


So you ever sit down to work and your brain just won't cooperate. That was me for so long. I find myself getting distracted, scrolling through social media, just totally unable to focus, especially with a job like this where I need to stay locked in, productive, creative, and on top of the news, distractions aren't just annoying. They can derail everything. Then I found BrainFM and it's been a game changer. BrainFM is an app built for anyone seeking to boost productivity. They create sign back music that sings brain patterns, helping you focus better, relax deeper, and sleep easier. I use their deep work and creative modes daily. It's like flipping a switch in my brain. There's even a turbo mode specifically designed for A DHD support. And this isn't Hype BrainFM is the only music company supported by a National Science Foundation grant and just published a peer reviewed study showing their patented tech improves attention and brainwave synchrony. Unlock your brain's full potential free for 30 days by going to BrainFM slash Midas. That's BrainFM slash Midas. That's M-E-I-D-I-S for 30 days free.


I just love this scene right here. You have Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters looking at the National Guard and like there's only like a hundred national guard who are actually operationalized at this point. 'cause there's no place to put the other na, the 4,000 National Guard that Donald Trump federalized in Los Angeles. Watch Maxine Waters right here looking at these National Guard troops as they're like peaceful protests out there. And it's like, what the hell are you doing? What are these weapons of war that you have here? Play this clip. I'm done. What are you gonna do? You gonna shoot some kid, shoot a friend you and run You gonna shoot an elected official if you shoot me, you better shoot straight.


I don, I don know why you are in my city. You did the the, the governor was not contacted. Take a look at this large immigration protest, peaceful outside of the fan fest at the College World Series in Omaha. Not blocking traffic, peaceful drums and chants. Take a look right here. Come Welcome here. No, hey, no here. Welcome here. Come here, come here. Welcome here. Here, welcome here are welcome here. Here are welcome here.


And of course we see Donald Trump trying to provoke things as well. Trump this week saying, when they spit, we hit. When the protestors spit, we're gonna hit him here, play this clip. When they spit at people, you know they spit. That's their new thing. They spit and worse, you know what they throw at 'em, right? And when that happens, they have a little stake, but they say, they spit. We hit and I told him, nobody's gonna spit on our police officers. Nobody's gonna spit on our military Or Donald Trump saying that anybody who protests will be met with heavy force. He says, he's not saying if you're like a violent protestor, he goes, if you protest his military parade, you'll be met with violent force.


Play this clip Celebrating big on Saturday. We're gonna have a lot of, and if there's any protest that wants to come out, they will be met with very big force. By the way, for those people that wanna protest, they're gonna be met with very big force. And I haven't even heard about a protest, but you know, this is people that hate our country, but they will be met with very heavy force. And then Donald Trump basically saying that there's gonna be no time limit to when the National Guard will leave Los Angeles or other places in the country, whatever he wants. Play this clip. Guard me in California indefinitely. How long will they be there until you think, Until there's no danger when the, it's easy. Look, it's common sense.


You ask me that question, when there's no danger, they'll leave. You would've had a horrible situation had I not sent them in. Horrible. You'd be reporting on a lot of death and a lot of destruction that's not gonna take place. I think if you look every night, it got less and less. They were met with very strong force. The bad people, the bad sick people that do what they do. But these are paid people in many cases, not in all cases, but in many cases. And they really are. They're agitators. Now, contrast that to what Governor Newsom has said about the peaceful protests here play this clip. He said, be Stu stubbornly peaceful, play this Glue.


Can we once and for all just dispense with this notion that this is all about going after dangerous criminals? Two days ago in Oxnard, California, there were ice agents running through strawberry fields. People that had been working those fields for over 20 years. I met with a 12-year-old boy whose mom and dad were detained. He was left with nobody sitting there weeping and crying, tears pouring down his face. Now today, just today in Los Angeles, reports are coming back that caregivers babysitters entrusted with children and toddlers in parks in Los Angeles had ice agents rush on them in unmarked cars and take these children from the caregivers detaining these babysitters.


Imagine being a parent of one of those children and getting a call about what just happened. Any parent should be outraged, but all of us should be outraged by that cruelty, by that conduct, by the Trump administration. Tomorrow he is going to have a birthday, a vulgar display of weakness and millions of people. I imagine millions of people are gonna get out and protest. I ask you if you're filled with rage as I am by what is going on in the militarization of great American cities, that when you're out protesting, you do it peacefully. Do not play in to Donald Trump.


What he wants is chaos. That's the reaction that he hopes to get from us from this cruelty. Let's not give him what he wants. Let's exercise our constitutionally protected rights, but let's do it peacefully. And again, contrast that to what they're doing in Texas where they've deployed National Guard troops to San Antonio and other places, again, trying to provoke violence. Play this clip One by one, Texas National Guard Troops were seen arriving in San Antonio. Part of the contingent governor Greg Abbott deployed to counter the growing protests across the state. Hundreds of protestors marched through downtown San Antonio yesterday demanding an end to ICE raids.


When you see some of the operations that have been happening across the country and here in San Antonio, is that why you're out here? It's heartbreaking. It's heartbreaking. I'm at the point where I don't even wanna eat because whoever's all my people who are getting picked up and it's sickening. The nationwide protests are being driven partly by what President Trump has called his administration's aggressive immigration policy. The goal is to arrest nearly 3000 undocumented immigrants per day videos on social media, show ice agents detaining several men in Dallas. Shortly after their immigration hearings were dismissed in San Antonio. Children and their families were zip tied at the federal courthouse in Omaha, Nebraska.


More than 70 migrants were taken into custody at a neat packing plant, including several family members of supervisor Stephanie Avila. The Looks on everybody's faces. It was just scared. And near Oxnard, California federal agents chasing migrants working in the fields, the Intended effect is to cause fear. Immigration attorney Jonathan Ryan says the stepped up enforcement is unprecedented. Many people are finding their lives upended because they can't go out, they can't take their kids to school. It is causing real terror. Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome. We've Seen under this last week some operations that have been working to bring in criminals that have been out on our streets for far too long.


Our HSI and ICE individuals have been out conducting operations with our government park. We are expecting a court ruling from California very soon on whether the National Guard and the Marines Act as civil law enforcement for the planned protests on Saturday. As you may remember, president Trump sent in the National Guard against the wishes of California Governor Gavin Newsom. There You have it. MAGA is absolutely terrified. And just think about that clip I showed you of DeSantis where he is encouraging people to run over the protestors. You heard him in his own words, crazy stuff. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.


Everything from clothing to household items are getting more expensive each day. The world of fast fashion has complicated clothing production by outsourcing around the world to whoever can sew them the cheapest. And now you the consumer, are paying the price with rising costs. American Giant is about keeping things simple and close to home. They aren't affected by tariffs because their products never leave the us. So when you buy from American Giant, you are taking a stand for hardworking people, local communities, and quality clothes. American Giant directly supports American manufacturers and ensures you aren't footing that tariff Bill. Support American made, tariff free clothing with American Giant. Get 20% off your first order when you use promo code Staple twenty@americangiant.com. That's 20% off when you use Code Staple twenty@americangiant.com.