
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you so.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last Texas tips and fees extra.


During a day of massive market volatility, Donald Trump held a disastrous press conference in the Oval Office with Israel's Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu by his side with Netanyahu sitting there. Donald Trump again talked about controlling and owning the Gaza Strip and moving Palestinians out to different places. He says Donald Trump also says that he's not looking at pausing tariffs. Let me show you what went down in the Oval Office here. Donald Trump is asked about being open to pause the tariffs. Trump says he's not looking into that Play this clip. Would You be open to a pause in tariffs to allow for negotiations?


Well, we're not looking at that. We have many, many countries that are coming to negotiate deals with us and they're gonna be fair deals and in certain cases they're gonna be be paying substantial tariffs. There'll be fair deals. In this next clip here, Donald Trump talks about moving the Palestinians to different countries and controlling and taking over Gaza himself. Play this clip Bourbon for the Times of Israel. The IDF is fighting to get in the Gaza Strip by myself might be called up in a month. Do you think that's the way to pressure Hamas to get to a deal? And do you think blocking humanitarian aid is also an affected Pressure? Well, you know how I feel about the Gaza Strip.


I Think it's an incredible piece of important real estate and I Think it's something that we would be involved in. But you know, having a peace force like the United States there controlling and owning the Gaza Strip would be a good thing because right now all it is is for years and years, all I hear about is killing and Hamas and problems. And if you take the people, the Palestinians and move them around to different countries and you have plenty of countries that will do that. And you really have a freedom, a freedom zone, you call it the freedom zone of Trump is asked about mixed messages coming out of the White House about tariffs and about other economic policy.


Then Donald Trump randomly says, we need open borders. Yes, we need open borders. Says Donald Trump Play this clip, Mr. President represent the US in the talks will derive Two questions. Do you expect any of these deals to be made before April 9th? And secondly, there have been some mixed messages from your administration. You're talking about negotiations and yet others in your administration are saying that these tariffs are actually permanent. What is the actual what's? Well It could be, it can both be true. There can be permanent tariffs and there can also be negotiations because there are things that we need beyond tariffs. We need open borders.


You know, we almost had a deal with China. Yes, Donald Trump is now the, we need open borders president. And I'm sure the MAGA base won't care whatever the hell he says because literally he can say anything to their maga mush brain here. Donald Trump then falsely says that the richest period for the United States of America was 1870 to 1913. And we have to make America in 2025 look more like 1870 America Play this clip. We setting a table and we're gonna have great trade and we're gonna have a very strong country. Our country is gonna be at a level that is, has maybe never been. Or maybe you know, our country was the strongest, believe it or not, from 1870 to 1913, you know why?


It was all tariff based. We had no income tax. Then in 1913, some genius came up with the idea of let's charge the people of our country, not foreign countries that are ripping off our country. Country. And the country was never relatively, was never that kind of wealth. We had so much wealth, we didn't know what to do with our money. We had meetings, we had, we had committees. And these committees works tirelessly to study one subject. We have so much money, what are we gonna do with it? Who are we gonna give it to? Well, there was indeed a massive financial panic in the 1890s that nearly destroyed the country.


Aspera ghost points out, JP Morgan had to bail America out. Yes, Donald Trump is truly a historically illiterate imbecile. As the account says next, Donald Trump says the price of groceries. And then he keeps saying, I like that word, groceries. They call these things, groceries, Play this clip. We're really doing amazing. I mean, we are. We're cutting prices because prices got so high. People couldn't live. I mean the prices for groceries, the prices for standard, standard groceries, standard things were going through the roof, they couldn't live. And now those prices are coming down. So call 'em groceries. But that's down. Energy's down and interest rates are down.


Everything's down. Donald Trump continued throughout this Oval Office meaning to show how demented he is by continuing to say the word groceries. And what an interesting word, an old fashioned word it is. He says, Play this clip. If you look at what's happening, you gotta see this today. I said, we're gonna try and get groceries down right? An old fashioned term, but a beautiful term. Eggs. So when I got in, the press went absolutely crazy. The first week they said, eggs have quadrupled in price. I said, I just got here, tell me about it. And Brooke Rollins and our team did a great job. And eggs are down now 79% and they're all over the place. And this was a problem that somebody else would've taken a long time to cure Donald.


It's not an old fashioned word, the word groceries. Again, could you imagine anybody in that position sitting in the White House saying groceries? It's kind of an interesting word. Groceries. I can guarantee you it would be all over Fox. 24 hours a day. It would be on the front page of the New York Post. They would be mocking just that, right? But here we've got Donald Trump crashing international markets, creating insane market volatility here in the United States. Over the past, what? A few days Donald Trump's caused $10 trillion in the market to be wiped away. It's unclear from one moment to the next.


I mean where, where the market's going. I mean it looks literally like a Trump meme coin at this point. That's not the way way it's supposed to look. But here, Donald Trump then lies and says, we don't have any American cars that are sold to the eu. Zero. He says, Play this clip sending Millions and millions of cars into the us but we don't have a car that's been sold to the European Union or other places. But let's go for the European Union. And it's not gonna be that way. It's gotta be fair and reciprocal. It's gotta be fair. It's not fair. And Again, the things he says are so outrageously false that you think to yourself sometimes you go, wait a minute, are we not selling cars to the eu?


I mean, who would just make something up like Donald? Of course, America sells cars to the eu. In fact, Tesla prior to Elon Musk engaging in a hostile takeover of the United States and and showing what a heinous individual he is. Teslas were selling well in Europe. But I guess Donald Trump, just tell another big ridiculous lie over and over again. Donald Trump then says, no one wants to actually do deals with China and the Chinese. He says, Play this clip. God Works out. Please, How do you ensure Mr. President that these tariffs don't drive us trading partners into the hands of the don't.


I'm Not worried about it. I'm not worried about it. If they want to be in the hands of the us, they don't wanna be in the hands of the Chinese. And the Chinese have turned out to be really not very good at that. People that are with us, they're with us. But we cannot be taken advantage of any longer. I used to watch these deals for years. I've been talking about it for years. You know, I've been talking about it for 35 years. How our country is being ripped off. I mean, which it, 30 years ago it was Japan, then it was something else, then it was another group, then it was China. China's doing the the best job of it, frankly. And it's just not gonna happen. Not gonna happen.


Donald Trump continues to whine about China's massive surplus. Play this clip About all of the people that say, well deficits, if we have a deficit with the country, or if the country has a big surplus with us, like China's a massive surplus that they take and they spend on their military. Well, we don't want that. I don't want them to take 500, $600 billion a year and spend it on their military. I don't want them spending money on their military and I shouldn't have to spend money. We shouldn't have to spend it either because, you know, hopefully, and I said this to President Xi, hopefully it's money that we're never gonna use. In other words 'cause we're not gonna use those incredible weapons that we have And that they have.


Then to then Donald Trump brags about the economy. He says, things are going great. He goes, this is the best. Everything is down at levels that nobody thought was possible. But yeah. What do you mean people's 4 0 1 Ks? You mean people's retirement and life savings, Donald? Is that what you mean Here? Play this clip. We Have, energy is down, we have interest. Rates are down, we have groceries, meaning food is down. We have everything is down at levels that nobody ever thought possible energy looks like it's gonna be in, in the $2 and 50 cent a gallon range. And maybe below that for a car.


Springtime is here and baseball season is officially underway. Don't miss your chance to add your favorite players from the diamond in your Prizepicks lineup. Whether it's strikeouts, rbis, or first inning runs, take your pick of more or less for your shot to win up to 1000 times your cash today. Prizepicks is the best way to get action on sports in more than 30 states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. The app is really easy to use to create a lineup. All you have to do is pick more or less on a few player stats for your shot to win up to 1000 times your money. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed price picks. It also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday price picks, discounts, select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. The second half of basketball season is here and the push to the playoffs is heating up on Prizepicks. The best place to cash in on your favorite sports. And don't forget, baseball season is underway as well. Think Shhe. Tani will get more than one home run this week. Juan Soto, for more than one hit. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this baseball season when you and your crew run your game on Prizepicks. This week on Prizepicks, I'm looking at the board and selecting Aaron Judge for more than one home run. Download the app today and use code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, download the app today and use code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prizepicks, run your game.


Then Donald Trump says what he's inflicting on the country is an honor. He goes, it's an absolute honor for him to do this here, Play this clip. One shot at this and no other president's gonna do this. What I'm doing, and I'll tell you what, it's an honor to do it because we have been just, just destroyed what they've done to our system. You know, we have $36 trillion of debt for a reason. And the reason is that people allowed it to get that way. So Let, let me just reflect for a moment too and just remind you what this is all about as well. In my view, this is intentional by Donald Trump. As I've said, authoritarians don't care if their people suffer.


I mean, just think about it. You think Saddam Hussein cared about the economic wellbeing of his people? You think Putin cares if Russians, the general population is doing well? No. You think Kim Jong-un cares if the people of North Korea are doing well? No, they actually want their people to suffer. What Trump wants is right out of the authoritarian playbook. Once he crashes the economy, then people become dependent on him, right? And then countries become dependent on him. So then you have to beg, can I get an exemption? Can I please get this? Can I please have that? Please? Pretty please. I need your help. I need your help. It's right out of the authoritarian playbook by crashing people's hopes and dreams, by destroying their lives, by re-engineering the economy.


So it's just oligarchs doing well and the people are suffering. Then he's hoping that everybody has to beg him for everything. And please, Donald, that's what this is all about in my opinion. Here's maga, Mike Johnson being asked about Donald Trump's destruction of the American economy. Play this clip. We have to give the president space, his strategy is playing out. It's been less than weeks. So I Think he, I Think he owe that Here. Donald Trump is asked about the American hostages taken by Hamas. And Trump says that, I asked the hostages, does Hamas love you? I said to the hostages, does Hamas say like, they love you and they show you signs of love and happiness?


What the hell? What are you talking about here? Play this clip. The stories they told me, I mean, as an example, I said to them, was there any sign of love? You were there. 10 people. It's only 10, but it's pretty representative. Did the Hamas show any signs of like help or liking you? Did they wink at you? Did they give you a piece of bread extra? Did they give you a meal on the side? Like, you know, you think of doing like what happened in Germany, what happened elsewhere? People would try and help people that were in unbelievable distress. They said, no. I said all of 'em. I said, did they ever wink at you like you'll be okay.


You're gonna be okay? No, they didn't do that. They'd slap us. The hatred is unbelievable. And the lives, you know, they lived in a pipe, not really a tunnel, it was a pipe. And they always thought they were suffocating. They were gonna suffocate. And then, Then Donald Trump is asked this question right here. You know, America tariffs Israel at 17%. So what are you gonna do about those tariffs? And then Donald Trump, probably the first time he even knew that, Play this clip, Mr. President, do you plan to reduce the tariffs that your government put on Israeli goods? 17%. Where On Israeli goods, the 17% Do you plan to reduce? Well, we're talking about a whole due trade. Maybe not, maybe not.


Don't forget, we help Israel a lot. You know, we give Israel $4 billion a year. That's a lot. My congratulations, by the way. That's pretty good. But we give Israel billions of dollars a year. Billions. It's one of the highest of, and we give a lot of, we give a lot of countries money. You wouldn't believe it if I said we give Afghanistan a lot of money because that was a Biden deal. Another Biden deal. Not only did he embarrass us with that, but they give them billions of dollars. Afghanistan, right? So, but no, we, we take good care of our friends and we don't take care of our enemies. We're not taking care of our enemies anymore.


But we do take care of our friends. And then Donald Trump threatens Iran Play this clip about This. A lot of people think that those talks are not gonna lead anywhere because the Iranians will never give up. I Think that's a possibility. If fails, if the diplomacy fails, is the United States under your leadership ready to take military action to destroy the Iranian nuclear program program and remove this threat? I Think if the talks aren't successful with Iran, I Think Iran is gonna be in great danger. And I hate to say it, great danger because they can't have a nuclear weapon. So is that a yes?


You know, it's not a complicated formula. Should also be noted. While that was taking place, we saw some headlines like this. European Union proposes 25% tariffs on US goods. Apple plans to source more iPhones from India, not Indiana, from from India. I Think I saw the stat from Fortune magazine that did a breakdown that if all aspects of the supply chain for Apple were brought to the United States, a single iPhone would cost $30,000 per iPhone if every part was made here in the United States versus the way things are sourced through the international supply chain.


Ken Langone, the Home Depot founder and and owner said that these tariffs are the most idiotic thing. This is Republican right wing guy. As you get Ken Lingon, we'll keep you posted every step of the way. I wanted to bring you what went down in that Oval Office disaster. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@storemidastouch.com All 100%. USA Union made.