
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads,


As I posted on my social media accounts, not a good sign that the weekend before what Trump calls Liberation Day on April 2nd when all of his tariffs are going to go into effect. Trump's commerce Secretary, Howard Lutnick, who has been on TV nonstop up to this point, acting like a sham wow infomercial salesman, all of a sudden goes i a and refuses to do interviews. So over the weekend, for example, on CBS Face the nation, they said we try to get Trump's commerce Secretary Howard Lunik on 'cause he's been the one talking about the tariffs and all of these things.


He's been promising an economic boom, but our economy's crashing. But Howard Lutnick refused to show up and do interviews this weekend at a critical time. This is what went down on Face the Nation Play this clip. We had hoped to speak to Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick today, but the White House declined our request. We do hope to have him on in the near future to discuss tariffs. Our Folk. In other words, Howard Lutnick refused to face the nation. Now where was Howard Lutnick? A few signs of where he was, we saw him going into the helicopter and heading out to Mar-a-Lago. So he seemed to be vacationing with Donald Trump. You can see right there the arrow. That's Howard Lutnick right there.


But as I said in the post, Howard Lutnick is like a sham wow salesman. He's been on TV all this time and he's been pushing and pedaling the most ridiculous stuff by Donald Trump. For example, a few weeks ago when he was asked, Hey, you know, the Atlanta Federal Reserve shows there's gonna be a 2.4% contraction in the economy and we're heading for a great recession, if not a depression. Howard Lunik. How do you respond to what the economists are saying? And lu Nick's like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Say that again. That's not going to happen here. Play this clip. We've seen worries about growth. I know you said you're not expecting a recession, but investors are on edge over the possibility of a recession this year after the Atlanta Federal Reserve said that it's predicting a 2.4% contraction in the first quarter.


And of course, president Trump would not make a What? Wait, wait, wait. Say that again. A what? A what? The Atlantic Federal Reserve. 2% contraction. Correct? Correct. First quarter. Okay. Right here, right here, right now. Right here, right now. That is ridiculous. Okay. Now Howard Lutnick for example, was at the cabinet meetings and he would be glazing Donald Trump nonstop. This guy is the ultimate glazer. He just says whatever he needs to say to get in Donald Trump's good graces. So here is that the most recent cabinet meeting again before he went MIA this weekend where Howard Lutnick started talking about April 2nd liberation day.


This liberation day that here Play this clip. Say a Couple of words. Well, what is so exciting is April 2nd. It's just around the corner. And that's American Liberation Day. That's the day when the rest of the world starts to treat America with respect and your leadership understanding how the rest of the world treats us and what balance and what fair trade finally is going to be, is going to take care of America. It's gonna launch the external revenue service to start to build the power and prestige of America back. And I'm honored to be helping you on that course. I gotta show you quickly though, what my sham Wow.


References this. I may be dating myself here, but there was this infomercial sham. Wow. And the guy would say, I got a shammy. It's a wow. I dunno. This guy reminds me so much of Howard Lutnick. This was the short clip of the Sham Wow. Infomercial Play this clip. Hi, it's Vince with Sham. Wow. You'll be saying, wow, every time you use this towel, it's like a shammy. It's like a towel. It's like a sponge. A regular towel doesn't work wet. This works wet or dry. This is for the house. Yeah. Now Howard Lutnick once again was nowhere to be found this weekend to answer questions heading into what Trump's referring to as Liberation Day. When all of these countries will start being tariffed even more, which many expect will further crash the economy.


Of course the markets are already crashing. People's 4 0 1 Ks in life savings are absolutely destroyed. But a few weeks back when Howard Lutnick was on Fox, he was asked by Maria Bar Roma, how much time is it going to take? How much time is it going to take? To which Howard Lutnick blamed former President Biden's administration. But to be clear, there was no mess that the Trump regime was left with, if you want to call it a mess. They were left with 4% unemployment record, low unemployment record highs in the stock market, about 16.2 million new jobs in the last four years. Hundreds of billions of dollars in investments teed up and being pumped into the economy for infrastructure.


The CHIPS act, the PACT Act, infrastructure Act, inflation Reduction Act, American Recovery Act. Things were doing great and then these idiots screwed it all up. Here was Howard Lutnick before he went MIA Play this clip gonna take Secretary. Okay, the Donald Trump economy, we own the economy in the fourth quarter, we start to get, you know, we get shovels in the ground, we cut regulation, we get shovels in the ground of this $2 trillion of a commitment to build factories, to build production back to America. You've got everybody coming back to America to build. That starts really strong in the third quarter, first and second quarter.


Our sort of a little bit our optimism, you know, egg prices down, interest rates down, energy prices down. We get a little bit of benefit from us, but it is the mess that we were left with. But it's not that bad. Remember, you know, overstating ridiculous things. I mean, you feel it, Maria, are you? Yeah. Did you feel deep, deep pain in the first quarter? Yeah, I've watched your show all along. Yeah. I don't remember you saying, oh my God, no, no. Come on, come. That's why I was Surprised. Here's Howard Lutnick again being asked, Hey, you know, does the president want the stock market to rise because confidence is being shaken. To which Howard Lu Knick's, like the fact that the stock market goes down here there, who cares?


Who we don't care about the stock market. Seriously, that's what you're going with. This is what he said a few weeks ago again before he went MIA Play this clip, This Secretary Lunik. Does the president want a rising stock market? Because we do have stock 6% off the highs and confidence is being shaken here a little bit around business. I know you guys wanted lower interest rates and you're getting that, but kind of for the wrong reasons because now there's worries about growth and potentially recession because of a trade war. The president wants American growth and American prosperity. Okay? And the fact if the stock market goes down a half a percent or a percent, it goes up a half a percent or percent.


That is not the driving force of our outcomes. Our Now Howard Lutnick is also the guy who went on the All in podcast, the like a podcast a a bro podcast thing of like rich guys. And he was saying that if you complain about social security, the reason that you complain is probably like not getting your social security check is because you must be committing fraud. So let's just say a social security check doesn't arrive here or there. If you whine, you're probably a fraudster. He says here, Play this clip. Let's Say Social security didn't send out their checks this month.


My mother-in-law who's 94, she wouldn't call and complain, she just wouldn't. She thinks something got messed up and she'll get it next month. Yeah, a fraudster always makes the loudest noise screaming, yelling, and complaining. Hmm. And here Howard Lutnick is asked on that, you know, rich Guy podcast, do we need to oligarch podcast? Do we need to speak in a more empathetic way about what Doge is doing? Should we be more empathetic? Because you know, they're firing veterans and all these federal workers and then they're defaming them and saying that it was for performance related reasons when there was not performance related reasons and you are destroying people's lives and you are making people terrified to like fly on airplanes and travel or do basic things.


Should we be a little bit more empathetic to which Howard Lut, he's like, no, no, do no, no, no. Here. Play this clip. Before. Before we get there, I wanna ask one last question on, on, on the cuts. Can we speak in an, do we need to speak in a more empathetic way? Because that trillion dollars of spending flows into someone's pocket. Some percentage of that pays people a salary and they live on that income. And I Think a lot of the, no, no. Okay. I Think this is important for you to highlight. 'cause a lot of people are reacting, By the way, if you wanna see what's going on in right wing propaganda TV land, one of their shows, Mike Lindell has his show, Lindell tv, you just gotta watch this.


'cause I was trying to find out where in the world Lutnick was over this past weekend and I, and he's in Mar-a-Lago. But one of the ways I found out was I, they apparently cover like where Trump's traveling and like the people who go on the helicopter on this like right wing propaganda tv I I, I have to show this to you just so you can like literally see how crazy this stuff is. But this is what's going on on right wing tv right now. Here Play this clip. Is that Robert Kennedy Jr. There is Robert Kennedy Jr. Amazing. And it looks like Howard Lutnick is with him. They're going to join the president on the helicopter.


Wow. What a great question. It would've been for me today if I was actually going to get to ask President Trump if he was working out Robert Kennedy Jr. 'cause both of them look great. I mean, president Trump looks healthier than ever before. And that's not just me saying that because obviously I do support the president. It's me just as a health and fitness person noticing that he does look healthy. And that's important obviously for our commander in chief to look healthy, to be healthy, and to obviously be fit. It's very Important.


Let's talk about jeans. You know, those stiff, uncomfortable leg prisons that cost a fortune, squeeze all the wrong places and make bending over a high stakes operation. Yeah, I used to hate jeans too. Then I tried the perfect gene. And let me tell you, I have seen the light. I'm talking about jeans that stretch, jeans that move, jeans that don't crush your delicate assets. No more saggy diaper, but no more stiff unforgiving denim. These bad boys are soft as a baby's bottom. I mean, who knew Jeans could actually be this comfortable. I can bend, stretch, run errands, breakout dance moves. I have no business attempting. And yeah, I look damn good doing it as well. And here's the best part. These don't cost $200, $150 or even a hundred dollars. The perfect Jean is just 79 99 and honestly worth every penny. The fit is spot on. They've got sizes for everyone and they actually make me want to wear jeans again. For a limited time, our listeners get 15% off their first order, plus free shipping@theperfectgene.nyc or Google the perfect gene and use code Midas 15 for 15% off. That's 15% off for new customers@theperfectgene.nyc with promo code Midas 15, M-E-I-D-A-S 15. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you F your khakis and get the perfect gene.


Now here is Howard Lutnick talking about taking over Panama and Greenland. Let's play this And spread the truth. Unlike the fake news legacy Media. Did you see Robert Kennedys? I did. I just got footage of RFK Junior going into that helicopter. It was amazing to see. He was with the whole cabinet, I Think Bessant and other Lutnick. Yeah, so incredible to see what a privilege this Is the first time I've seen Robert Kennedy Jr. Never. I always, it's always you Bus, but you in the Oval Office. Well, the first time I've seen him get onto the helicopter with President Trump and exit this way. I don't know if he's going down to Florida or Mar-a-Lago. Obviously they're going in the same direction. So will he be spending the weekend on Mar-a-Lago?


I don't know. Generally, like I said, it's always Elon Musk. So this is the first time that Elon Musk is not in the helicopter entourage. Generally it's him, but today it's Robert Kennedy Jr. And others. Yes, it's Now let's just take a look too about what happened as Howard Lutnick was going on that helicopter to leave Mar-a-Lago. This is what Fox was reporting about the stock market last week. And folks, things are gonna get even worse this week, in my opinion. Play this clip So much. Woo folks, this is a tough way to end the week if you're along the market. If you're long gold, you're happy. But Dow is losing about 7 24, the s and p down one 13, the Nasdaq down 4 84.


That will do it for us. Cut. Hello folks, welcome to Kudlow. I'm Larry Kudlow. So markets crash over 700 points today after a bad inflation report, more tariff confusion. Oh, and by the way, Republicans really gonna raise taxes that could have done it. Our own. Sandra Smith, Taylor Riggs and Jerry will be right here on set to break it up. Also, on Sunday, you had Elon Musk attacking the Federal Reserve and saying, end the Fed end the Federal Reserve. Why are there all these people working there? Yes, they're gonna try to attack the Federal Reserve at a critical time while they're sending the United States into a great depression.


Play this clip. Second Of all, my question is, what is your opinion on the Federal Reserve? And do you have any intentions of doing anything with them And the Fed? Yeah, I don't know. I I always wanted to say that, you know, but, but I mean, I Think there's like 20,000 people that work at the Fed. Seems pretty high. In fact, there's a lot of people that work at the Fed on this. Seems like why do we have so many people at this, at, at the Fed and what do they do? And you know, sometimes I wonder which one would win, you know, the federal for, for interest rates, the, the federal, the, the Board of the Federal Reserve, or a Magic eight Ball.


Now All of the indicators are showing just how unpopular the Trump regime is. You know, Trump's approval rating is sinking and plummeting. It's less than 43% right now. Only 24% of Americans say that their income is keeping up with inflation. Right now, all this trade war stuff is doing is moving alliances outside of the us. So China, South Korea, Japan, strengthening their trade, Canada strengthening trade with China, Mexico strengthening trade with China, Europe strengthening trade within itself in Australia, Canada, Europe, and just, and just isolating the United States, icing the United States out as a result of this horrific, horrific policy from Canada's the globe and mail Trump's self-inflicted recession begins to take shape.


I Think America will be lucky at this point if it's a recession. I Think we're heading into a great recession, if not a great depression as a result of what Trump's doing right now. I mean, thi this is what's caused depressions in the past. It's not hard to predict what's taking place and the fact that now you have Howard Lutnick not going on TV on the weekend after, scaring the crap out of people with Social security saying that Doe shouldn't be empathetic, lying about the stat, the state of our economy saying that, oh, it's not gonna be that bad doing his sham wow infomercial routine. While the reality is, is that the Atlanta Federal Reserve believes there will be a 2.8% contraction.


And it makes sense that there's going to be with all of their horrific policies, it's obvious that that's where this is headed. And then there's gonna be successive quarters over recess. This is not complicated. This is not complicated economics here. They're crashing the economy, they're crashing it right now. I'll show you this. This is Rah Emanuel. I asked him, I said, do you think they're crashing the economy on purpose? You gotta watch this. Rahm Emanuel, former Obama chief of staff, former ambassador to Japan and former mayor of Chicago, guy knows guys, knows stuff, and he says, we worked hard to stop recession these idiots like want to create a recession here, Play this clip.


You think he actually has a desire for, does he want a recession? I, I don't know why he said it, but, well, first of all, I don't know if he wants it, but I worked for President Obama when we inherited the what's called the Great Recession. And it was this close to going and tipping into a depression. We stopped it, pulled the economy back. I worked for President Clinton who inherited a recession. We worked as an administration. The presidents led them to pull the country out of a recession and to then build an economy that became, in both cases, examples of great growth and j job creation. This administration, through their tariffs and chaos are driving a health.


And we just got today, you're asking me today, they showed the report the economy was doing well and had forward momentum. Tariffs go up. 4 0 1 ks go down, Pete consumers have pulled back. And the, when the consumers pull back the economy tips over sta straight. And he said, well, there could be a recession. I've never seen anybody be so cavalier with people's own personal economy and, And that economic security for the working middle class of this country. But he said it, I'm using his words. And his treasury secretary, he said, he said they basically, well, that that could be the consequence. I don't know. I work for two administrations tirelessly that worked every day, 24 hours, seven days a week, 365 days a year to get out of a recession and to build the economy.


You have an administration that shrugs their shoulders and says, well, there could be a little pain here. Well, if you have 11 billionaires in your cabinet, what do they know about paint for a family that can't make it to the 31st of the month on their paycheck and is trying to get it to Walmart or to Target. And they are buying less and less and less as noted by the Walmart, Walmart, CEO. This is real economics and I Think one of the things that's missed in the past is those who are doing well. Were actually healthy as consumers. The rest of the consumers in our society, we're actually living in a recession. Our job is to help them economically not hurt them.


There you have the folks, MIA Howard Lutnick. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.