
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Drive. Or visit chem drive.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet, just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling, call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CPG dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


Well, folks, I guess Donald Trump was not done embarrassing himself and his entire regime today. He decided to hold one more press conference later in the day. What a complete and utter mess this one was, and it followed utter, disastrous press conferences earlier in the day. Here, Donald Trump brags about going to Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Qatar, and he goes, this will be a great trip. Some of you will be joining me. It should be noted that Donald Trump has personal deals to enrich himself with all of these nations. Let's play the clip. Okay, thank you very much.


I want to thank you. So we're gonna be having some conferences next week. I'll also be going to Saudi Arabia and other places going to UE and Qatar and some of you will be going with us, have an interesting time. But I think we're gonna have another conference next week, which will be very important, having to do with the world of the medical. And I think it'll be very productive. These are really very important that we signed today, and thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much. Thank you. Now, although no media pointed it out during the press conference we did at the Midas Touch Network, our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, wrote the following, Dubai's partnered with trump org to build a luxury hotel there.


Saudi Arabia is building a residential tower there with him. Qatar is developing a Trump golf resort there with him. Eric Trump just flew to the UAE to pitch new deals to them. Also, Abu Dhabi is using Trump crypto as part of their sovereign wealth fund, further enriching the Trumps to the tune of billions of dollars. Next up, Donald Trump is asked about tariffs on pharmaceuticals. And once again, Donald Trump says, I will know more in two weeks. Just give me two weeks. So yes, folks, two weeks strikes again, here play this clip. So it's just one of those things. Yeah, please. Yes, sir. President on the pharmaceutical side, have you made any determination on kind of what those tariff rates may look like in, in the timing of those tariffs?


I, I'll announce it over the next two weeks. Okay. Well, please. Oh, sir, do you have anything to say about this morning? What we just discussed? We, We have had this crazy system in the United States where American pharma manufacturers in the United States are put through the ringer with inspections and the foreign sites get off easy with scheduled visits while we have surprise visits in the United States while a scheduled visit is no inspection. So we are at the FDA delivering on this promise in the President's executive order and switching from announced to surprise inspections overseas. We're also not gonna have our inspectors hanging out for three or four weeks.


They're gonna get in and out, and we're gonna do more inspections with the same resources as a result. Good. Now, hasn't Donald Trump said everything's gonna happen in two weeks? This is gonna happen in two weeks. That's gonna happen in two weeks. Healthcare plan in two weeks. When are we all just going to realize that this is a rug pull presidency? Donald Trump is a Ponzi schemer in his life. He's a fraud. He's a felon, he's a bankrupt, he's a sexual abuser. He's a destroyer, not a builder. And you're seeing now why he bankrupted his casinos in Atlantic City, why he bankrupted so many countries and why, or companies and, and, and I suppose countries, and now why Donald Trump is bankrupting our country before our eyes.


Next up, a reporter asked Donald Trump if he can speak to the concerns that people have regarding the admin, the administration, cutting mental health programs, and take a look at what Donald Trump says. Anybody have any questions on that? Yes, please. On your proclamation designating this mental health awareness month, can you speak to concerns people are having regarding your administration cutting a billion dollars in mental health programs for Schools? Well, we're looking very closely at waste, fraud, and abuse of which is tremendous amount people on that should be on illegal immigrants on people that came into the country illegally. We have Many of them and we're looking for that.


But for the population that's supposed to be there, it's, it's perfecto and they want us to do that. They don't wanna have the waste, the fraud, and the fraud is big, by the way. Or the abuse question. Yeah, please. Thank you, Mr. President. I actually have a question, As I would've said as a trial lawyer. Objection, nonresponsive. Let's he even talking about there, may I come with some receipts, folks? May I come with some receipts? It's Carl Quintanilla posted Cutter Ain't no Dummy, cutter and D Global developing Trump golf courses and villas and cutter sources with knowledge are talking about the plans.


So Trump's gonna use our taxpayer dollars to visit the development of his own Trump properties in Middle East countries that are buying him off from the New York Times New Minis project is latest Trump company deal tied to a foreign government. How about this one? A fund backed by Abu Dhabi will be making a $2 billion business deal using a Trump firm's digital coins. That transaction would be a major contribution by a foreign government to President Trump's private ventures. Once upon a time, we had a name for that. It was called crime. It was called unlawful. We would make a big deal about it.


We still doing the might as judge network. Remember when the media made such a huge deal about some obscure real estate transaction that former president Bill Clinton was involved in? The whitewater scandal? Will it take down the presidency? Donald Trump just doing all of these personal deals in front of our faces to enrich himself using the presidency to sell meme coins and to buy, to sell influence to be bought by foreign countries. You, you, you see it right there, but I, I, I guess what the Corporate news just gives him a pass for that. As Ian Sam says, two stories, same day, I'm sure totally unrelated on the left.


The New York Times says UAE pours $2 billion into Trump crypto coins on the right. Bloomberg reports. The Trump White House may ease restrictions on selling AI chips to the United Arab Emirates. Here's another headline. Trump's families Cash registers ring as financial meltdown plays out, the party was on at Saudi backed live golf tournament at the President's Doral Resort in Florida, and a fundraiser at Mar-a-Lago, even as the markets tumbled. How about this photo right here? After touring the construction site of Trump International Oman, this past week, Eric and Don Jr.


Announced a new business deal to develop the Trump Tower in Saudi Arabia. Corruption, corruption, corruption matched by incompetence as well. We learned today about more Pete Heif, the Secretary of Defense, using Signal for war plans, more of them, more instances as well. This time he asked his aides to text foreign countries about imminent operations over signal. There you have that one.


Magic Spoon makes high protein, zero sugar cereal and treats reinvented from your childhood. Huh? The nostalgia Magic Spoon is also launching a brand new high protein granola. True to the Magic Spoon promise. It's packed with protein and so crunchy magic spoons. High protein treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 12 grams of protein on the go. They come in mouthwatering flavors like marshmallow chocolate, peanut butter, and dark chocolate. Now, my personal favorite, it's gotta be the chocolate peanut butter. It's amazing. And I have it each morning to start my workday. Now, magic spoons, brand new granola packs in 13 grams of protein and zero added sugars. They come in delicious flavors like dark chocolate, almond, honey almond and peanut butter. Get $5 off your next daughter at Magic Spoon dot com slash Midas Plus, or look for Magic Spoon on Amazon or in your nearest grocery store. That's Magic Spoon dot com slash midas for $5 off.


May I show you what Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett said moments ago on the house floor about Donald Trump cosplaying as the next pope. She goes, maybe, maybe just try to cosplay as the President and that could be a step in the right direction here. Play this clip. So speaker, I rise today with a simple but clear message. First of all, I just gotta clear up a few things. Instead of the President cosplaying as the next Pope, he may wanna try to cosplay as an actual president of these United States. That means that he may have to do a little bit of research and decide that he wants to understand that he sworn oath, and this oath was to protect and defend the Constitution.


That is the oath that he was supposedly taking on January 20th. As well as we may want the President to look into with the Declaration of Independence was about, we may want him to understand that that was a foundational document as relates to self-determination of those who had recently gained their independence from Great Britain. I, I would hope that he would maybe spend a few of these days in this first a hundred days. And it is sad to say that it's his second term that he doesn't understand that the Declaration of Independence is about this idea that we are entitled to the right of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.


And that's, But sorry, Congresswoman Crockett. He can't do that. Instead, Donald Trump is making long rambling posts like this. Right now, ed Martin is going through the approval process to be the United States attorney and the District of Columbia, according to many, but in particular RFK Jr. His approval is imperative in terms of doing all that has to be done to save lives and to caps make America healthy again. This is a passion for Ed more so than for almost anyone than I have seen. One of the reasons that I was so successful in winning the 2024 presidential election is my commitment to health and helping to make America healthy. The cost of chronic disease epidemic has gotten out of control. By the way, go watch the Midas Touch podcast, where I make a list of all of the essential health services that are being cut right now, including essential services to nine 11 first responders.


And you know, when they're cutting health response to nine 11 first responders, they're cutting it for everybody as well. And lots of people are being devastated. Donald Trump's posting, we won two world wars, but we never took credit for it. Everyone else does. I think we did take credit for it all over the world. The allies are celebrating the victory had in World War ii. The only country that doesn't celebrate is the United States of America. Wait, what? What do you, what are you even talking about there? There, YY Yes, we do. And finally, can I just read for you Donald Trump's response earlier today about Alcatraz? I don't wanna play the clip. Let me just read it for you.


I'll just read it word for word you judge for yourself, if this makes any sense. Here's Trump's full answer. Transcribed, well, I guess I was supposed to be a movie maker. We're talking, we started with the movie Making and We'll End. I mean it, it represents something very strong, very powerful in terms of law and order. Our country needs Law and order. Alcatraz is, I would say the ultimate, right? Alcatraz Sing, sing and Alcatraz a the movies. But it's right now a museum, believe it or not, a lot of people go there. It's housed the most violent criminals in the world and nobody ever escaped. One person almost got there, but they, as you know the story, they found his clothing rather badly ripped up.


And it was a lot of shark bites, a lot of, a lot of problems. Nobody's ever escaped from Alcatraz and just represented something strong having to do with law and order. We need law and order in this country. And so we're going to look at it. Some of the people up here are going to be working very hard on that. And we had a little conversation. I think it's gonna be very interesting. We'll see if we can bring it back in large form, add a lot. But I think it represents something right now. It's a big hunk that's sitting there and rusting and rotting a very, very, you look at it, it's sort of, you know, you saw that picture that was put out. It sort of amazing, but it sort of represents something that's both horrible and beautiful and strong and miserable. Weak.


It's got a lot of, it's got a lot of qualities that are interesting and I think they, they, they point. Okay, there you have it folks. There you have it. We're not gonna normalize that ever on the Midas Touch Network. You tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and have a great day. Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.