
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, Guaranteed, Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's S goals with LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Be honest, when's the last time you had a homemade meal? We get it between meetings, workout classes, and the kids after school sports. Who's got time to cook? That's where HelloFresh comes in. No matter how busy you get, HelloFresh has everything you need to get an easy home-cooked meal on the table with flavor packed recipes like Parmesan, herb crusted salmon. You'll be filling your kitchen with the cozy aromas of a homemade meal in no time. So go ahead, try HelloFresh. It's homemade made easy. Learn more@hellofresh.com.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This is Donald Trump's worst nightmare, some of the worst inauguration ratings in history. We're getting these numbers now. Not only were his ratings terrible, president Biden's inauguration ratings destroyed Donald Trump's inauguration ratings. This must make him so pissed off. Take a look at this article from our friends at Mediaite Trump's inauguration ratings down Bigly from Biden's. It goes on to say how 24.59 million viewers tuned into the Trump inauguration. That's 27% lower than President Biden's 2021 inauguration, which had 33.76 million viewers tracked from 17 channels.


Donald Trump also had 19.75% lower viewers than his first pathetic inauguration. Remember where we had those really small crowd sizes and his press team tried to act like this was the largest inauguration in history. You had lower ratings than that. Donald and President Biden beat you. Also. This whole inauguration was like probably the weakest, most pathetic and humiliating inauguration in history, not just from the perspective of these very low, small, teeny tiny ratings, Donald, but also Donald Trump blamed cold weather as the reason why he was bringing the inauguration from outside, inside into the rotunda.


Guess what, Donald, when President Obama had millions of people show up for his inauguration after the 2008 election, it was basically the same exact weather. By the way, when John F. Kennedy was inaugurated in 1961, the weather was much colder, significantly colder than it was on Trump's inauguration. So Trump had it inside the rotunda where he gave this really bizarre unhinged speech where he talked about attacking Panama and he talked about all of this weird stuff. Never mentioned bringing prices down, never mentioned healthcare.


And then we saw all of the oligarchs in their spouses 'cause they were allowed to bring their spouses. Others weren't allowed to bring their spouses. The billionaire tech oligarchs were all sitting right there and they were making like weird, like tweaking face stuff. It was so bizarre to see Bezos's face and Musk's face. And then Bezos's wife showed up and she was like basically wearing an open blouse like and just like exposing her chest with a bra. And then Zuckerberg was like looking at her chest. The whole thing was so bizarre. It shows that these people may have billions of dollars, but they are classless.


They are clearly yearning for attention, and it's just so utterly powerless as they're there as props as stooges for Donald Trump's utterly pathetic speech. What I wanna talk about as well though, is that a lot is very teeny tiny for Donald Trump. I mean, he also had some of the lowest inauguration approval ratings like ever. This is supposed to be the honeymoon period. And for Donald Trump, America already wants a divorce, and a lot of America actually wants a restraining order against Donald already, just based on I'm being a little bit facetious or maybe not based on how he's handled things.


So this AP NORC poll basically said that Donald Trump's favorability leading up to the inauguration was only 41%. In contrast, president Biden's was like 67 to 72. Obama was in the high seventies Clinton George W. Bush, the low to mid seventies. This is supposed to be a time where the nation unites if someone's elected to the presidency, regardless of what political party they're from, but not Donald. And folks, put your foot on the gas right now to expose this fool to expose this corrupt administration.


Now is the time to put your gas, put your foot on the gas and expose him. I mean, take a look at some of these other numbers when it comes to Donald Trump pardoning, the January 6th insurrectionists, the violent insurrectionists, those convicted of seditious conspiracy. Only about 15 to 20% of Americans from the AP NORC poll ever favored that about 80% to varying degrees did not approve a party, a pardoning, violent seditious individuals who engaged in terroristic behavior and try to kill cops.


Americans hate that as you go through other polling data. Seven, this is a Wall Street Journal poll. I mean, they're right-leaning. 76% of voters reject Donald Trump's unconstitutional push to seize Congress's power of the purse for himself. Americans actually believe in checks and balances. Also, more than two thirds of Americans oppose using economic coercion or military force to take control of Greenland and the Panama Canal. Two thirds of them all from this is from the Wall Street Journal poll. Two thirds of Americans oppose Annexing Canada and making it a 51st state.


More than half of Americans say, what in the world are you doing with this Elon Musk, who you're giving an office in the West Wing? I mean, these are some, take a look at this. Only 17% of Americans approved of Pete Heif as the Secretary of Defense. His sister-in-law came out with a declaration saying what a horrific human being he is. Here's a guy who never led any military command before. He's never led a large organization. The nonprofits he was leading, he was pushed out of working for nonprofits that you were pushed out of for behavioral issues.


That doesn't give you the qualifications to lead the defense department and have access to the nuclear codes. I mean, I just want you to think about this and then his personal behavior. But this is who Donald Trump is rallying behind.


This episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Wildgrain. Wildgrain is the first bake from frozen subscription box for artisanal breads, pastries, and pastas. Wild grains boxes are fully customizable to your taste and dietary restrictions. In addition to their classic variety box, they recently launched a new gluten free box and a plant-based box that is 100% vegan. Best of all, they take the hassle out of baking since all items bake from frozen in 25 minutes or less with no mess or cleanup. Now, my personal experience with Wildgrain has been incredible. I wouldn't steer you wrong. It's super convenient and all the products are high quality and super fresh. I cannot say enough good things about Wildgrain, and I know that you're gonna love them as much as I do. Are you ready to bring all your favorite carbs right to your doorstep? Be sure to check out Wildgrain so you can begin building your own box for artisanal breads, pastas, and pastries. For a limited time, Wildgrain is offering our listeners $30 off the first box PLUS free Croissants in every box when you go to Wildgrain dot com slash Midas to start your subscription.


Also, The Congress, Republican Congress, it's a disapproval rating, is over 75% right now. I mean, some really bad statistics and it's only gonna get worse from Donald Trump. I mean this, this weird, he had the the New Village people, not even the original village people doing the weird dance. You have Melania wearing the Pizza Hut hat and and being and selling meme coins and Donald Trump selling meme coins. You got Elon Musk raising his hand and doing this. You've got Trump taking down the Spanish version of the White House webpage. In addition to pardoning the Insurrectionists, you also had Donald Trump engage in other very, very serious pardons as well, pardoning individuals who were convicted of like aiding and abetting sex trafficking and engaged in just horrific behavior.


And he said, because the Libertarians wanted him to do it. You've got Donald Trump doing saying that birthright citizenship in the United States should not exist even though it is ensconced in the 14th amendment of the Constitution. Donald Trump failing to get peace into Ukraine in 24 hours as he promised. He promised peace in Ukraine in 24 hours and get this. This is, this is true. What Donald Trump said in his first press conference is he was delegating. He said he told Xi Jingping to negotiate the peace in Ukraine. Xi Jingping, who's forming an alliance with Putin to destroy America, Donald Trump now says he wants Xi Jingping to negotiate peace in Ukraine.


How utterly pathetic can you be? But Donald, those ratings, some of the worst ratings ever. And I think Mediaite just did a remarkable story calling it out. And by the way, lots of people weren't even watching corporate media. A lot of you were watching the puppy inauguration, the kitten inauguration right here on the Midas Touch YouTube channel. Thanks to you, we raised $90,000, approximately $90,000 for the Humane Society. And I spent the four hours of the time the inauguration talking about puppies, kittens, goats and coats, stampedes of Guinea pigs otters wrestling.


That's what we were doing. I hope you enjoyed. I thought it was fun to watch the puppy and kitten inauguration, but maybe, I don't know. That's my sense of humor. But sorry Donald, you're off to a pathetic. Start with the lowest ratings ever. President Biden kicked your, you know what in the ratings, millions of more views than you, and then you continue to do things that are just gonna make you more and more unpopular as Americans. See your chaos, your sicko behavior, all your deranged social media posts. But what about the lower prices? You want to talk about the Gulf of Mexico being the Gulf of America? How about the Gulf of lower prices, lower egg prices?


Well, prices are up, egg prices are up. Housing's not more affordable. And Donald Trump goes, I don't think Americans really care about inflation. He goes, I think they care about the mental institutions and people coming in from the mental institutions. Get this. Donald border crossings were down under President Biden to the levels where it was when it was at your lowest in April of 2020 during Covid, which was low for you because of Covid. President Biden brought the border crossings down, but everything Biden did, the MAGA Republicans would blame on him. There was not a single crisis, a single situ natural disaster that they wouldn't blame on Biden when it was Trump's fault.


But guess what? Now you're in charge and the American people hate you. They didn't even tune in for the inauguration. Worst inauguration ever for I think the worst term and a presidency ever. Utterly pathetic, Donald. Utterly pathetic. Everybody hit subscribe here. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 500,000 followers.