
Prep for Thanksgiving at Whole Foods Market. Save now on no antibiotics ever frozen whole Turkey, just 1 49 a pound with prime sales on Brie and select seafood appetizers help get things started for sides. Go with wallet Happy favorites from 365 by Whole Foods Market and finish with decadent desserts from the bakery or get your whole spread catered. Just order early. Get Thanksgiving ready at Whole Foods Market terms. Apply


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open. Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets. terms and conditions apply.


Followed that story but followed it. But. then I said a good job. They did a horrible job under the auspices of this These. two people, I gotta say these two people but and You know right now. I'm that right. There was less than five minutes into his speech in North Carolina. People were leaving Donald. Trump didn't even know what state he was in. In this next clip I'm about to show you from his disastrous speech in North Carolina, He says that you have one of the best candidates here. Dave. McCormick Where is David Dave. McCormick is the Republican candidate for Senate in Pennsylvania, not North.


Carolina Play. this clip And. You have one of the best of all right here. David. McCormick You know that Where is David Is. he around someplace You know we just left him. He is great guy. In. the next clip, Donald Trump said I just left another good place in North. Carolina. But here's the thing. Trump's last event was in Pennsylvania. He had just arrived in North Carolina 20 minutes before saying this. Play, this clip You know I just left another good place in North. Carolina. I had some of the best quips today. So how does Donald Trump spend the rest of his time during this speech?


Well, he attacks the Republican Senate leader, Mitch McConnell. Watch this. They Got trillions and trillions of dollars. Hopefully we get rid of Mitch McConnell pretty soon. 'cause he helped him. That guy. Can you believe he endorsed me? Can you that boy, that must have been a painful day in his life. Every time I I think of it, he didn't have to do that. He provided the necessary votes. What a disgrace. Yeah, great job, Mitch, for enabling that. Donald Trump's closing messages to attack you. Next up, Donald Trump. Can't find the word goal line. You mean goal line.


That's what you're trying to say here. Play. this clip Records, but we have to go out like we're on the four yard line, not the five yard line. Slightly better. All we have to do is carry that ball over that thing. We get into that end zone, it's over. Then Donald Trump brags about filing a lawsuit against 60 minutes in CBS 'cause he was too afraid to do an interview with them the way Vice President Kamala Harris did an interview and the audience really doesn't care. You Play this clip, But they'll figure away I guess. But we did. We brought a suit on Friday against them for a lot of money.


That's so terrible. Then Donald Trump praises Venezuela from 18 years ago was what? Being led by Yugo Chavez. That's what you're praising Venezuela. Anyway, play the clip. Long Ago Venezuela went bad. You know Venezuela 18 years ago was a thriving country. They had elections, they had everything, and then one day it went bad and it's the same thing happened. There has happened here. Same kind of scum that we have to deal with all the time. Guys like Adam Shifty Schiff. Can you believe it? Fake investigations all the time. The use of the FBI and the DOJ to go after their political opponent who's kicking their ass?


Isn't that great? Then Donald Trump says that if you don't vote for him, you need to have your head examined. Strong closing message. Donald. Sir, that's a great closing message, sir. Ridiculous Play. this clip, The worst administration in the history of our country. And if we let this slip away, we should have our heads examined. I mean we, And then as Aaron Rupert says, everybody behind Trump is like wondering What the heck is going on here? Here, watch this. The President has the right to impose the tariffs on these countries that have been hurting us. They've really been hurting us. It's so ridiculous.


They end up closing, everybody loses their job, then they make it in their country, and then they send it back to us with no tax, no nothing. And we lose. We lose. We lose the company, we lose the jobs. We lose sort of everything. And it's so stupid. And all we have to do is the same thing, but we have a big advantage because we have the pot of gold. See, ours is really the pot of gold. Ours is the one that they want, but we won't have that pot of gold very long because the way these fools are running our country, we'll be a busted. We're gonna be a busted country pretty soon. Then more lies from Donald Trump about the hurricane relief in North Carolina. He continues to lie and to use this natural disaster as like a wedge issue to try to divide people.


And he provides all of these lies and says all of these, these lies that are hurting people and harming people's lives and potentially killing people who are entitled to aid, who should be receiving aid. And he's lying about the aid that they're entitled to here. Play this clip. You Did the worst job ever on hurricane salvage and remu removal and just the security, what they've done, it's so bad. You know they've spent their money on the migrants coming in on illegal migrants. They don't have any money. FEMA's got no money.


You may assume that you're getting everything your body needs from your diet or simple green juice, but I recently discovered that most people, including myself, are still short on essential nutrients. Our bodies need to function at our best. So I've been taking Momentous, creatine Omega-3 and protein daily to ensure that all of my bases are covered. These three supplements support nearly every aspect of my foundational health from aiding my cognitive function to reducing inflammation in my muscles and joints, just to name a few. My Momentous daily protocol has become a staple in my health routine and makes the perfect addition to other wellness products that are part of my toolkit as well. Look, supplements can feel like a dirty word, and navigating the space can be daunting due to lack of trust and transparency in the space. But I've come to learn that I can trust Momentous, which makes the decision easier. My trust and Momentous is because of their dedication to working with the best. From their collaboration with experts to their unparalleled commitment to only using the highest quality ingredients. And they invest in third party testing holding their products to the same types of standards set by the most demanding organizations in the world like the NFL and the NBA. They call it the Momentous standard, which is really the industry's leading standard and quality. Look, there's a reason why the world's best athletes and experts using help develop Momentous products. So if you're like me and you want to take supplements that are made by and used by the best in the world, go to live Momentous dot com slash midas touch and use the code Midas Touch to get up to 20% OFF your FIRST order. That's live Momentous dot com slash midas. Touch and use the code. Midas touch.


Now, before Donald Trump spoke, you had his lawyer, Alina Haba, who said that she's proud to represent garbage. Okay, Alina, play the clip. Sundays are usually for God, but these days, Sundays are also for God and garbage. So I'm so proud to represent America's garbage. Then Alina decides that after additional tapes of Jeffrey Epstein were released, where he mentions that Donald Trump was like one of his close friends for the past 10 years. And He says all of these things about his relationship with Donald Trump that we've covered on this channel.


Alina Habbas says, how about that Epstein list? Okay, Alina Play, this clip. How about that Epstein's Island list? I wanna see that list. Alright, but enough of that circus, enough of that chaos, right? Let's move forward. So here we have Governor Walls saying, Donald Trump can't even open a garbage truck door. Play this clip. Now Donald Trump said, you shouldn't worry about this. If you're a woman, he'll be your protector. Donald Trump be your, he can't, he can't even open the door to a garbage truck, let alone.


And here Governor Walls talks about we just win this so we never have to talk about this guy ever, ever again. We don't want to talk about Trump. I agree. As someone who runs this channel, I agree. Play this clip. Look, I know people are stressed. There's a few good things in this too. Just think about this. After about 48 hours, we win this thing. We have President Harris, we won't, we won't ever have to talk about this guy again.


Never. So if, if you're on the polar coaster, oh, we're winning. Oh, we're losing. Oh, we're winning. Get off the polar coaster. Get off the polar coaster and do something proactive on this. If you wanna get rid of the anxiety, go vote, go vote This. Here's a great one from former President Barack Obama during his speech. And what I love about him referencing here, I'm not sure if you caught it, Donald Trump's speech in Milwaukee, Donald Trump said that he was surprised that the best player on Milwaukee bucks was Greek.


He goes, how could you be Greek? 'cause Donald Trump was implying that Greek people can't be black. And that's part of Donald Trump's and racism and, and former president Barack Obama calls it out here, Play, this clip. If you are black or Latino and you feel like too often your community is overlooked by politicians, except during election time, I, I get how you feel. But why would you think the answer is to vote for someone who has a long history of demeaning and disregarding your communities whose family business was sued for not renting to folks that look like you, who cannot apparently understand how an NBA superstar could be both Greek and black, who suggests any Mexican crossing the border is a criminal and a rapist who spreads ridiculous fantasies that Haitians are eating people's pets, who just this past week arranged for one of his supporters to tell jokes about black people eating watermelon and Puerto Rico being an island of garbage right there on stage at Madison Square Garden.


Do you think that's somebody who's going to look out for you? You know as lots of political analysts who have been doing this for a long time or saying like, if you look at the early vote in Columbus, Ohio, shout out to all my Ohio friends right now. What's up Ohio? We see you. Ohio is out loud and ready to go. You know when I think turn the page forward as well and move away from this chaos. I think Ohio is going to surprise the nation in line with that Iowa poll that we saw. I just think people are sick of this Trump chaos. They, they see this stuff and they're just like, I don't care what political party I'm from, enough of this nonsense.


Like here in this speech in North Carolina, you'll hear, listen carefully. Someone in the crowd yells, pardon? In the J six ERs, January 6th ERs and Donald Trump's like, yeah, and the crowd like, cheers on that Play, this clip, You'll end up in World War iii January Sixers. Yeah, it's, it's true You know, which I should tell you that at the beginning of Donald Trump's rallies, he does, rather than the national anthem, they pledge to the J Sixers. You're like, well, you're talking about they pledge allegiance to the January 6th insurrectionists. So that's what Trump's been doing.


I'll show you an earlier speech where that would go down. I think they've kind of tried to stop doing that recently. But throughout most of his speeches, this campaign cycle, they pledge allegiance. They've changed the lyrics of the national anthem to the J six Anthem. They call it. It's a song Trump made with the most violent insurrectionist. So let me just share that with you so you can see it. Ladies and gentlemen, please rise for the horribly and unfairly treated January 6th. Hostages.


So proud. I just wanted to provide you with that data. Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.