
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What a price they have. My favorite brand, just like a whole new BU dodge. Ah, I can buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great Brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you So.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you are into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid so you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food. Sign and dunk as 20,000 people. Watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra.


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


After failing in his negotiations with Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump ran straight to American State regime Media known as Fox to attack Canada. Here's what Donald Trump said. Let's play it Any one of our, We're tougher with Canada than you are with somewhere. Only because our biggest adversaries is Lie only because it's meant to be our 51st street. And I Okay, but no, but listen to this for a second. We need their Territory. They have territorial advantage. We're not gonna let them get close to China. Look, I deal with every country indirectly or directly. One of the nastiest countries to deal with is Canada. The people that now this was Trudeau, the people that, that good old Justin, I call him Governor Trudeau, he was, his people were nasty and they weren't telling the truth.


They never told the truth. You know that Donald Trump spent most of this interview with Laura Ingram attacking Canada and then praising Russia and China here. Donald Trump is saying that he'd like to do more trade with Russia while he attacks our closest Ally Canada play this clip With Russia. We don't have that much trade, and they'd like to, and we'd like to also, they have some very valuable things for us, including very big forms of rare earth. They have a lot of earth, you know, they have a big chunk of real estate, the biggest, actually the biggest in the world for a country by far. And on that they have things that we could use, frankly, and they that Other, and as I said, most of this interview was devoted to Donald Trump attacking Canada, saying he wants to conquer it, saying he wants to annex it, saying that they don't have any resources that are really needed and they need the United States.


Here. Donald Trump is talking about how Canadians are the worst people to negotiate with. He says, here, play this clip things. We rebuilt our military. Canada doesn't pay for military. They don't give any, they give us nothing. And they are the worst people to negotiate with of everybody. They had the Worst that with us. MCA, you finally got 'em around the edge on that though. You got No, I got 'em there. And uss MC a's good, but they cheat, you know, an agreement's good, but they cheat. And Mexico cheats also, I guess. And China cheated on your 2019. Can I tell you what? Phase one, they totally cheated and dropped it with Biden. You had a great Deal when Biden took over. He didn't push them. I would call up once every two weeks saying, you're not living up to the agreement.


And they buy more corn, more this. You see, even Laura Ingraham is trying to like, lead him to not attack Canada, but he can't help himself because he's a despicable human being who actually wants to annex and take over Canada the way Putin wants to take over Ukraine. Here, Donald Trump is, again, after attacking Canada, here he is praising Xi Jinping of China and Vladimir Putin. I I could, I could go on and on. You, you get the point though, that this is what is going on in most of this interview. Play this clip. Putin actually said to me, if you are my friend, I'd hate to see you as my enemy. He said that very strongly. But I had, with all of that, I had a very good relationship put with Putin, had a very good relationship with President Xi, a very good relationship with Kim Jong-un of North Korea.


Lot, lots of good relationships. And that's a positive thing. That's not a negative thing. But at the same time, I'm about our country. So that's why we're talking about terrorists. We'll be taken in trillions of dollars. I'm gonna get to the tariffs in a minute to what country? Because we're gonna, we're gonna first hit the other, So absolutely despicable. I'll, I'll just show it to you one more time then. Donald Trump says, look, Canada wasn't meant to be anything other than the 51st state of America. We don't need their lumber. We don't need anything from them. He says, here, play this clip Canada. And here's my problem with Canada. Canada was meant to be the 51st state because we subsidized Canada by $200 billion a year.


We don't need their cars, we don't need their lumber. We have a lot of lumber. We got we're we freed it up, as you know, last week. We're freeing it up so that you can actually cut down a tree without being, you know, given the death penalty because it what, what these, what these radical environmentalists have done to our country, but we freed it up. But we don't need their lumber. We don't need their energy. We don't need anything. We certainly don't want their automobiles. They make a lot of auto, millions of automobiles are sent in. I'd rather have a made in Michigan. I'd rather, Let me just say to our Canadian supporters and the Maple Midas out there, we here at the Midas Touch Network stand in solidarity with you.


We understand why you are boycotting all things American and American tourism because of the despicable Trump regime. And we are fighting from within to take back our democracy from an authoritarian regime that has taken over our country right now. Here in this interview with Laura Ingraham, Donald Trump says that he wasn't able to do the ceasefire deal with Putin, because ceasefires are hard. And then he spreads the lie that Russian troops have encircled the Ukrainian troops and that that's one of the reasons why they can't do a ceasefire. And that he and Putin are trying to save the Ukrainian troops from Russia killing everybody here play this clip.


And right now you have a lot of guns pointing at each other and a ceasefire. Without going a little bit further, it would've been tough. Russia has the advantage, as you know, they have encircled about 2,500 soldiers. They're nicely encircled and that's not good. And we want to get it over with. Look, we're doing this. Lemme Be clear, what Donald Trump said, there is 100% false. Russia has not encircled the Ukrainian troops in the Kiks region. That is just straight up Russian propaganda from Vladimir Putin. It is absolutely despicable that Donald Trump is parroting that. But everything he's saying here is despicable. Laura Ingraham here talks about how the Kremlin media actually stated that he demanded immediate cessation of aid to Ukraine.


And Donald Trump then lies and says, oh, he didn't say that Here, play this clip. Negotiables mentioned by Putin. It was reported that I think the Kremlin media actually stated that he demanded an immediate cessation of aid to Ukraine in order to get to the, get to this multi-step deal. No, he didn't. We didn't talk about aid, actually, we didn't talk about aid at all. We talked about a lot of things, but aid was never discussed.


This episode of the Midas Touch Podcast Is brought to you by Wild Grain. Wild Grain is the first bake from frozen subscription box for artisanal breads, pastries and pastas. Wild grains boxes are fully customizable to your taste and dietary restrictions. In addition to their classic variety box, they recently launched a new gluten, gluten-free box and a plant-based box that is 100% vegan. Best of all, they take the hassle out of baking since all items bake from frozen in 25 minutes or less with no mess or cleanup. Now my personal experience with Wild Grain has been incredible. I wouldn't steer you wrong. It's super convenient and all the products are high quality and super fresh. I cannot say enough good things about Wild Grain, and I know that you're gonna love them as much as I do. Are you ready to bring all your favorite carbs right to your doorstep? Be sure to check out Wild Grain so you can begin building your own box for artisanal breads, pastas, and pastries. For a limited time, wild Grain is offering our listeners $30 off the first box, plus free croissants in every box when you go to Wild grain.com/midas to start your subscription.


I Thought Donald Trump was such a good negotiator that you were gonna figure this out, Donald. I thought you had the best negotiating plan that you were gonna have peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. You don't even know what was said on the call. I mean, it's like not the art of the deal. It's like the art of the stupid and dangerous right now. The art of Donald Trump's obsequiousness. The art of Donald Trump. Surrendering what a pathetic individual he is. Laura Ingraham then goes, are there circumstances you would ever defy a court order, like the court order that said you cannot send Americans to concentration camps, or you cannot send migrants to concentration camps or people who just you divine and, and deem to be trained AUA gang members.


You have to like give them a process or let's just see where we are in 14 days and Donald Trump's like, nah, I think that the number one I I, I think I've been in court more than anybody here play this clue To that. Are there circumstances where you would defy a court order? Well, I think that number one, nobody's been through more courts than I have. I think nobody knows the courts any better than I have. I would say the chief judge does, but nobody knows them better than I. Chief Justice John Roberts issued a rare statement today in public saying he didn't mention Trump by name, but he said that people should not be attacking federal judges who issue injunctions go through the regular appeals process.


But Trump like a little freaking baby, is like, Ooh, he didn't say my name, he didn't say my name, so therefore he didn't mean me here play this collection. What's Your reaction to the courts stepping in to make a statement here? They didn't make a statement when Joe Biden, you know, decided to forgive all those student loans. Well, he didn't mention my name in the statement. I just saw it quickly. He didn't mention my name. Yeah, but many people have called for his impeach, impeachment. The impeachment of this judge. I don't know who the judge is, but he's radical left. He was Obama appointed As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski explains, this is the game that every Republican has figured out. You can criticize something Trump has done on virtually anything as long as you don't actually mention his name.


I've documented hundreds of examples of this. It's why he's our editor in chief. He's the best in the business. Laura Ingram then asks Donald Trump if he believes that when people vandalize Teslas, if that's terrorism, And Donald Trump says, yes, it's terrorism, play this clip. Like, And he backed me and he went and he got very much involved. He thought he actually would go around saying, if Trump doesn't win, our country is over. But do you consider this an act of domestic Terrorism? Sure, I think, I think so. Why? I think that if and when they catch the people, and I hope they do, the good thing is they have a lot of cameras in those places and they've caught some already having to do with that. I think that you will find out that they're paid by people that are very highly political on the left.


Meanwhile, it's because Very weirdly, Donald Trump then brags that Elon Musk loves him and loves him more than Kamala play this clip. Perfect Allies. So Elon is a patriot, and again, I, I hardly knew Elon until the, you know, election. And he turned out that he liked me better than he liked these radical lunatics that we were in. Better than Kamala, better than Joe, you know, 'cause he's an intelligent person. He liked and he backed me and he went and he got very much involved. He thought he actually would go around saying, if Trump doesn't win, our country is over. But do You can, again, Like I I, if you took a transcript of this and you said like a little baby is saying these things like just the his cadence, like me, you like me, like I would believe you that this was like a three-year-old, no offense to three year olds here.


Donald Trump attacks federal employees play this clip. But for federal judges, district court judges to order a sitting president to reinstate fired employees that you're the chief executive officer of the United States. You, you order that these agencies, a Review fired employees, many of whom didn't even report to work, many of whom were scamming this country. And you, you see the same thing. I could read 'em off and I did during various speeches. I read off deal after deal after deal, all big scams. And we have a guy that wants to make a name for himself. You know, in many cases they're just grand standards. They wanna make a name for themselves.


So Here, Donald Trump says that he would have liked to get a piece of the action of the money that's gonna come in from the Trump gold card, which is how he says we're all gonna get rich from the Trump gold card. You see, he's gonna sell citizenship to Russian oligarchs and Chinese oligarchs. Play this clip. Judge. That's the point. We have time. We're gonna be making a lot of money because of tariffs. The good news is we've got it on. We're going to very soon be on an even keel. We're gonna be taking a lot of money. The Trump card, the gold card, whatever they wanna call, it's okay with me. Whatever's gonna sell better is fine with me. It'd be nice to get a piece, but I don't get a piece. Okay? I get nothing out of it. All I do is wanna make this country successful again.


Then finally, Donald Trump lies and says that they found so much fraud in U-S-A-I-D, all this fraud they found play this Clip. So much fraud, so much waste, so many employees that never showed up to work. And we have a judge from a very liberal state who ruled like that so bad for our country. So I guess They closed the Door. You didn't find fraud. And also, you know how I know you didn't too where, show me you were sending people to El Salvador concentration camps, right? So, so where, where, where are all your people who are been arrested for fraud, for U-S-A-I-D fraud, where are the criminals? Oh, wait a minute. Are you telling me that the Republicans passed continuing resolutions where they adopted these priorities?


And until you and Elon Musk decided that you were going to just lie about everything, U-S-A-I-D-A-I-D was doing, you're telling me that Republicans were actually in favor of U-S-A-I-D and now they're not. Oh, they're, you're telling me they're inconsistent and they're lawyers. Oh, big shocker. When it comes to maga. How pathetic is this though? He spent an entire interview attacking Canada, saying how he wants to conquer it, which is not a trade war. Those are the words of actual war. And it pisses me off. And that's why Canada has united in solidarity against this crap. It's pathetic. It's shameful.


It's a stain on the United States of America. It's horrific. It's subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you for watching. Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.