
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem via radio.com.


I'm ready for my life to change


A, B, C Sundays American Idol's all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come out the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is amazing. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan RET on American Idol. New Sundays eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and dao.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


After wrecking our economy this past week, Donald Trump, once again now is taking a vacation in Florida at his resort where he lives in Mar-a-Lago. He's making numerous psychotic and delusional posts this morning. Like this one right here. President Trump has revolutionized the new American Revolution. And when you open up what Donald Trump posts, here's what it says. And rightfully so. As has been reported, Donald Trump has done more in his first month than any other president in history. And just who is in second place? Only the father of our country, George Washington. Give that just one moment of serious thought.


During his first several weeks in office, Trump eclipse, the first president of our republic and the man assigned with the Herculean task of standing it up after a brutal but victorious revolution. That's what Donald Trump is posting this morning. It's why I say he's psychotic and I'm not trying to be hyperbolic. He then sends this email out to his supporters. Are you in the 1%? Ben, Ben, Ben. Today I'm announcing the first ever Trump Platinum Club after my election. Only the top 1% of Trump's supporters are even receiving this message. Will you join the top 1% of Trump's supporters?


And then you click the link to join the Platinum Club where he grips off of his supporters what? So they can feel like they're in the 1%, like the billionaires who hang out at Mar-a-Lago, who are the ones getting all the tax cuts and all of the benefits while we the people suffer while the people are having Medicaid gutted. While veterans are being fired while the Social Security Administration is being dismantled. You can join Donald Trump's platinum club If you give him money. What is he even campaigning for? Let's take a look at the headlines this morning from the Wall Street Journal. I could show you headlines from a lot of sources.


Let me show you though, from the journal, right? 'cause it's right leaning. It's owned by Rupert Murdoch. I'll give you that perspective of it. Here's what it says. Consumers and businesses send distress signal as economic fear sets in, canceled trips, fewer dinner parties and falling sales quote. We are cutting back on virtually everything. Another headline from the Wall Street Journal. Eggs are so expensive, people are smuggling them in from Mexico. The contraband is yet another sign of how far consumers will go to battle. Soaring egg prices. Another headline from the Wall Street Journal.


Here's where to look for early signs of a recession. Also, as Donald Trump attacks our allies, guess what? Our allies are not buying stuff from America. Yes, consumer products. Yes, people in Canada and Europe are canceling their trips to America. America's tourism industry is suffering. But even like the military supplies that the United States used to sell that suffering as well. Look, Portugal debating to not buy F 30 fives from America. Mark Carney, the new Prime minister of Canada, one of his first actions was to review whether or not Canada should be buying F 30 fives and other military equipment from the United States, or if they should be looking elsewhere.


Other countries are now stepping in and pitching their equipment and supplies instead of America. And as Donald Trump continues to make all of these delusional and psychotic posts, so does his co-president or puppet master, however you wanna refer to Elon Musk as an unelected billionaire bureaucrat, whose team of 19 to 25 year olds has destroyed our government and has taken our data, our medical records, our social security information, our tax records, and other private information they now have. And the Trump regime says, trust the billionaires.


They're so rich that they should be trusted with everything. What would they do wrong with your data? Here's the headline from moments ago. Elon Musk shared then removed a post absolving dictators for genocide. The post falsely claimed that Stalin, Hitler, and Mao were not responsible for the murders of millions, but rather public sector workers were. Here's what Elon posted. Stalin, Mao And Hitler didn't murder millions of people. Their public sector workers did. He then deleted that, but he reposted that. And again, this becomes what a a half a day news story on the Midas Touch Network.


We're gonna keep on covering it, we're gonna keep reporting on it. We're not gonna sensationalize it. We're just gonna say what it is that should make you very angry would be putting it mildly. Let me show you what should also make you very angry. Have you seen this Donald Trump's latest interview where Donald Trump was asked, Hey, you said that you would bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. You have not done that. And Donald Trump says, I didn't really mean it. I was being sarcastic. He says, here, play it. But As a candidate, you said you would have this war settled in 24 hours. Well, I was being a little bit sarcastic when I said that I wouldn't, what I really mean is I'd like to get it settled So horrific.


So he, he's just a liar. He's a con artist. You want to call this the rug pole regime. You want to call this the Ponzi scheme Regime. They just move the goalpost, lie, lie, lie. There's no lie that they won't tell. Another headline right here, I covered this earlier this morning as well. US is now begging Denmark for eggs. 'cause us doesn't have eggs anymore. And the price of eggs in the US is surging. And you see the lines. So now after the United States threatening Denmark with war, right? The United States says it wants to seize an annex Greenland, which is part of the kingdom of Denmark.


Secretly the Trump administration's begging Denmark in private for eggs and for other supplies. I want to give a shout out to all the veterans who were protesting over this past weekend. And I want to tell you that our heart goes out to you here at the Midas Touch Network. My grandfather was a tail gunner on a B 29 in World War ii. And I remember all the stories that he would tell us growing up. And y'all are the real heroes. And what the Trump regime is doing to all of you by gutting, what, 70,000 jobs at the va, making it difficult to get in touch with the crisis hotline, firing federal workers, many of whom are former veterans or spouses of the military.


This is from the Dallas News, Dallas veterans rally against firing at the va. And there were protests like this across the country. I wanna share this with you as well. Every year right around this time in Basel, Switzerland, they hold this parade in Basil. This year's parade. And again, Switzerland known for being neutral, right? That's kind of the, the, the reputation. But I, I would say they're very pro-democracy. But you know that that's here, here is a great protest that they gave to Donald Trump. So this is what was going on in Switzerland this past week.


So here's what Trump is seeing right now, how the world feels about him here, play this clip.


You guys, it's possibly my favorite time of the week when I get to talk to you about coffee. My days don't start till I drink my coffee. And I'm not talking about just any coffee. You know, I don't mess with just any coffee. I'm talking about freshly roasted specialty coffee, delivered right to my door thanks to trade. Trade is the number one US specialty coffee marketplace, working with over 50 of the country's top roasters to bring you fresh, incredible coffee at grocery store prices. I took their quick coffee quiz. They matched me with the greatest bag of coffee from Columbia from a roaster named Clutch Coffee. I could smell it before I even opened the bag. The flavor is incredible. Fruity notes, even a hint of vanilla. I'd say so good. And if you're picky about coffee trade, makes sure that you get it right. If your first bag isn't perfect, they will replace it for free. Every bag is roasted to order. So you'll taste the difference in every sip. And right now, trade is offering our listeners 40% off your first order. Just go to drink trade.com/midas. That's drink trade.com/m E-I-D-A-S for 40% off your first order. Start your morning right with trade.


Yep. The parade of middle fingers as it's called, the parade of middle fingers. I'll show you here just some other photos of some of the veterans and whether it was in Albany and DC and Minnesota, in Vermont. Shout out to all of them making their voices heard. We stand in solidarity with you. While all of this is going on, Trump's chief propagandist, Kellyann Conway is saying, consumer confidence is up. Everything is great. Here's what she says. Greg, Go down. Consumer confidence going up. Everything is turning up Trump. And now, Yeah, she's the queen of alternative facts, meaning lies.


They just, they lie, they're liars. They lie about everything. Consumer confidence is almost as low as it's ever been in terms of consumer sentiments the worst since 2022. But inflation expectations the worst since 1993. Job loss expectations. I think that's the worst since 19 87, 19 87 or so. And what does Trump do? He goes into the DOJ yesterday and he talks about the word groceries. He goes, it's an old fashioned word. The word groceries here, play this clip.


All things that we wanted to do because then everything else is gonna be coming down. We want it to come down. We want bacon to come down and groceries a, a term I used to use, it's sort of an old fashioned term, but I used to Use, and then they send their MAGA, Republican senators, like senator, she, he from Montana. Montana used to have a good democratic senator, stood up for the people. Now they've got like a private equity hedge fund guy. And what they're trying to pitch is that Americans were, I've, I've showed lots of videos like this. So I'll just show one quick one that Americans were on a sugar high. We need to suffer now. It's for the long-term good, but we have to suffer.


And I just want to fact check that. They act like the economy was horrible under former President Biden. It wasn't. We had record GDP growth, we had low unemployment. We had what 16.4 million jobs were created. Our GDP was higher than China. We were energy independent. Inflation was hitting 2%, which is exactly where you wanted to be. So interest rates were going to be cut. The Wall Street Journal called it the envy of the world. The economy. Lemme just show you this clip. We Lo we all love a good stock market, but the reality is that stock market imbalance didn't necessarily benefit the smaller, mid-sized companies and average shareholders across the country.


It didn't necessarily benefit Main Street that much. So I think we are gonna see a correction there, you know? But the reality is the stock market's not the economy. The economy's not the stock market. It's not uncommon for uncertainty to cause disruptions in that as they digest a new environmental, a new economic landscape that the president's Created. There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for Watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot. We charge you a little. So naturally, when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch, $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of details.