
An update now to the bombshell report about how Donald Trump and Jeffrey Epstein had played a sick and twisted game with a then Sports Illustrated swimsuit model named Stacey Williams. Remember, the story was first reported by the guardian. Stacey Williams talked about how Jeffrey Epstein brought her over to Donald Trump's office in the early 1990s where Donald Trump, in front of Epstein started groping her, started touching her body without her consent. And then as she kind of left, Jeffrey Epstein berated her that she wouldn't allow Donald Trump to do more with her body. There's more developments here In this sick and disturbing story, she has told a b, C news that Jeffrey Epstein would always talk about Donald Trump.


She said there were three people who Epstein consistently talked about Donald Trump, Ghislaine Maxwell, and another individual who was the kind of funding source for Jeffrey Epstein. Someone by the name of Leslie Wexner, who he Epstein managed Leslie Wexner money. Here's the article from a BC News. xmo who accused Trump of groping her in 1990s says that Epstein mentioned Trump. Every time we spoke, Epstein frequently talked about having just seen Donald Trump. Stacey Williams said, want to go into that article in just a moment? But you'll remember from all of our reporting here on the Midas touch, nor we've never moved away from this beat, you know, we've always been talking about it over since Midas Touch started.


We weren't going to ignore this and cover our eyes and close our ears. You know, we've showed you deposition transcripts where Donald Trump's name is mentioned in the various Epstein lawsuits as a place where Epstein would bring victims who he trafficked to Trump properties like. Take a look right here at this deposition transcript, one of the victims of Epstein said as we were flying, Jeffrey said, why don't you go sit in the cockpit to check out the landing? We were sitting there in the pilot, told me to go back and tell him we can't land in New York to Epstein, that we were going to have to land in Atlantic City. Jeffrey said, great. We'll call up Trump and we'll go to I.


Don't recall the name of the casino, but we'll go to one of the casinos of Donald Trump, right? We've, we always have our receipts here. I mean. We've showed you the Epstein flight logs, Donald Trump's name at least seven times on Epstein's flight logs. We've showed you Epstein's call logs Donald Trump's name repeatedly on Epstein's call logs. We've showed you the data that Epstein was on Donald Trump's plane repeatedly, and on one occasion, someone who was there said that Epstein and Trump boarded Trump's jet with a girl of indeterminate age. Couldn't tell if she was 15 or 20.


She was quite dressed up and quite made up. So it was hard to tell. We previously showed you this article from UK's magazine, how Sweet Trump's Brit of All right? And this article purports to talk about how Ghislaine Maxwell would introduce women to Donald Trump and Trump would put the women in their penthouse. by the way, Ghislaine Maxwell was, Donald was the trafficker sex trafficker for Jeffrey Epstein during her criminal sex trafficking trial. Donald Trump was asked about Ghislaine Maxwell, and rather than saying, you know, it's sickening, what I'm hearing about her, her conduct is outrageous.


Donald Trump's response was that he wished her, well, I'll roll out all of these receipts in just a little bit. I should also mention that right now, Donald Trump is flying around. One of his campaign planes is actually Epstein's former jet. So Epstein's Gulf Stream, you know, Epstein's airplane that everybody talks about, that Epstein used for sex trafficking after Epstein died, it was sold to somebody. And then that jet, the same one I mean there's lots of jets that you could fly around in, right? So when Donald Trump's not flying on his bigger airplane, he flies around in a Gulf Stream jet and so does JD Vance.


And it's actually Jeffrey Epstein's sex trafficking plane that they fly around. And here's just a photo left. Epstein poses for a photo in front of his Gulfstream Arrow five 50. And that's the plane that now has Donald Trump's name, Trump 2024 wrapped around it. Let's go back to that A BC news article. Here's what it says. It says, the former Sports Illustrated swimsuit model who has accused Donald Trump of groping her in front of Jeffrey Epstein in the early 1990s, is offering more details about what she claims she observed about Epstein's relationship with the current presidential candidate. And what she says, Epstein told, or quote, I would say that he talked about having just seen Donald or having just done something I mean every time we spoke.


He talked about Trump. Stacey Williams, who worked as a professional model in the 1990s told a BC News. Williams went public this week with an allegation that Trump groped her in front of Epstein after she said Epstein, who would later be known as a serial sex offender, brought her to Trump Tower in the early 1990s in her interviews with a BC News. Williams said that during her several month relationship with Epstein, she said, who she said she met in 1992. Trump was among three people who Epstein talked to her about the most with one of the other two being Ghislaine, Maxwell Epstein's longtime associate, who has since been sentenced to prison for 20 years for recruiting and grooming the underage girls who Epstein sexually abused.


The third person, Williams said was Leslie Wexner, the billionaire retail magnet, who once employed Epstein to manage his fortune. Williams told a b, C news that the alleged encounter when she was 24, lasted no more than 10 minutes. I was in shock and I was frozen. He put his arms out, pulled me towards him, referring to Donald Trump. His hands would touch the sides of my breasts, not the front, but the sides of my breasts and my waist, and then slid down to my butt and just keep on running up and down my body while the two of them were carrying on a conversation. Let me show you this as well, how Fox was covering up for Donald Trump.


So, do you remember when Fox edited Donald Trump's answer when they asked him if he declassified the files on Jeffrey Epstein first? I'm gonna play you Trump's full response about what he said, where he said there's a lot of phony stuff in there. So he may not declassify a lot of that stuff, but then Fox News edited the response that aired to say, yeah, yeah, I would declassify it. Then they edited out the rest. So first, let me show you, Trump's full response. Play the clip. Would you declassify the nine 11 files? Yeah. Would you declassify JFK files? Yeah. Would You? I did. I did a lot of it.


Would you Declassify the Epstein files? Yeah. Yeah, I would. Alright. I guess I would. I think that less so because you know, you don't know it, you don't wanna affect people's lives if it's phony stuff in there. 'cause there's a lot of phony stuff with that whole world. But I think I would Then, you know, Midas touch reported how Fox edited the clip. Here's how Fox edited it. Let's play it. Would you declassify the nine 11 files? Yeah. Would you declassify JFK files? Yeah. Would You? I did. I did a lot of it. Would You declassify the Epstein files? Yeah. Yeah, I would. Attorney General. by the way, Donald Trump then sent a postcard after groping Stacy Williams to her that said, Stacey, you have a home away from home.


Love Donald. That's clearly in Donald Trump's handwriting right there. I told you that I would play for you the clip of Ghislaine Maxwell where Donald Trump wished her. Well, the sex trafficker for Epstein Trump said, I wished her well when asked about her here Play the clip, Just Lane Maxwell is in prison. And a lot of people want to know if she's going to turn in powerful people. And I know you've talked in the past about Prince Andrew and you criticized Bill Clinton's behavior. I'm wondering, do you feel that she's going to turn in powerful men? How do you see that working out? I don't know. I haven't really been following it too much. I just wish her, well. Frankly, I've met her numerous times over the years, especially since I, I lived in Palm Beach and I guess they lived in Palm Beach, but I wish her well, whatever it is.


I don't know the situation with Prince Andrew. Just don't know, not aware of it, Mr.


As a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically Delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite. Before and after Gym snack. Every serving of Magic Spoon cereal is 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carb. So you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons, brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way. To get 11 grams of protein on the go, and for the first time ever, magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have one every morning to start the day off on the rife foot, and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off magic spoon. Hold on to the dream magic spoon.com/midas.


One of the other facts that I think is important that we report on as well is that Epstein often found girls to traffic at Mar-a-Lago. So I'll just give you one example. Virginia Giuffre, who was homeless before working at Mar-a-Lago, she got a job working at Mar-a-Lago Ghislaine Maxwell would find Virginia Giuffre at Mar-a-Lago because she worked with Epstein. Epstein was neighbors with Trump. They hung out all the time, they were like best friends. Ghislaine Maxwell went there, brought Giuffre over to Epstein and had her do a massage. And then before you knew it, she was being trafficked by Epstein, but she was found at Mar-a-Lago.


So, you know, it, it sickens me when I see Donald Trump do things like this and I I don't know which parents are sending their girls to Donald Trump like this. But do you remember right around the Super Bowl Donald Trump had a bunch of girls from high school show up at his Florida golf course and dance in front of him while he does his like kind of gross dance that he does. Do you remember this? Didn't Get that much attention, but we cover it here, here, play this clip.


You know, how, how could you send your daughters to a location like that to, to have that happen? It's, it's absolutely, absolutely sickening. And, and then I, I'll, I'll show you this thing as well. Remember what one of Donald Trump's jobs were? How did he use his wealth, right? Did he in the 1990s spend his money trying to come up with new medications or build technology or just do something to benefit society? Just think about what he, with his wealth, right? He was born rich, he had all this money. So where, how does he spend his money? Little girls, that's how he spends his money.


I mean he spent his money doing beauty pageants for like preteens and teenagers. I mean, look at these girls. These are the girls from one of the events that he hosted. The look of the year competition. I mean these are girls, these are little girls that were in front of Donald Trump like this. Then he took photographs with them. You can see even how he's looking at the girls here with these contestants from 1990 one's Elite Look of the Year competition. And then he invited them on a yacht trip in New York. And this yacht trip is well documented. Like this stuff is in front of us, right? I mean the, it's why people don't talk about this and cover it up when it's staring us in the face.


I mean, it's one of the things that why we have to keep building the Midas Touch Network. So here was the story from The Guardian, which talks about this cruise from 1991. The yacht was called The Spirit of New York. And here's how it's described. A party was in flow in September, 1991 on this large private yacht cruising around Manhattan by the Statue of Liberty. Scores of teenage girls in evening dresses and miniskirts as young as 14 danced around. It could have been a high school prom were it not for the crowd of older men around them. The party aboard the spirit of New York was one of several events that Donald Trump then 45 attended with these 58 young girls who were also on this boat.


And it says, as the evening wore on, some of the men old enough to be the girls' grandfathers joined them on the dance floor pressing themselves against the girls. The hell, the hell is going on here. And then Donald Trump's on audio just saying that he would go in and on the beauty pageants and look at the girls naked that he would inspect their naked bodies. He's on audio saying it. He says, as the owner, I get to inspect them. He said, here, play this clip On this pageant. You go over, you look, you're meeting the girls as that one of 'em comes up to you and says, Mr. Trump, you're very sexy, man.


You're a beautiful man. You have fantastic hair. Well, You are a powerful man, right? Right. You're a powerful man, right? I wanna sleep with you. Now, you're not the type that would say no I. I don't wanna hurt their feelings, right? No, but I mean you see a beautiful woman. You want to, you want to have that you, you're a guy who likes to have everything, right? Well, couldn't that be construed, however, as conflict? Yes. I don't, I don't see it as a conflict. It could be a conflict of interest, but you know, it's the kind of thing you worry about later. Oh, I see. You tend to think about the conflict a little bit later on. The question is how could it not be construed? No I mean. I mean some of these foreign girls, you know, Mr. Trump, my country, we say hello with the vagina. Well, you could also say as the owner of the pageant, it's your obligation to do that.


So, So you have done that. Now tell me what, Well, I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show. Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else and you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspect, inspecting, I. Wanna make sure that everyth you is Good. You're like, doctor, You're there. Yeah, the dresses is everyone okay. You know, they standing there with nolu. Is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women, and so I sort of get away with things like that Sickening stuff and I I. Guess my, why am I showing this to you? Why am I making these connections? My hope is that if you have someone in your family who's just on the fence, who doesn't know, who's not paying attention to this election, I I, who can do their own research on these things, my hope is that by providing you with all of this evidence that they could do their own research and make their own judgements and assessments about him.


We know I've done other videos where he brags about calling sexually assaulting women locker room talk. We have his deposition videos where he says, unfortunately or fortunately, when you're rich, you can sexually assault women and get away with it. He was found liable for sexual assault. I mean we, we, we know all of these things, but I think by presenting you with some of this evidence, you know, my my hope is that we all reflect that moral character is very important in this election. That integrity and moral character is important. I hope you agree with that. I really do. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together.


Thank you for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.