
The Donald Trump mental breakdown will be televised. Donald Trump thought it was a good idea today to televise himself at something that he called a press conference, where it was basically him having a mental breakdown for 90 minutes in front of cameras. Interesting approach. This as the latest Marquette poll, which is one of the top pollsters historically in the nation. Came out with their latest poll that has Donald Trump down eight points to vice President, Kamala Harris and her Running mate. Governor Tim Walls.


Speaking of Governor Tim Walls, A Star is born. Governor Walls is winning the hearts and minds of Americans in blue states and red states and purple states with a message of love and joy and optimism and building a future together. It's hard to believe that announcement of Governor Walls was like two days ago from this live recording, it feels frankly like two years ago. But things are moving so rapidly that in single days, it feels like the amount of news that happens in a year can be packed into a 24 hour period.


Meanwhile Donald Trump's VP pick Shady Vans was caught stalking vice President, Kamala Harris and her airplane. So Shady Vance is taking the Trump airplane state to state wherever vice President Kamala Harris goes, his entire plan is he speaks in front of parking lots 'cause he can't draw any crowds at all. So there's like nobody there. And he follows her around like a stalker, like an abuser, like just a, a, just a creepy strategy. And then he said that he was going to try to inspect her airplane.


And then the campaign spokesperson for Donald Trump, Stephen Chung then talked about maybe you should see shady events, what the airplane smells like. Like maybe you need to sniff the airplane. This Trump campaign is in disarray. It's strange. We'll show you the receipt. Some weird stuff there. And also, despite Donald Trump trying to cause panic in the markets by repeatedly posting stock market crash over and over again, like a lunatic who wants to cause harm to us would do actually. It was a good day on the stock market. And other than the first day of the week, there's been good economic news that we'll discuss and shame on Donald Trump and shame on these MAGA Republicans for trying to cause us pain.


This is the Midas Touch podcast where for four years we've actually been talking about joy and optimism and bringing people together. So it is a joy that those messages have gone mainstream with incredible messengers like Governor Walls and vice President, Kamala Harris. Brett Jordy, how are you doing? Brothers? Doing great. I can't believe this is our first show. Officially our first brothers show together since Tim Walls was named the Running Mate for Kamala Harris. And oh my gosh, the momentum, we thought it couldn't get any higher than it was then. It just continues to increase exponentially.


I think Walls has been such a refreshing change for our politics out there, and it's just been so, such a, a joy to see. And I think using that word is apt considering that that has been the messaging now that the Kamala Harris campaign has been bringing to the campaign trail as they get on these historic rallies and these major swing states, sometimes multiple a day to these gigantic crowds of fired up people. And these aren't weirdo Trump rallies where everything looks depressed and they're playing Q Anon music. And Donald Trump is talking about how the world is all going to hell and how you are going to hell. These are rallies of optimism. These are rallies of the American spirit.


And I, you know, I think the Democrats now are really bringing back patriotism and not fae patriotism like Donald Trump and his lackies, but real American patriotism. How are we gonna make a more perfect union? And we're seeing now this message solidify. And we first had the message from Kamala Harris, which has resonated so well. The, we are not going back now. We have the message from Tim Walls, which is we are bringing back joy, we are bringing back freedom. And I think the, the combination of those two messages is incredibly powerful, especially when you contrast it with the utter weirdness of the Republican party and their inability to beat the weird allegations.


Like the more you call 'em weird, the weirder they get every day. It's just like a weird creepy, just disgusting. Like, what are you, what the heck are you doing? Like, you know, you don't have to be this weird, but I'm excited to get into it all. But first we gotta check in with Jordy. What's up brothers? What's up Midas? Mighty man. I, I'm just gonna echo your sentiments. I cannot believe it was only two days ago at the time of this recording that walls was chosen. I mean it feels like weeks and months ago, but in a really good way. And to your point exactly Brett, it really feels like the momentum has shifted in such a big way where people, they're no longer doom scrolling as the kids like to gay when they're on their social media platforms. They are hope scrolling because the momentum is in that favor, joy, hope, love.


These are things that will continue to win out over the absurdity that has become the weirdo Republican party that, so we talked about the new national poll from Marquette University. It's an a plus poll, large sample size in the three way race with Kamala Harris, Trump, and JFK Jr. Vice President RF Jr. Oh r Fkk. Well, I'm gonna be showing some of the Q Anon memes and up eight in that poll. You take a look at the Cook political report states that previously leaned Republican, Arizona and Nevada Georgia are now Tossups.


And we're seeing polls there favoring vice President, Kamala Harris. She's also taking leads in the other battleground states that she needs to win the election. Speaking of why I had JFK on my mind, Donald Trump was, I got ahead of myself there because Donald Trump spending the entire morning making Q anon posts and making horrific racist posts. So when I woke up, I, I said, is, is he, is this real? And then I saw that he posted like 50 times 5 0, 27 posts within one hour. And as I've said before, if somebody that you know posts 27 times in an hour about any topic at all, you would have to declare a serious doubt about that person's psychiatric state.


But then when you take a look at what Donald Trump's been posting, put it up right there, horrific racist memes, a vice President, Kamala Harris where her face is like darkened and is like two colors. And she's put, her head is superimposed on a Beatle and it says, are you buying our bullshit? You have Donald Trump with a meme of Governor Walls. Donald Trump, Mr. Bone spurs himself calling Governor Walls, stolen Valor, governor Walls, who served with distinction in our military for 24 years, Donald Trump who said his personal Vietnam was avoiding STDs.


Donald Trump who called our military vets suckers. And losers is posting a meme, stolen valor. Here, put put those back up right there. Then Donald Trump posting, put the full armor of God on next to the cross as he's posting these racist memes, Donald Trump, making this this weird AI image. We are living in a pro criminal atmosphere. It will end on November 5th. Yeah, you, you're the pro criminal atmosphere. Then he does the Q anon ones right here where we go, one, we go all take a look at the bottom right one as you're watching that, where we go one we go all is what Donald Trump is posting literally a death cult slogan that believes that JFK Jr is still alive.


That's what Donald Trump's been posting today. And that the storm is coming, which they believe is Donald Trump will hold public executions on Capitol Hill and kill Democrats. Donald Trump is posting their slogans, also weird photos of himself dressed as a cowboy in ai. You tell him I'm coming and the American people are coming with me. And you see behind that imagery is Q Anon imagery as well. When they say the storm is coming, that's the storm behind him, which is the imagery of him killing Democrats on Capitol Hill. Then you have racist images where he posts vice President Kamala Harris's photo next to a group of migrants, and then it says Fentanyl, HIV polio, MS 13 hepatitis.


And so, and he posts 27 others like that. So then he announces that he's, oh, by the way, his campaign spokesperson Steven Chung is posting all day Kala. He goes, Kala Kala, Kala Kala. Then he does a Venn diagram. Then a reporter asks him like, what does that mean? And he goes, Kala. And they go, but does it have meaning Kala Kala bla I just say this is their only campaign strategy. Right. now, like they don't have a camp. Donald Trump is not campaigning. They've pulled him entirely off the campaign trail for this impromptu press conference, if you wanna call it that. I'd call it a televised mental breakdown on live television. But their only strategy Right now appears to be calling Kamala Harris Kala and saying she's not black.


Like I, I I, I can't quite fathom this from a political standpoint whatsoever. And Donald Trump continues to just fall in the polls like steeply. And this is a little beside the point, but this venda, it's not a Venn diagrams work, comma and blah come up. That's not, that's not how Venn diagrams work. That's besides the point. But I'll let you get back there. Donald Trump. But look, it's weird though. Donald Trump, we just, it's weird, right? That he's not campaigning 90 days out, you know, of the election at this point. He's not campaigning and he is not campaigning alongside Vance. And that Vance is just not to get ahead of ourselves here, but following Kamala around like it, it's it's year. Donald Trump has one event scheduled all week long and it's in Montana, a state that he is all but guaranteed to win a very red state.


That's not what you do if you want to win an election. So it's very peculiar, but I mean it's still very peculiar that he's likely going to win that state. Like the fact that I have a great deal of confidence that vice President, Kamala Harris is going to win this election. But the mere fact that there are people living in states who see Donald Trump's main focus of the campaign is calling vice President, Kamala Harris Asian or Indian and not black. And his campaign spokesperson doing Venn diagrams on the left circle saying Kaa on the right one, saying blah. And then in the middle Kala and then saying, oh yeah, that's what I want.


Let's, let's get this is the team Again, they're not, they're competing the weird allegations, that's for sure. But the fact that that even exists anywhere, you know, and then, you know, like on Fox, after Donald Trump's unhinged press conference, you know, you had people like Jesse Waters go, that was perfect. That was a flawless press conference. So why don't I show you this first? Okay, let me show you Jesse Waters calling it a flawless press conference. Then I'll show you what in their world they believe is, is flawlessly done first? Jesse Waters on Fox. Let's play this clip. This was a flawless press conference. Okay. Was it flawless?


Let's test that theory, shall we? Donald Trump is asked how vice President Kamala Harris decided to turn black. And here's Donald Trump's response, play this clip. Mr. President Kamala Harris' father is Jamaican American and she went to a historically black college. How is she only recently deciding to be black? Well, well you'll have to ask her that question because she's the one that said it. I didn't say it. So you'll have to ask her and I very much appreciate that question, but you'll have to ask her. But I've known her for a long time. I actually contributed to her campaign a long time ago because I was a developer.


I contributed to lots of campaigns of Democrats, Republicans, and some were liberal and some were conservative. But you'll have to ask her about that. But to me it doesn't matter. But to her, from her standpoint, I think it's very disrespectful to both really. Whether it's Indian or black, I think it's very disrespectful to both. To me, it doesn't matter. He's saying because she is biracial, that it is disrespectful to both because she's bi I mean that alone should be disqualifying. But on Fox, on the propaganda network, they say that is flawless right there. Okay, well then Donald Trump was asked about his ear and the injury that he had.


And let's take a look at Donald Trump's very peculiar response there. Let's play the clip. Pretty, Pretty much recovered. Yeah, I'm a fast healer. It's a hell of a shot, but I'm a fast healer. Yeah, pretty much. Pretty much recovered. Do you have Any hearing damage From No, it didn't hit that. I got very lucky. It, it just, it just hit the, the lobe as they call it, a scar. Is there a scar on your Gear? Yeah, a little bit. Not much on Top. Alright. I think that speaks for itself, that response. Draw your own conclusions right there. One of the, I think the, the best questions that was asked, and our editor in chief at Midas Touch News, Ron Philip Kowski has been saying, this is the one question he wanted to hear, ask where Donald Trump was asked how he will be voting on Florida's abortion referendum, where Florida is one of these states that has taken away women's reproductive rights.


And there is on the ballot, Florida's abortion referendum. You know whether or not women's reproductive rights will be restored or not and what the situation is. So Trump is asked about it. Number one, Trump doesn't even, it's clear he has no clue what the referendum actually is, number one. And then number two, he says, the following about it, let's play this clip. How Are you planning to vote on Florida's abortion referendum? On what? How are you planning to vote on Florida's abortion referendum? Well, I'm gonna announce that. I'm gonna actually have a press conference on that at some point in the near future. So I don't want to tell you now, Just like the press conference about his infrastructure plan, just like the press conference on his healthcare plan, just like the press conference where he said he was going to explain the suspicious nature about how Melania came into the United States.


Remember that? That's like one of his go-to lines. I'm gonna hold the press conference very quickly. There are some obvious tricks and it's just, this shtick is so stale Right now, and as we've been actually saying for years, but finally others I think are picking it up a little bit. His moves are so basic and obvious. And so that's one of his moves because he realizes that corporate media often drops it when he goes, I'm gonna hold the press conference about it. They accept that, okay, every day we should be asking, Hey, Donald, when's that press conference gonna be? Where you're going to very strongly tell us what you're going to do on the abortion referendum? Tell us that as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski said, Trump is asked a simple question today.


Are you voting for the amendment to change Florida's six week abortion ban to 15 weeks? He refused to answer that. So my question to pro-life Republicans is this, why wouldn't Trump answer that question? I thought you said abortion is murder so well, what, what are, where are you gonna vote on that? And, and Trump, do you even know what the referendum actually calls for? I think he does not. Then Donald Trump spends the time talking about how his insurrection crowd was bigger than the crowds that MLK drew. He wants to let you all know that, that not a lot of people are talking about how the insurrection crowd bigger than MLK's crowd.


Let's play the clip Into the biggest crowds. Nobody spoke to. Crowds bigger than me. If you look at Martin Luther King, when he did his speech, his great speech, and you look at ours, same real estate, same everything, same number of people. If not, we had more. And they said he had a million people, but I had 25,000 people. But when you look at the exact same picture and everything's the same because it was the fountains, the whole thing, all the way back to from Lincoln to Washington. And you look at it and you look at the picture of his crowd, my proud, we actually had more people. They said, I had 25,000 and he had a million people.


Let me check in with Fox. Hey Jesse, waterers, how would you describe what we've watched so far? Let's, what? What? What do you think about it? This was a flawless press conference. Oh, I have different words. I mean F for failure, M for mental breakdown. I would not say that this was, this is the furthest from flawless. This was flaw filled. You couldn't fill more flaws into a single press conference than whatever it is that I am showing you all Right now. So then Trump says, look, I don't think I need black voters anymore. I don't think I need black women voters. You know why? 'cause the white men are strongly supporting me.


I've got my white men. He says here, play. Play this clip. A big part of the strategy for your campaign before Harris became the nominee was appealing to black voters that you were really going after in polls. We really see Harris gaining ground with that group. And I'm wondering how you are gonna go after black voters now that she's the nominee and and really winning them over. Well, it changes around a little bit. I'm getting other voters perhaps, you know, I was doing very well with black voters and I still am. I seem to be doing very well with black males. This is according to polls. You as you know, it's possible that it won't do as well with black women. But I do seem to be doing very well with other segments, extremely well with Hispanic, Jewish voters, way up, white males, way up.


White males have gone through the roof. White males way up. I mean the corporate media should be asking, why isn't he stepping down? Now, I don't want him to step down because I would like to see this meltdown continue every single day until he loses a ton of support. And vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Walls and the pro-democracy movement restores normalcy in this country. But you would think that after you watch a display like that, that is not someone who should be near the nuclear codes. Pull up his posts from this morning as well. You're gonna trust the nuclear codes with someone who's doing this I, mean petulant, weirdo third graders, no offense to petulant weirdo third graders, because this is some next level stuff right here.


But that, that's what it would be like giving. Think about the worst behaved third grader and being like, you know what? I'm gonna give you the nuclear arsenal. That's what the MAGA Republicans are doing. So then Trump's asked, Hey man, you know you're not doing campaign events like vice President, Kamala, Harris and Governor Walls. They're out in like every swing state, big crowds, but you're here. And Donald, Trump goes, stupid question here. Play, play, play this clip. Okay, Mr. President, Mr. President, you have not had a public campaign event for nearly a week. Now, tomorrow you'll be in Montana, which is not a swing state. Some of your allies have expressed concern that you're not taking this race seriously, particularly at a time what stupid questions, where there is enthusiasm on the other side.


Why haven't you been campaigning this week? Because I'm leading by a lot and because I'm letting their convention go through and I am complaining a lot. I'm doing tremendous amounts of taping here. We have commercials that are at a level I don't think that anybody's ever done before. Plus, in certain cases, I see many of you in the room where I'm speaking to you on phones, I'm speaking to radio, I'm speaking to television. Television's coming over here. Excuse me, what are we doing? Right now she's not doing any news conference. You know why she's not doing it? 'cause she can't do a news conference. She doesn't know how to do a news conference. She's not smart enough to do a news conference. And I'm sorry, we need smart people to lead this country because our country's never been in this danger before, both economically and from an outside, from an outside perspective.


Russia doesn't respect us anymore. China doesn't respect us anymore. North Korea, Kim Jong-un liked me a lot. He doesn't like this group. We, we are in great danger. We're great danger of being in World War iii. I'm gonna pick up, that could happen. No, after the convention, yeah, and I'm going out, actually, I'm going out to certain places to help certain senators get elected. Not even for me. I'm trying to help when I go out to Wyoming or when I go out to Montana or I'm going to different places to help people. And I don't have to go there because I'm leading those states. As you know, by 35, 40, 50 points, I'm leading by record numbers. I'm going because I want to help senators and congressmen get elected.


Congressmen and women get elected. Yes, please. The Democratic National Convention is in two weeks. By the way, that wasn't the weirdest thing that he said in that with filled with lies. Does he think the Democratic National Convention is going on? Does he think vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Wall's speeches is the Democratic National Convention Convention. This is someone who is cognitively impaired. This is someone who is deeply disturbed. This is someone who is dangerous. Now compare that to the photo that Governor Walls just took right there. Smiles, joy, hope, optimism. That's what I want to talk about here at the Midas touch org. I wanna share with you that contrast that we're gonna do that on this episode.


Wanna remind everybody about our patreon, patreon.com/midas Touch. We don't have outside investors here at the Midas Touch Network. So one of the ways for you to help build this independent media platform is signing up at patreon.com/midas Touch. We had one scheduling change. We were gonna do our Zoom meeting this weekend with our members, but we're gonna be moving that We had a scheduling conflict. We apologize for that. It's going to be Monday after the live show at 9:15 PM Eastern six 15 Pacific. I apologize for that in advance, but we're moving it to Monday, nine 15 Pacific Eastern six 15 Pacific.


We'll be right back after our first quick break of the show.


AI might be the most important computer technology ever. It's storming every industry and literally billions of dollars are being invested. So buckle up folks. The problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power naturally. So how do you compete without the cost spiraling out of control? Good question is time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle. So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If you wanna do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OCI at Oracle dot com slash midas. Go to Oracle dot com slash mei ds, that's Oracle com slash midas. Go to Oracle dot com slash midas and tell 'em the Midas Touch Brothers say hello.


Support for today's episode comes from Hexclad Revolutionize Your cooking Experience with Hexclad cookware, where innovation meets culinary excellence. Hexclad Cookware is designed to simplify your time in the kitchen while adding a touch of elegance to every meal. Hexclad has changed the cookware industry with an all-in-one hybrid pan that gives you the convenience and cleanup of non-stick. The versatility of your grandma's cast iron and the durability to last the lifetime. Seriously, Hexclad Cookware has a lifetime warranty. Even the great Gordon Ramsey known to many as a bit of a critic only trusts Hexclad pots and pans in both his home and all of his Michelin star restaurants. If it's good enough for Gordon, we think that you'll be satisfied too. And for a limited time, Hexclad is giving our listeners 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just go to Hexclad dot com slash midas, support our show and check them out at HEX cl ad.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. I've been using Hexclad in my kitchen and let me tell you, it's an absolute game changer compared to my old pots and pans. Hexclad is on a whole different level. They look fantastic, performing incredibly well, and cleanup is a breeze. The six piece set is the perfect starter bundle featuring three of their most popular pans with accompanying lids. Whether I'm searing steaks or making delicious sauces, Hexclad delivers exceptional performance on any stove top. My kitchen will never be the same. No more sticking, burning, or uneven cooking. Hexclad patented laser etched hexagonal steel ridges. Boost your searing power and truly check every box. They're metal, utensil safe, dishwasher safe, and oven safe up to 500 degrees, they're induction ready and even have a stay cool handle. So you could saute with ease, hex cloud's, elegant design and durable construction. Make it the perfect choice for entertaining all summer long. Impress your guests with beautifully prepared dishes that look as good as they taste for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just head to Hexclad dot com slash midas, support our show and check them out. Once again, that's H-E-X-C-A d.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, Bon appetit. Let's eat with Hexclad revolutionary cookware. Elevate your cooking game to new heights with Hexclad. Let's go.


Wonderful. Add reads. Brothers. Look, everybody knows the drill. The links are in the description of the YouTube and the audio. Shout out Oracle, definitely click that link, check that out. Shout out Hexclad. They're amazing. And if it's trusted by Gordon Ramsey, like you said, Brett I mean you love it. I know, that's for sure. I think they, I think they should change the copy to, if it's trusted by Brett myself. I agree. I made agree. I mean quite the penile vodka in my Hexclad the other night, and I got, I gotta say, it's up there with the best. Heck yeah, best of the best. So a friend of mine who doesn't watch politics at all and frankly hates politics and doesn't follow any of this, I got a random text from that friend and he goes to me, Hey Ben, you know what's funny?


So much of campaigning is so effing dark and ominous and angry and scary. It's why I don't follow politics. However, I've been watching this Governor Wall's guy and vice President Kamala Harris. Look, if they can legitimately inject some of the joy he was talking about, I wonder if people just like me will be recognizing how powerful that can be. I've never seen anything like this before. Ben, the normal people in America don't want to be dreading shit constantly. A lot of people like me who are in the middle are going to vote for genuine optimism that really stuck with me, that message.


So I asked if I can share it, and he said, yeah, I can. But there is this importance of, one, we have to be realistic, right? We have to recognize the threats to our democracy. We have to be strategic about solving problems. But so much of what Maga and Trump and Fox and corporate media have done was try to steal, in some cases they've been successful, take away our joy and make us feel fear and, and cause divisions and be sad all the time. You know, for the last four years here at the Midas Touch Network, we've been messaging happiness and joy and normalcy, frankly, because we never really liked the politics of personality.


What we liked were values and principles most fundamentally focused on normalcy and positivity and optimism while recognizing the threats that were posed. So it is incredible to see that message being taken mainstream and people focusing on the normalcy and the joy and what can we accomplish together versus what culture war can divide us against each other so that billionaires and deca millionaires can exploit us in these times of division. Let me show you what democracy looks like. These are the chance in a packed crowd in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, with a crowd of fired up, positive, energetic people there to see vice President, Kamala, Harris and her running mate.


Governor Walls. Let's play the clip. Democracy Looks like democracy looks like. Show me what democracy looks like. Democracy looks like. Show me what democracy looks like. Democracy looks like. Show me what democracy looks like it what democracy looks like. That's right. I find my days doing this coverage, feeling layers and levels of disgust when I have to do Donald Trump's events and covering those and watching that. And so then I report on the Harris Walls events, and I go from the disgust of the Trump events to like joy and tears of happiness as I watch that.


And so my emotions on a daily basis go like, oh, I'm happy. I'm ha I'm so happy I'm crying, dude, I'm so distressed at this. I'm crying for the opposite. So it's, it's a balance. Every day I'm right there with you. I mean, I've been watching these events and honestly, I, I've been getting the chills watching these events. It really has brought back a feeling in me about politics, which is probably, you know, one of the rea things that interested me in politics, even before we started Midas Touch, like just on a general personal level, not on any sort of professional level, but I remember being in college and the rise of Barack Obama and the messaging of hope and how that resonated and how everybody felt united at a cause of we're moving into the future.


And then on the other hand, I remember that feeling when Donald Trump won the election, that feeling of doom and gloom, which has really persisted for so long, Right now. And what Kamala Harris and Tim Walls have done is they have brought back that hope and dare I say, they have brought back that Obama level of optimism and also that level of enthusiasm that we have not seen in so long. I think at this point, what a lot of people on the pro-democracy side of things are seeing in Donald Trump is weakness. One of the, for the, one of the first times we've been saying he's weak, but Kamala Harris and Tim Malls has exposed him as a weakling. And I think now the pro-democracy community sees that now it's time to pounce and end this MAGA movement once and for all.


And I know in this show, we have shown for so long now the vibe of the Trump events, not only what Donald Trump is saying himself, but the people at the events, the things they are saying, their hopes and dreams, which are often just extremely negative. They're about tearing others down. They're about pulling our country apart. They're about division. They're wearing crazy, weird outfits. It's just like a, honestly, kinda like a freak show at a lot of these events. You look at these Kamala Harris events, you see normal people, you see diversity, you see happiness, you see optimism, you see people who want to move the country forward. And on that note, they also want to let everybody live and be their best selves.


Like, it, it, it's, it's become a thing where, you know, right? Wingers used to say, oh, we're conservative, we don't want government in our lives. But they've become in, in many ways, they always were, but more than ever, they become a party that has completely in every single aspect of your lives. And that's what the Democrats have been able to now fight against. They've been able to fight against, as Tim Wal was saying at this rally, mind your damn business. Let people live. Let people do what they want to do. Let me play this clip of Tim Walls from the rally and then Jordy, I wanna toss it to you to get your thoughts. Now look, we're pretty neighborly with Wisconsin. We get our friendly battles, but in Minnesota, just like in Wisconsin, we respect our neighbors and the personal choices they make.


Even if, even if we wouldn't make the same choices for ourselves, because we know there's a golden rule. Mind your own damn business, mind your own damn business. I don't need you telling me about our healthcare. I don't need you telling us who we love and I sure the hell don't need you telling us what books we're gonna read. Pitch, pitch perfect messaging, Jordy, what, what's your thoughts on Walls? Well pitch Perfect. Can I just say this? I just love that line. Mind your own damn business. I know The Midas Mighty loved that line too. And I think we, we cooked up something a little special based on that line, didn't we? Oh, there we go. The new Mind Your own Damn Business I mean that is, I love that because it's reclaiming the flag.


It's an just an amazing line by walls. It, it's awesome. Love that shirt. It's store dot midas touch.com. Get that Right now before they sell out. These are going fast. So definitely check it out. And then Brett, at a larger picture here and Ben, you know, watching Walls speak it. He's like the Mr. Rogers of the Midwest. That's, that's my thing for him. He's the Mr. Rogers of the Midwest Tim Walls. He's got that it factor. You know, just, just look at like the fundraising numbers, $36 million to the Harris campaign in the 24 hours after Walls was announced. That's crazy. And look, in a world of phonies and pretenders, IE JD Vance Tim Walls is like a breath of fresh air for people.


The Harris Walls ticket is strong and it's only gonna keep getting stronger. The more that people get to see these two together campaigning, which is quite literally the opposite of JD Vance and Donald Trump, where the more people see and hear from those weirdos, the less they're liked. I feel the momentum. I know you guys feel the momentum. The Midas mighty feels the momentum. This is really exciting. Here's the thing about Tim Walls, and this is something that I think Josh Shapiro nailed so well, especially when he was speaking and, and Josh Shapiro's been, you know, absolutely incredible. Oh, right when he spoke at the rally, one of the things that he's called JD Vance out on is that this guy doesn't even know who he's, this guy's a fake.


And Tim Walls honestly is the guy who JD Vance like pretends to be. He's the guy who Trump pretends to be fighting for. But Tim Walls is actually those things. And so those attacks when you're, when you're a fraud, really fall flat when you have a guy who goes ice fishing and is a hunter and is at the state fair and is doing great things for the people. Like he, he truly is everything that they pretend to be all the time. And the policies that he has passed as well are things that are like universally beloved, like universal free meals for kids in school. Like you're going to hate on that I mean you've seen the pictures of the kids after they got that sign into loss, stronger labor protections, a hundred percent clean energy by 2040 reproducing reproductive rights, a billion dollars for housing, auto voter registration.


He banned book bans in his state. He's against the book bans. He expanded the child tax credit. Like these are all things that people like. And also Minnesota has a, has a incredible business climate. It's one of the top business states in the country. So he really brings together a lot of ideas that are like universally beloved across the country. Look, he was the top gun at the Congressional trap shoot. So he's able to say, you are gonna lecture me on guns. He goes, I love the Second Amendment. I'm the top gun at the trap suit. But we need to have common sense gun reform. I could love my guns, but that doesn't mean that I'm going to put that above the lives of children.


I'm still gonna support common sense gun reform. I'm not going to engage in this weird fetishization, cosplay, WWE weird oldness regarding AR fifteens and weapons of war. I can enjoy my guns, but also care about the people and understand you need universal background checks as well as other common sense gun reform to protect our people and not be worried that when we send our kids to school, they're gonna end up in a school shooting. Here's Governor Walls talking about being the top gun at the trap shoot during the speech play this clip. And just like Wisconsin over in Minnesota, we believe in the Second Amendment, but we also believe in common sense gun violence laws.


And just so you know, when I was in Congress, I was the top gun at the trap shoot, three years in array. I can outshoot 'em too. I can outshoot these guys. You know what I love about these speeches too is when you hear the crowd chanting you as say you as say, when we talk about who the real patriots are, as these mangas try to steal that word, Patriots, as we talk about the flag and the constitution and de values and ideals that they represent these symbols that were taken and stolen by MAGA to divide, to reclaim those symbols.


It's one of the reasons when I watch these speeches, I get so emotional because it is so important to reclaim those things, to reclaim the symbols of our democracy. Let me share this moment with you. When vice President Kamala Harris was up there and the crowd started chanting Lock Donald Trump up, let me just show you how she responded. I think one of the moments that really stood out to me from her speech, let's play this clip. I know Donald Trump's type. I know it's tight. In fact, I've been dealing with people like him my whole career.


For example, as Attorney General of California. Well hold on the, you know what? The courts are gonna handle that part of it. What we're gonna do is beat 'em in November. By the way, the line to get into these events stretches like 1.5 miles away. These are real big crowd sizes where they don't exaggerate the numbers. Unlike Donald Trump who claims there was 107,000 and a bajillion people here and Donald Trump who brags that there were and lies about it and says that more people were at the insurrection watching him what? Stir them up to destroy the our democracy than then we're there for MLK.


And by the way, the state of MLK said, just get his name out of your mouth. Like what are, what are you doing? But to see these crowds and the energy and the positivity being spread, I mean it truly is a dream come true for our democracy to see this and talk about these values and ideals. I wanna talk more about that. I wanna remind everybody about our Patreon patreon.com/midas touch. We don't have outside investors, so one of the ways you can help us build this prodemocracy platform is patreon.com/midas touch also store dot midas touch.com. The store at Midas Touch is setting records.


We've been, we've been selling out stuff, so make sure you check it out. A hundred percent Union made, 100% made in the USA. Our newest gear was just released today. You heard Jordy talk about it before. The Kamala gear is crushing it. The childless cat lady shirts, check it out, store dot midas touch.com, and of course our newest edition, the Mind Your Own Damn Business shirts featuring the Governor Walls quote. We'll be right back after our last quick break of the show.


So here's a pretty cool and positive story I want to share. So I got my Uncle MD hearing aids, and I saw him recently over the past weekend, and he told me how much better his hearing has been. This podcast is sponsored by MD hearing. MD hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearing's Neo model costs over 90% less than clinical hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear so no one will even know what's there. Plus MD hearing just launched the neo excess MD hearing's, smallest hearing aid ever MD hearing recently cut their price in half. That means you can get high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297 A pair MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many of his patients needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. He made it his mission to develop a quality hearing aid that anyone could afford. I have been raving to everyone about MD hearing aids for a while now. MD hearing is just as good as premium quality hearing aids $297 for a pair of hearing aids. This good is crazy. I can't believe I was overpaying so much for hearing aids and I can't believe how much my Uncle loves MD hearing aids Edward s calls MD hearing quote, the best hearing aid I have used at any price. It's like exactly what my uncle said. MD hearing has sold over 1.5 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk free trial with a 100% money back. So you can buy with confidence, get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to get their new $297 when you buy a PAIR offer. Plus they are adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value. Just for our listeners of the show, that's shop md hearing.com. Use our promo code Midas and get their new $297 when you buy a PAIR offer.


Pretty good.


Hey everyone. I wanna share something that's really made a difference for me when it comes to enjoying a night out with friends. It's called ZBiotics Pre-Cool. Pre-Cool is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on hitting the gym, enjoying a brunch, or just getting some important work done Without worry, I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical of ZBiotics at first, but then while hanging out with my friends at our favorite bar downtown, I decided to give it a try. And let me tell you, it really works. The first time I tried pre-cool was during a friend's wedding weekend. I had my first drink of the night, a delicious old fashioned by the way. Right after taking ZBiotics the next morning, I was up early, feeling great and ready to join the rest of the wedding party for breakfast and activities. It was a total game changer with vacations, weddings, birthdays, and reunions. There's so much going on this summer. Get the most outta your plans by stocking up on pre-Cool. Now go to ZBiotics dot com slash midas to get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, pre-cool is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Zbiotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


Let's go again. Links are in the description of both the YouTube and the Audio MD hearing aids are just absolutely incredible. You guys may be surprised, maybe not surprised how many emails I get about Midas mighty folks who actually love the MD hearing aids and have hit me up about it. So definitely check that out. They're incredible. Like Ben said, our Uncle Fri loves them. And then Zbiotics, you know, just double down on the network. So let's show them some love. They really are a fantastic product and I'll definitely be drinking some ZBiotics in a few weeks when I head to this conference that I'm going to brothers I need for the advertising. Gonna be interesting. Make sure I love vice President Kamala Harris Harrison, Wisconsin and Michigan this week. Here she is in Wisconsin and Eau Claire talking about how, look, what are we even talking about?


Donald? Trump saying he wants to terminate the Constitution. Someone who's saying that shouldn't it be behind the seal of the presidency? Sounds like a basic concept. The crowd agrees. Play the clip. Think about the fact that last month the United States Supreme Court basically told the former president who has been convicted of fraud, that going forward he will be immune no matter what he does in the White House. Think about what that means and the change circumstances since 16 6 20. When you think about what that court decision means, Donald Trump has openly vowed, if reelected, he will be a dictator on day one, that he would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies.


That he would round up peaceful protestors and throw them out of our country. And even quote, terminate the United States Constitution. So let us be clear, let us be clear. Someone who suggests we should terminate the Constitution of the United States should never again have a chance to stand behind the seal of the President of the United States. She's just so incredible. I mean watching those speeches. I could watch that 50 times and I still get chills each and every time I watch that feeling that history is being made before our very eyes.


Let's go to Michigan where vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Walls spoke as well before a packed crowd. And we show the crowd first because this is just, it's, it's stunning. Kamala Harris coming in on Air Force two with Tim Walls I mean that is one way to make an entrance. That crowd was loud talking about who was loud and proud. Sean Fa, president of the United Auto Workers just spitting facts.


Let's play this clip. Every time Donald Trump gets a chance, he trashes our union and he trashes the working class. He comes to Michigan, he talks about he's gonna bring back the auto industry. Lemme tell you something, Donald Trump doesn't know shit about the auto industry. It's so good. Then you have Governor Walls. This was the line that sticks with me the most about joy and these mangas and Trump trying to take away Howard Joy here play this clip. This is what we know. All the things that wake me mad about those other guys and all the things they do wrong.


The one thing that I will not forgive them for is they're try to steal the joy from this country. They try and steal the joy. But you know what? You know what our next president brings the joy? She emanates the joy. So contrast that though with Shady Vans. We talked about this at the top of the show. His whole plan is they have no campaign schedule. He just follows vice President Kamala Harris around from state to state. He speaks in like a small parking lot. There's no crowds for shady vans. And then when he's on the tarmac with vice President, Kamala Harris, like an abuser, like a stalker, he is a stalker.


He goes and tries to get on her airplane. He wants to inspect it while the campaign manager or the campaign spokesperson rather, Steven Chung for the Trump campaign tells him to go on the plane and smell it to see if the plane smells bad. That's what Trump's campaign spokesperson saying to Trump's VP pick to go on the plane and see if it smells. The smell alone on that plane must be crazy. And then Shady Vans tries to go on the, on the plane to smell it. I mean, this is, by the way, the second, the second Kamala Harris, the SUV showed up with Secret Service. You know what Shady Vans did, or JV Vans did as Kamala Harris called him Junior varsity the other day.


He ran away. He literally ran away from the scene the second those SUVs arrived. Here's the thing too, it's not like it was a coincidence that they were at the same place at the same time because Vance has been stalking her. He is been going to the locations right after where, where Ka was visiting. And so that's kind of the point now. But but I'm just saying like, like it makes, so I get it, but it makes it so much weirder that he's that's the whole story. Correct. However, it makes it that much weirder if you could just emphasize that point and not make fun of me like the way you two are trying to make fun of me Right now that he knew that she was gonna be at that airfield at that same time, and it was just such a weird, weird thing to do.


Look, I I totally agree with Jordy. Let me show you from the pre, I agree with you. But from the press conference that Shady Vance gave, shady Vance has given the most layup of a question, was no one in attendance at this event. They just say basically what makes you happy? That was the question. Like what makes you smile? What makes you happy? Now the the easiest answer is my family, my kids, my, my love of the country, the my couch. You know what whatev what what whatever it I mean, it is the softball of all softballs. But Shady Vance is such an awkward weirdo who doesn't even know who he himself is, that he can't handle the most basic question of what makes you happy, what makes you happy?


Here, play the clip a Little bit different here. People criticizes me a little too serious. Who angry sometimes. What makes you smile? What makes you happy? Well, I I smile at a lot of things including bogus questions from the media. Man. I mean, look, I think if you watch, if you watch a full speech that I give, I actually, I'm having a good time out here and I'm enjoying this. But look, sometimes you gotta take the good with the bad and Right. now I am angry Because he's playing a part the thing and he's not good at playing the part. This is e cosplay fascism. Look, JD Vance is somebody who grew up and said he was gay.


And then he said that his grandma told him, you can't be gay. So then he became anti-gay. And so then he said, okay, what's my new personality? Then he was anti-Trump hillbilly, and he wrote a book, hillbilly Elegy, where he trashes Appalachia, where he's not even from. And he uses all of the stereotypes about people who live in Appalachia and he just mocks them and pretends that he was in Appalachia, which he wasn't. He was, he grew up in these suburbs by Cincinnati. And then after he made his money being the Antit Trumper Fake hillbilly and Netflix made a movie about it.


Okay, he got that. Then he became the Trumper, the ultra Maga. And so now he's playing this part. So he's changed his identity. So when he's like, vice President Kamala Harris is a chameleon because she's biracial. What do you mean? What does it even ref mean? You are actually the chameleon. Your name's not even JD Vance, the guy's had multiple names. He's changed his identity four times. He's changed his name three times and he's just playing a part. So when he gets asked the question about what makes you happy, he doesn't even know what makes him JD because he's not even jd.


So when you see the contrast there, as I've always said, as we've always said, this is beyond politics. This is about basic humanity. And the American people can see authenticity and vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Walls and they can see whatever the heck that was. But Brett, let's talk about, and let's drill down a little bit on the economy. Let's drill down a little bit about Governor Wall's policies that I think are important. I think it's important I mean one of the things that I think young people are fired up about is dealing with climate change. Yeah. And people actually having a plan for the future and not whatever Donald Trump and JV Vance are, are pushing about windmills, giving you cancer by the sound and whales wash, what all just the crazy stuff that, that they're pushing.


And so, you know, when Tim Walls was named the, the running mate for Kamala Harris, you know, I I I certainly had to do research on the guy. It's not like I know everybody and their history and their background. So one of the first things I did, because as people listening to the show know climate's become a big focus on the show and we wanna try to be bringing more climate news because I think with all the kind of Trump stories and all the election back and forth, we don't get to hear enough about climate stories. And it's kind of one of the most important things because it's about the survival of the world, no big deal. So I think it's important that we focus on climate a little bit. So I wanted to figure out, you know, aside from all the other stuff that we've heard about Tim Walz, what's Tim Mall's record on the climate?


And so I found a New York Times article about Tim Waltz's climate record and I wanted to go over some of the information that I read in there so that all of our listeners know about this a little bit because it's, it's important stuff. So it said that over the course of his two terms in office, governor Waltz quietly emerged one of the nation's most forceful advocates for tackling climate change. Back in St. Paul Waltz has been increasingly focused on the threats posed by climate change to a state enacting ambitious loss to slash the use of fossil fuels that are dangerously heating the planet. Most notably in 2023, he signed a law requiring Minnesota to get all of its electricity from wind, solar, and other carbon free sources by 2040, eliminating the climate, warming, warming pollution generated by coal and gas fired power plants.


That law came in the midst of a legislative session in which Minnesota Democrats working with Watts pushed through nearly 40 other climate initiatives, including tax rebates for electric vehicles, expanded access to EV charging stations. In June, he signed a law to streamline the permitting of renewable energy projects. Under that law, Minnesota would transition to clean energy sources even faster than Californian. That obviously says a lot 'cause California has long been the vanguard of state climate action. The Minnesota law is also more ambitious than even the law that President Biden tried to pass in the 2022. Climate law and climate activists are actually seeing the model that waltz put out as a model for the entire country. And so you could imagine if wa get its gets into the White House the same way Vice President Harris had a major imprint on legislation like the Inflation Reduction Act, you know that Tim could have a major impact on climate legislation in the future and help continue to bring America into the future.


And if Harris and Walls win New York Times says that he would be the most substantive, he would've the most substantive record on climate of any incoming president or vice president since Al Gore. And even though Gore obviously is a major climate advocate and had been before he became vice president, that never quite translated into the action like it has with Tim Walls. And one of the ways that Tim Walls, I, you know, I think is able to pass all, all these policies and, and do all this stuff, is his messaging is really good. He knows how to speak to voters in the heartland of the country. He knows how to appeal to rural voters and how to message this correctly because these are good things for people.


These are good things for people. And there has been so much messaging that has been pushed by big oil and fossil fuel companies and Republicans and everybody else to try to dissuade people from moving into the future. And so this is a, a quote from Tim Walls that I thought was good to read as well. While we're talking about his record, he said climate change is an existential threat that impacts all Minnesotans and our ability to thrive. Communities, farms, and industry face more frequent extreme weather events that threat in the infrastructure we rely on to connect all parts of our state by increasing risks from vector-borne diseases and extreme weather, especially for vulnerable populations and individuals with preexisting conditions. Climate change threatens Minnesotan's health and wellbeing.


So there you have Governor Tim Wall's stance on climate, you know, a an incredibly future forward policy on, on climate that I think people are craving in the country. And Ben, like you said, especially Gen Z voters in this country who view climate as one of their top issues. And rightfully so. It's, it's their future. And, and, and you want the world to kind of exist in the future and, and for everything to be good. In other news, economic news as Ben, you alluded to earlier in the episode, the mags, all these Republicans, all these right wing influencers, Donald Trump. There was a day earlier in the week when we did our last episode on Monday where the stock market went down for one day. And guess what? The stock market goes down, the stock market goes up, the stock market goes down, the stock market goes up.


But over the past few years, the stock market has went substantially up to the point where people's 4 0 1 Ks are probably more than double where they were now, at least from when President Biden took office. I mean Donald Trump completely crashed the economy. And you see Donald Trump and you see all of his various acolytes on social media and in the halls of Congress trying to do whatever they can to destroy the economy and try to tank the stock market. I just want you to think about that for a second. That they want to do harm to the stock market. They wanna do harm to your retirement to help their own futures. But guess what? It turned out, all their plans went to crap because just a couple days later, guess what? The stock market keeps increasing and increasing and increasing.


There's been more positive economic news that the markets are rallying on. Weekly initial jobless claims fell more than forecast. It was a very reassuring update to everybody who was spreading all this. Maybe not the people who were spreading the panic, but maybe the people who they made panic. A reassuring update on the health of the US labor market. The US government data showed they were 233 K initial jobless claims in the last week. That was down from the previous week, and it was fewer than what economists had expected. The Dow increased today alone, 673 points on the news. The s and p 500 increased 113.9 points on the news now 434 and the s and p 500 today had its best day since 2022.


Oh, also, mortgage rates fell to their lowest level in, in more than a year. So that's pretty good for the standard 30 risk, 30 year fixed rate mortgage. So I know a lot of people, potential home buyers are gonna be feeling relief in, in that aspect. And that's why it's always, let's look at the bigger picture, right? We need people who are focused on the long term growth of the country, what's actually best for people and not people who are trying to burn it all down and time after time, the contrast has never been clearer. Right. now you see Donald, Trump and maga, their only strategy is spread doom, spread fear, try to make you upset, try to make you feel helpless. And for too long, I think people were feeling very helpless.


And I get it. I I, I completely understand. But since Kamala Harris has taken over in the Democratic nomination and since Tim Waltz came, there's a new wave of optimism. There's a new wave of hope, and that hope is honestly what we need to defeat this doom and gloom for maga. And we see that that hope actually now is starting to match the reality that things have been good, things have been quite good. President Biden has been a good president who has gotten things done. And the interesting thing now is also you're seeing President Biden's approval rating start to spike now that people are acknowledging his accomplishments and now that people are happy with Kamala Harris being the nominee going forward. And so, yeah, I think, you know, we got good times ahead, but I I I, I wanna say this also about, we see all these good polls, right?


And I know there are a lot of people who are also like, you know, let's, let's ignore 'em. Let's act like, you know, I I, I don't wanna even think about them. I think it's okay to be happy about positive movement. Like I think we deserve it. I, I think we deserve to feel joy, okay? So, so don't, don't feel like you need to like be upset all the time and, and ignore this stuff because it's, it's good. Now, that doesn't mean you get complacent, but you could feel the joy and you could use that hopeful energy to continue to mobilize people. Get out there and vote. Make sure you're registered to vote. Make sure your friends and family are registered to vote and make sure that people are seeing all of this, because as we've seen, the more people see the contrast of these two campaigns, the more they choose democracy.


And so much of that is gonna rely on you.


Look Brett, in the past 48 hours, the Midas Touch YouTube channel, once again hitting about 26 million views, more people watching the Midas Touch Network than corporate media. More people watching the Midas Touch Network on YouTube and digital than Fox, than CNN and Ms. NBC. And we are almost at 3 million subscribers. We're adding about 15,000 new subscribers every single day, thanks to you. So one of the best ways you can help the growth of the Midas Touch Network is just tell one person in your life, if you wanna do 5, 10, 15, 20, a hundred, we can be ambitious about it. But all you gotta do is just tell one person, make them a subscriber. That goes a long way to grow this pro-democracy movement. It's free to subscribe to our YouTube channel. Now, you may get our YouTube channel sent to you through the YouTube algorithm, but you may not be subscribed. So you click the subscribe button, it's free to do that, and then it'll guarantee that the Midas Touch YouTube channel is always showing up on your homepage. Also, make sure you subscribe to the Midas Touch Audio podcast wherever you get your audio podcast. Just search Midas Touch and make sure you hit subscribe there as well.


I wanna give a shout out to our partner channels as well. That's one of the ways the Midas Touch Network expands the Adam Mackler, which is our Gen Z Channel. Good work. Adam Mackler, Tennessee Brando, he's crushing it as well. We've got Keith Edwards, a new channel that's been added at the Michael Cohen show. The Michael Cohen YouTube channel is there. The Talking Feds YouTube channel is growing. The true crime MTN channel is growing. If you wanna listen to some True crime stuff, true crime, MTN Coalition of the saying. So a bunch of great pro-democracy channels, all partner with the Midas Touch Network


store dot midas touch.com. Get that pro democracy merch, wear it proud, wear it loud. A hundred percent Union made. 100% made in the USA Checkout store. Dot midas touch.com. Get the newest pro democracy gear.


Thank you everybody for watching Jordy. We'll hand it off to you. Shout out to the Midas.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch against all enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty, let's use our power. Well.