
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets, terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by FedEx. FedEx knows running a small business is hard enough without the hassle of shipping. That's why there's FedEx one rate with FedEx one rate, you can ship your holiday packages cheaper than the post office for as low as 1450. For small boxes, visit fedex.com/one rate for details exclusion. Supply valid through January 19th, 2025. FedEx one rate two day retail shipping, one flat rate.


Although I am by history a conservative, but I do believe that the values that Trump is currently representing are not mine. That right there was on Fox, and that's the trend we're seeing across the entire country. Former Trump voters, people who are still Republican, former two time Trump voters saying they can't vote for this guy. He's weird. He led an insurrection. He's a felon. He's been found liable for sexually assaulting a woman. He brags about sexually assaulting women. He's dresses up and garbage outfits and attacks the Puerto Rican community.


He's just a disaster. So we've been sharing the stories of these former Trump voters and Republicans who are voting for Vice President Kamala Harris. It's a mass exodus. We've been talking about a what now together for three and a half years. And I think this is the biggest story of the election, but we've been saying it for three and a half years. People are throwing away their MAGA flags and they're moving towards normalcy. Let's just share some of the stories right here, like this Republican Wisconsin voter and voters who were featured recently on CNN here play this clip was A direct threading against our democracy, trying to overthrow a legal election that that was it for me To win.


The Harris Coalition depends upon people like Bruce need raised in a Republican family whose front yard makes his disdain for the former president, clear and Tiffany Kaler, a Republican who's casting a rare vote for the Democratic presidential candidate. We used to be the party of women to government. We used to be the party of fiscal responsibility. I know there's a lot of Republicans voting for the vice president 'cause we really wanna close this chapter in history. This is Forrest. He's a Republican and former Trump voter from Virginia who can never vote for him again here. Play. the clip Voting for the Harris Walls ticket doesn't make me a Democrat. It makes me an American.


It makes me somebody that is voting for my country. My name's Forrest. I live in the state of Virginia and I'm a former Trump voter that will be voting for Harris. I'm a retired US Army veteran with some of the things that Trump said about the military and veterans. It's reached the point now after January 6th in current, some of the comments he said about anything in the country being more valuable than the male of honor because you don't have to get wounded or or, or shot or or killed, that kind of stuff. It shouldn't need to be said. You have to be responsible for your words. I I feel that Donald Trump is not anybody who says today that they're not voting for the man, they're voting for the policy. He was not able to execute his policy besides his tax cuts in the first term, but his second term will be much of the same.


Voting for the Harris Walls ticket doesn't make me a Democrat. It makes me an American. It makes me somebody that is voting for my country Here. Amanda Stewart Spross is an Arizona, says the following. Trump has a big problem in Arizona every day out in the East Valley suburbs. I'm talking to Republicans who are 100% done with Trump and Lake just got out of a class at Lifetime and the ladies were all chatting lifetimes at Jim and the common thread was, we're Republican and he's crazy. It needs to stop. The craziness just needs to stop, go away.


Chris Zeller also said, that's exactly what the, the family is met with yesterday, said, verbatim, we are Republicans and he's crazy and needs to stop. Amanda goes, exactly, frankly, with a week to go more are feeling emboldened to say they aren't voting for this guy anymore. They aren't voting for Trump. It wasn't that way four weeks ago. I think the high Arizona early Republican vote may not be some huge success that Trump thinks it is, that these people are voting against him. DL Scott goes, I'm from Arizona. None of my Republican family and friends are voting for Trump. All are voting for Democrats for the first time. Chelsea hem Streett goes, could we actually be on the verge of closing this chapter in American history and moving forward?


This is my dream every night. And McCain, Republicans haven't forgotten what Donald Trump and Kerry Lake have been saying about them all this time. Let's take a look at some more of these stories. This is John. He's a former Trump voter from Wisconsin. Play the clip. He just has no respect for the office that he holds, and I cannot vote for him ever again. My name is John. I live in Watertown, Wisconsin. I've been a Republican all my life and I voted for Trump in 2016, and that was the mistake of my life. I realized very quickly that he has no respect for the position that he hold. And as a veteran of Navy, I took an oath to obey and defend the Constitution, which he doesn't seem to think is worth anything.


He treats women terrible. He treats people terrible. He just has no respect for the office that he holds, and I cannot vote for him ever again. Here's Zach, a former Trump voter, and here's why. He's no longer voting for Donald Trump. He's from North Carolina. Let's play It. They now are so passionately standing behind demand who has broken the law it seems without remorse, with no sense of stopping. I'm Zach. I'm from North Carolina. I'm a former Trump voter, and in 2024, I will not be voting for him. I absolutely blame Trump for the violence. On January 6th, he stood on the eclipse and gave his rally knowing, I mean, we know now that he knew those people were armed and that they had violent intent.


And then when they went there saying, I'm gonna go with you, knowing he would not, this is the bone Spurs guy. After all, he was not going to go with them, but would send them on his behalf. And then he sat and watched on Fox News. I mean, you cannot tell me the man who stays up until midnight tweeting about anything he sees was not actively tuned in. It's just funny that for a party that has so very often tied themselves and identified themselves with law and order, and with our law enforcement agencies, that they now are so passionately standing behind demand, who has already faced convictions and will most likely face more convictions for much more serious matters and has broken the law, it seems, without remorse, with no sense of stopping in 2024 in November, I will absolutely be supporting Kamala Harris and Tim Walls.


I mean, they have the vision not only to defeat Trump, which is the most important thing every time I get asked, it's always number one, protecting our democracy. We have to restore integrity to our institutions. No, and again, as I'm sharing these stories with you, I mean, just think Donald Trump posted this. Elizabeth Lynn Cheney is guilty of treason ret truth. If you want televised military tribunals. I mean, he's reposting that. I mean, Liz Cheney's a conservative. Liz Cheney's a lifelong Republican who just says, look, I support democracy. Trump is talking about military tribunals. Then in Arizona, he's talking about putting a rifle in her face with nine barrels shooting at her. Just remember, this is what he said, let's play it talk.


Let's put her with a rifle standing there with nine barrels shooting at her. Okay, let's see how she feels about it. You know, when the guns are trained in her face,


You know, if there's anything I've learned in my career, it's that if someone is given an opportunity, their hard work can pay off. But as with anything in business, some companies do things the right way and some well don't. That's why I'm excited to partner with a brand that is doing things the right way and is living up to the true American spirit. And they're called American Giant. While many companies send jobs overseas, American Giant is pushing back. They make high quality clothing and active wear right here in the USA. I'm talking about everything from sweatshirts and jeans to jackets and dresses. It's all made with care right here at home. I've been wearing American Giant for a bit now, and the quality is unbeatable. The fabric feels amazing, and the durability, well, I'm still wearing the same sweatshirt I got months ago, and it's just getting softer with time. They really do obsess over every detail and you could tell that it's made to last. And my favorite part, it's more than just clothes. It's about supporting local communities and American workers. Now, if you're looking for something incredibly comfortable and durable, check out their French Terry collection from joggers to sweatshirts. It's perfect for that cozy yet put together. Look, I personally love their classic full zip hoodie. It's the piece that put them on the map with custom, heavyweight fleece, and side panels for mobility. This hoodie is built to last. I reach for it whether I'm out for a casual day or just lounging at home. When you buy American Giant, you're not just getting high quality clothes, you're creating jobs in towns that rely on them. And right now, you could get 20% off your first order at American Giant dot com when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's 20% off your first order at American Giant with code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, support local jobs, get yourself some incredible clothes and feel great about what you're wearing. Thanks to American Giant for sponsoring this show.


So I should mention that the stories that I'm sharing with you come from Republican voters against Trump. They're great organization and you should support 'em. They also did this billboard campaign right here, the Republican voters against Trump, also known as Republican accountability pac. There's stories like this. Lori from Michigan, I've shared some of these other stories with you earlier in the week. I'm a former Trump voter. I love the Constitution. I'm voting for Harris. I'm a former Trump voter. I'm a patriot. My name is Mike from Pennsylvania. I'm voting for Harris. I'm a former Trump voter. I'm a Republican. I won't vote for Trump. Robert from Pennsylvania, Steve from Wisconsin. I'm a former Trump voter. I'm a conservative. I won't vote for Donald Trump.


This is powerful stuff right here. Here are some profound words at a University of Michigan PBS forum for HA voters against Donald Trump. Here is a member of the HAE voters for Vice President Kam Laris. Actually, it's called HA Voters for Harris. They're against Trump, but they're for Harris. This is Brett Stevens, conservative New York Times columnist, you know, conservative writer. I mean as cons, as conservative as you get worked for the Wall Street Journal, I think the Jerusalem Post, very conservative guy. Here's what he has to say about why he's supporting Vice President Kamala Harris and why Donald Trump is not actually conservative here.


Play the clip. This actually goes to something, the gentleman who, whose club I could belong to. Nikki Haley, voters for Kamala. I, what I worry about in this election is that, is this is every society there is going to be a conservative movement. E even in in Maos China, there was a conservative faction, you name it. And there's an important question about whether that is going to be a healthy, conservative movement that believes ultimately in the liberal order, liberal in the broadest sense, or one that fundamentally rejects it, whose conservatism is really a form of blood and soil illiberalism.


And you know what made up my mind in this election was my profound fear that we are moving in a direction in which we no longer have a conservative party in this country that still believes in the basic tenets of a liberal constitutional order. And that frightens me. And when you marry that to a, a weirdly charismatic leader, and B, a media apparatus that is set up to support him and deify him, no matter what he says, you are in a zone of trouble. And that's, that's what concerns me these days.


I wanna share this with you too. This is former Staten Island representative Susan Mullin. She says her husband and her former representative, bill Paxton, Republican members of Congress, both Republican members of Congress, why they're supporting Vice President Kamala Harris. She gives an incredible speech here. She's like, look, as a conservative woman, how could I vote for this guy Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris represents me here, play this clip. So I married to another former member of Congress, bill Paxton, who during his term during 1990 to 2000, was always considered the most conservative member of Congress. Okay? You don't all have to agree with that part, but he has never voted for a Democrat in his entire life until this election.


Not only did he vote for Kamala Harris, he became a member of the Republicans for Harris. So that's how serious some of us in the Republican party are taking this challenge. As a Republican female, I was very proud when Ronald Reagan appointed the first female to the Supreme Court. I was proud when he started the daycare centers for federal workers. I was proud when George HW Bush started the Women's Health Initiative, which guaranteed that women would be a part of pharmaceutical trials. What we see now is not representative of the prior leaders of the Republican Party. So let's just talk for a few seconds because we have to. I have to. It's our therapy session right here.


Let's talk about Trump's position on women. Here's what we know Trump's abortion ban will have. Our daughters have less rights than their mothers. Despite what he says in certain areas. He, he brags about appointing the Supreme Court justices who overturned Roe v. Wade. He takes this so seriously, joke that he calls himself the father of IVF on what planet. But that's how seriously he takes those concerns that keep families and women up at night. He's a father of a, he's of course guilty of sexual assault. He denies every woman's charge against him, though they're tallying up day by day.


He talks about women that are dumb, stupid communist. And then he says right here that Mark Robinson is MLK on steroids. Really? The man who said, women only need abortions because they can't keep their skirts down. Come on people. These are no friends of women and the men that love them. Here's Michael, a former Trump voter from Pennsylvania. Let's play this clip. I think he is dangerous to the world. I believe Donald Trump is dangerous to NATO and all our allies across the pond. I'm Michael. I live in Pennsylvania and I voted for Donald Trump in 2016.


I believe Donald Trump is a complete narcissist. He prevents legislation to further his own campaign. He claims to be intelligent, yet speaks like a sixth grader. Total disdain for the military says he loves the military, but yet makes very bad comments about the military. The last thing is just how he treats women horribly. Donald Trump only talks about retribution. Anybody within either party that says anything negative to 'em, they're either an idiot, they're stupid and makes no intelligent comments, just keeps going after people. I think he is dangerous to the world. I believe Donald Trump is dangerous to NATO and all our allies across the pond. I believe Paris brings new energy to the Democratic ticket.


I liked her choice for vice president, the governor from Minnesota. I believe she's intelligent. She will do well for the country. Do I believe in everything she says? No, but I don't believe any politician a hundred percent. But I think she's smart, intelligent will reach across the aisle to get things done as president And then look like. Just take a look at Donald Trump over the past day, dressed up like a garbage man. I mean, look like that's, that's not a president. That's someone who should be in an insane asylum. Here's Don Jr. Dressed up as like garbage. There's the story from The Daily Beast about Donald Trump hanging out with Epstein, which we knew about before we told all these stories.


Epstein tr found women from Mar-a-Lago, to traffic like Virginia Giuffre. We know these stories, but the new one was, it's alleged from Michael Wolf, the author. He says that there are, he's his, it's what he says. Trump denies it. But he says that Epstein showed off photos of Donald Trump with topless young girls sitting in his lap. And also there was an audio recording of Jeffrey Epstein. Like, who, who, who wants any of this stuff right here? Let me show you this. This is Governor Tim Wall, vice President Kamala Harris's running mate. And here he talks about, we've got Independences and Republicans coming over to this campaign, play this clip. Donald Trump Too. Just the guy is nearly 80 years old at some point.


And he says he went to the Wharton School. At some point in time, somebody should have taught him how tariffs work because he has made it clear that he doesn't think, he says, China will pay these tariffs. And your answer is, oh, just like Mexico paid for the wall, same thing. No. What happens when you slap a tariff on us? The, the CEOs of Black and Decker Columbia and other co companies have told us, if you slap on this tariff, it will add 20% to the cost, which is about $4,000 for every middle class family. That's what Donald Trump's talking about. Everything you buy now, look, you've seen it out there. We've got independents and Republicans coming over to this campaign. People, people who are adhering to the old Republican party's values that added to this country.


Yes, that's not Donald Trump. No. When the old, when they talk about freedom, we know. We know what we mean when we talk about freedom. When they talk about freedom, he means government should be free to be in your exam room, to be in your bedroom, to be as Genevieve said in her library, telling us what we should read. That goes back to the golden rule. Some. You heard me talk about mind your own damn business, and we will be better off. We'll be better off. We don't need that. And here's Governor Walls again, talking about how Donald Trump keeps giving interviews, saying he's not weird. If you have to explain it, you're probably very weird. You'll play this clip.


Donald Donald did an interview a while back. It was like a 30 minute interview, and in that 30 minute interview 11 times, he volunteered and told the person why he wasn't weird. My observation in life is if you're explaining to people why you're not weird, you very well could be. Well, look, it's, it's weird to be concerned with other people's bedrooms. It's weird to try and tell other people how their healthcare should be done. It's weird to try and make a case about they know what's best for you to read, watch, or whatever. When Kamala and I talk about freedom, we mean you should be free to make those decisions, not politicians.


That's it. Well, there you have. But folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to four million subscribers together. Thank you so much for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.