
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50, 15, 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try At mit mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extras beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


We're in a restaurant and you learn pretty quick. The sound of a crisp fry starts way before the first bite as delivery and to go keeps business booming. Order for pickup McCain. Sure, crisps, fries, keep orders crispy a delivery after the trip, the crispiness comes through. Hmm, McCain. Sure. Crisp fries. Go the distance. See how far our fries can take your business at sherris.com/delivery


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Folks, you cannot make this up. Some Donald Trump voters are already regretting their votes and it has not even been a week. Now they're finding themselves in panic mode as they begin to realize how disastrous Trump's policies will be for them. Businesses are already taking drastic measures to try to counteract Donald Trump's promise. Tariffs, slashing jobs in the United States. And this is just the beginning folks, so buckle up and don't say we didn't warn you. My name is Brett Marcelis here with the Midas Touch Network. Be sure to hit subscribe and help us get to 3.5 million subscribers. Let me show you this. From the Google trends, they track what people are searching and you could see that during the election, the night of the election, what was one of the top searches?


Change my vote or how can I change my vote? You could see the spike right here on this trend graph, which spiked that day. And if you look at the actual specific states, the interest by subregion for this search, you see that there are some states that are pretty important in the election. You see a number one, Oklahoma, number two, Utah. But then you see number three, Wisconsin. Number four, Pennsylvania, number five, North Carolina. Now that is instant regret that we are seeing and those weren't the only types of searches that people were making the night of the election. Here's another one are tariffs Bad was a popular search term. You could again see it spike right around the time of the election and on election day and election night.


And you could look at the popular sub regions too, where this post was made. You could see number one, West Virginia, number two, Minnesota. Number three, Michigan, number four, Iowa. And number five, Pennsylvania. You know, I don't think people quite realized maybe because the corporate media wasn't covering this often. I don't know exactly what it was. Maybe they were just so distracted by Donald Trump's antics, but a lot of these voters did not realize how damaging Donald Trump's tariffs would be to them. They thought that it was a tax on China and not on themselves and that it wouldn't lead to higher prices for themselves. And Walter Masterson, who's an incredible comedian, who's here on YouTube, make sure you follow him.


Make sure that you're subscribed. He's great TikTok account too. Make sure you follow him everywhere. He did this amazing piece where he interviewed a small business owner and a Trump supporter about tariffs. And the guy at first clearly did not understand what tariffs were and how they would affect his business, but as Walter explains it to him, you could see his reaction change throughout the video. You could see this guy the instant regret just in his face. By the end of this video. Watch this, I'm voting for the man who's gonna take America back, baby Donald J. Trump, Man. What's one of your biggest issues? Probably gonna be inflation because I sell T-shirts and all that stuff. Your T-shirts are made in the USA. No, my blanks, no. See, that's the thing Trump's talking about.


If we tax them hit tariffs, the same item they're making over there will cost the same to make over here. We pay the tariffs, But the companies pay the tariffs, not us. China doesn't pay the tariffs we do when they come in. No, it doesn't work like that. Like If I'm buying a thousand shirts from China and there's a tariff on it, I'm paying the tariff. Well, no. Whoever's getting it imported in is gonna pay the tariffs. Yeah, yeah. I'm the business owner. I'm paying the tariff. China doesn't pay it. I pay for it. Like if I'm the business owner and I buy a thousand shirts, I see what you're saying. I am I, China's not jolly, so I'm trying to explain. But who Pays the tariff? They're paying the tariff.


Do you think that you believe that? I was trying to say, 'cause I sell merchs. Well, I sell you something for $10, right? You're gonna sell it to him for $20. Exactly. But then I make you pay me $15 for it. Are you still gonna sell it down for 20? Am I gonna sell it to him for 20? If I raise The price $5, Oh, it's gonna have to go up, right? Yeah. The consumer foots the bill. I mean, just brutal. I mean, more people knew about that. If more of his supporters actually knew about that, how these policies are going to affect them personally, I'm not quite sure they would've voted in the same way. Here's what Mark Cuban has to say about the current situation due to Donald Trump's election. Mark Cuban writes, right now every company that imports from China is taking all the cash they can muster and buying up as much as they can and stuffing it in a warehouse.


In anticipation of the tariffs creating accelerated demand for imports, that money would have been used for expansion, raises, bonuses, and other operational elements. Because cash is relatively expensive and it costs money to store inventory, those companies will increase prices as if they had paid the expected higher tariffs. On the flip side, companies that export are expecting retaliatory tariffs. So they are calling their Chinese buyers and begging them to do what American companies are doing, buying up all they can. Sounds good. More sales now, except they have to accelerate buying up all the components in the bill of materials, which may be at a constant price today. But if other companies need those components, the price goes up when those retaliatory tariffs hit.


The companies have to pray that the companies in China they sell to can afford their products. Or far worse, possibly the Chinese government tells them if they can, to stop buying from the USA altogether. This is all happening right now. And then Mark Cuban says, if anyone has examples of this, I would love to see them in the replies. And I'll also extend that to you over here. I would love to hear if you have any examples of this as well. To that point, here is a post that we have seen that is outlining this exact issue. This individual writes, results have already started. This is from an American woman Today, my husband works for a small manufacturing company and here in southwestern Pennsylvania, that means most employees are Trump voters.


When the president of the company sat them down today to tell them their annual Christmas bonus would not come this year because they now need to purchase at least a year's worth of products prior to January 21st due to the proposed tariffs, they did not understand. My husband said that their president had to explain what a tariff is and how it will directly hurt their company. They all thought the foreign company paid the tariff. This is the level of ignorance voting against their own interests here in Pennsylvania where we failed American women and children the night of the election. Here's another story posted by John Cooper. Cooper writes my MAGA neighbor five minutes ago quote. I just read that tariffs are going to raise prices for stuff.


I don't get it. I thought China was going to pay them. End quote. I explained how tariffs work. I wish you could see the look on the guy's face when it's sunk in. So much ignorance out there. And I wanna make it clear right now, the current state of the US economy maybe bookmarked this. Screenshot this because You know that MAGA is going to try to take credit for Joe Biden's economy before Donald. Trump destroys it. As this person lays out maga. As of today, inflation is at 2.1%, unemployment is at 4%. GDP is 3%. Manufacturing is booming and only getting better. The economic boom you're about to credit to Trump was brought to you by Joe Biden and when it crashes, that will 100% be on Trump.


I'd like to speak with you for a quick moment about climate and make clear that this issue will always remain a top priority for us. Here at Midas. Touch and activists across the country are already working hard to ensure that we not only protect, but build on the climate success of the Biden Harris administration. After the election, Lori Loades, who is the executive director of Climate Power, spoke at a press conference in Washington DC alongside major climate action groups laying out the stakes of the 2024 election for the American people. Lori emphasized that thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act, over 330,000 new jobs are now being created across the us. Energy costs are falling and cleaner energy is rapidly becoming more accessible.


She drew a powerful parallel to her time defending the Affordable Care Act, noting how when threatened people realized what they would lose. Lori warns that if Republicans dismantle the Inflation Reduction Act, it's not about some sort of abstract law. It's about gutting good paying jobs, slashing tax credits that ease energy bills and derailing community progress, particularly in local economies. And when that actually hits home with communities like it did with the Affordable Care Act, the pressure can become far too great on the anti-climate forces in the GOP and their efforts can completely collapse. Heck, even Speaker Johnson and Key Republicans are divided on this very issue with some of their ranks standing up for those clean energy investments.


But Lori says, just as people united to defend healthcare communities, workers and leaders across the country will stand strong to protect clean energy jobs and progress refusing to let this hard one momentum slip away. So Midas mighty, let's stay strong. Let's protect these jobs. Let's protect the future of our country and our planet. Now let's get back to the video. Here's another woman online that is sounding the alarm that Trump's threat in tariffs are already causing her small business to pay more. And I want you to keep in mind this is not a Trump supporter, but she is explaining how these tariffs are already affecting her own business and therefore how they're affecting businesses already throughout the country.


Watch this. So it's already started. I import products from overseas, products that are made of materials that are not produced here in the us. They haven't been produced in the US for, I don't know, 50, 60 years. So no matter how much I wanted to pay, I could not get these materials here in the US. And all of my manufacturers have sent me emails letting me know that because Trump was elected and he has threatened tariffs, all of the pricing will go up in January in anticipation of these tariffs. So the goods that I buy will cost me more money, not the other country.


And then I will have to raise prices that I sell them at to make that up. So it's already started. And for people who didn't realize what a tariff was, you're about to find out, okay? Because it's going to affect everything that you buy because there's not a product on the shelf that doesn't have some element of it that comes from another country. So good Luck. And now we are starting to see large corporations also announce that they're going to have to implement a massive job cuts and slash their sales forecast for various reasons. One of them being due to incoming raises in prices due to Donald Trump's tariffs we see here from Fortune Nissan announces 9,000 job cuts and slashes sales forecasts as it faces severe situation.


And this is due to Nissan's plummeting sales and also the fact that they are expecting higher and higher prices in the coming year due to these tariffs. They say the following, when asked about Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election, the CEO of Nissan said that the company was quote, hearing various things like tariffs. But it's not just us. Quote, we'll be lobbying in the direction of our medium to long-term plans should remain, but we will conduct our business while monitoring the situation carefully. Here's a report in the Detroit News about Stellantis Stellantis cutting 400 jobs at Detroit Parts warehouse. Stellantis NV plans to cut about 400 union workers at an East Detroit warehousing facility early next year.


The indefinite layoffs will affect all United Auto workers represented employees at the Freud Street Parts sequencing facility, which is near the company's Detroit assembly complex. Jefferson Plant Stellantis set its transitioning operations to a third party quote as Stellantis navigates a transitional year. The focus is on realigning the US operations to ensure a strong start to 2025 set a statement on the layoff sent by their spokesperson. Here's an article from CNN outlining the threat of Donald Trump's tariffs. It would've been nice if they did this before the election, but here's what they have to say right now. CNN writes, you will pay for Donald Trump's tariffs. Here is the proof they say the following. But if you don't want to heed the many, many economists warnings about former president Trump's fringe economic plans, take it from the people running the companies that make the stuff you buy, prices will go up How much and how fast is hard to know.


But you could bet your bottom dollar that you'll be needing more dollars to pay for everyday goods if Trump's sweeping tariffs are put in place. Quote, if we get tariffs, we'll pass those tariffs costs back to the consumer said the CEO of AutoZone. AutoZone won't need to wait until the policies are enacted and the CEO noted once they know what the markup will be, quote, we generally raise prices ahead of that. And I wanna share this as well. We've seen a lot of gamers getting the back of Donald Trump, especially these Gen Z gamers supporting Donald Trump. Well, we're now learning that the price of game consoles is about to spike because of Donald Trump's tariffs as well. Here are just some of the headlines going around the various tech publications.


Here's one. Trump Tariffs will make video game consoles up to 40% more expensive. Here's another console. Prices could skyrocket by 40% due to Donald Trump's victory. Tariffs can make a PS five a a PlayStation five Pro cost up to a thousand US dollars experts say, here's another headline. Trump's proposed tariffs could hit gaming hard study fines. Well, I guess it was all worth it. MAGA enjoy paying those higher costs while Elon Musk's net worth skyrockets to $313 billion this week as estimated by Bloomberg after Donald Trump's election. And as Yashar Ali notes, when Musk reaches $401 billion, which is inevitable, he'll become the richest man in history who is not a monarch or head of state.


Even when past fortunes are adjusted for inflation, his net worth will be around 1.4% of the GDP of the United States. Additionally, his network will fully exceed that of his birth country, South Africa. But sure he's looking out for your best interest. maga, okay, this is a Nigerian American who supported Donald. Trump had his back the whole way during the election and following the election, he was in one of these MAGA chat rooms, these live chats with his fellow MAGA supporters. And a fellow Trump supporter told him that because he is black, he will never actually be accepted in the movement. Watch this MAGA family. I was on TikTok live and a fellow Trump supporter said that all he needed was my vote.


I'll never be part of the MAGA family and that I'm black, I'll never be accepted, but he just got my vote. Nah, that's crazy. Like I love machination, I love the MAGA family. and that breaks my heart that someone would speak to me like that right after the election, that all I was was a vote. Nah, I love all you guys and I know most of you MAGA family members are not racist. And I love you guys and I'll keep repping Magination Trump 2024. But that really broke my heart that some guy would say that extremely heartbroken. And now I wanna share with you this story written in the statesmen statesmen.com. They say the following quote, an undocumented immigrant from Guatemala says, the odds of Trump improving the economy is worth the potentially higher risk of deportation.


Quote, Trump wants to deport people who do bad things. I have not broken any laws. I hate to say it, but have you been listening to this guy at all? Well, maybe I should show you at least what he's saying right now and what his supporters are saying right now. What the people who are going to implement these policies and result in your deportation are saying right now. Here's Senator Elect. Jim Banks dismissing concerns of the business community about deporting as many as 15 million people in the United States saying, quote, a mandate is a mandate. Watch this. Who Will say we need? We need these people. They're workers that really fuel our businesses.


And then aside from business, just even taking agriculture as an example, I wanna read a quote from Michael Marsh, president and CEO of the National Council of Agriculture employees. He says, from an employer standpoint, you're very concerned when you hear somebody talk about deporting a significant amount of the existing workforce. What do you say to him? And others who really do rely, even hospitality who rely on these undocumented migrants? A a mandate is a mandate. And the President winning the popular vote on Tuesday is a strong signal that this is what the American people, the public expects us to do. And I, it only Republicans who can completely misread the moment, who don't understand what the mandate means.


And I don't think there are very, very many of them left in Congress. Well, don't say we didn't warn you, Maga, you broke it, you bought it. Trump and Republicans are about to control every lever of the government. So I don't want to hear any excuses as this all continues and they start to feel the fallout of their choices. But in the meantime, here's what we're going to do. We are going to hold Trump accountable. We are gonna expose him every single day. And that's only possible things to you. So leave your comments And. let me know what you think. Make sure you subscribe to this channel and thank you so much for watching. I'll see you soon. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.