
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


Even the far right wing politicians in the UK are contacting Elon Musk, who's Donald Trump's liaison and saying all the things that you're doing right now, all of your social media posts, you saying things like free Tommy Robinson, who is a far right wing, extremist, hateful person who even the right wing reform party in the UK distances themselves from. They're saying, Elon Donald, stop. You're actually hurting us. We know you're trying to prop us up, but by doing this, it is backfiring. So let's talk about what's been happening here. So Elon Musk has been sending a barrage of social media posts trying to meddle with UK politics, and many believe he's about to give a massive amounts of money to the right wing UK reform party.


In these 60 posts, he attacks the Labor Party, prime Minister care Starmer. He defends an anti-Islam convicted individual by the name of Tommy Robinson. He accuses a finance minister or a minister in the UK of engaging in like aiding and abetting pedophile gangs. I mean horrific conduct where people in the UK are like Musk Musk is not a popular figure there and they're like, stop it. This is actually harming us. So let's break it down. Let's talk about who Tommy Robinson is. Let's talk about what Elon Musk is doing.


So among the 60 posts that Musk has made are posts like this free Tommy Robinson, free Tommy. Why is Tommy Robinson a solitary confinement prison for telling the truth he should be freed and those who covered up the travesty should take his place in that cell. And then he releases Robinson's hateful and false documentary and I, I'm gonna go over who Robinson is, just so you understand what a awful human being this is, that even the far right wing in UK want to distance themselves from this guy who's been found in contempt of court. Elon Musk shares it and says, worth watching, right? So it's obvious in my opinion that Elon Musk's whole purpose, I don't think this is even controversial of purchasing Twitter and making it x, was because he wants to meddle in all of the far right wing politics and push them to create this instability across the globe here in the United States, MAGA in the, in Canada, the Conservative party there, Pierre Olivier in Germany, I mean this is a much far right wing in Germany, the A FD.


You see him giving statements in support of the A FD there in the uk, the Reform Party. This is happening across the globe. Elon Musk, a big supporter in Argentina, Javier Malay, and we see this kind of unity of far right wing movements taking place. So this was the post that he made in Germany, only a FD can save Germany and UK is doing the same thing. Only the reform party he says can save the uk. So this is what he said about a minister in the uk. Jess Phillips is a rape genocide apologist, and he's responding to this account, Lord Talbot, that says, meet Jess Phillips.


She is the safeguarding minister. She has refused an inquiry into Muslim grooming gangs. Can someone tell her she's supposed to be safeguarding children, not the gangs? And this account goes, Elon Musk is out of control and a danger to British society. How long before some deranged lunatic acts on this kind of incitement? K Stormer must take a stand against him. This is from Bloomberg, how UK Right wing warns Trump ally warns Musk and others that your posts are going too far and it's harming us. And for example, Nigel Farage is out there saying, alright dude, I think you have a mis, he saying it in a British way.


I think you have a misunderstanding about who Tommy Robinson is. So here's what the article on Bloomberg says. Several prominent Brexit supporting politicians with links to Trump spent this past week warning their Republican counterparts against following Musk's endorsement of Robinson saying it was a step too far. According to people familiar with views of both the conservative and reform UK parties who requested anonymity, discussing behind the scenes communication, they declined to publicly named the British politicians involved. Musk who was set to play a key role in the Trump administration began 2025 with a volley of posts on his social media platform X stating that Robinson, whose real name is Steven Yaxley Lennon should be freed from jail where he is serving a sentence.


After pleading guilty to contempt of court last year, the purpose of the conversation was to provide additional information to Senior Republicans about why Robinson an anti-immigration activist. I hate when they call people like that. Activists just call 'em an anti-immigration fear Monger who has a string or criminal, who has a string of criminal convictions, was not supported by more mainstream British right wingers, including the Torries and Reform UK leader, Nigel Farage. The people said the conservatives and reforms declined to comment. Farage, a personal friend of Trump whose own political career has been built on an anti-immigration stance, has sought to portray himself as the acceptable face of the British right repeatedly distancing himself from Robinson.


In 2018, he quit his former party, the UK IP, saying it had an obsession with supporting Robinson who he condemned as entirely unsuitable for party politics. Robinson is currently in prison after admitting breaching a court order by repeating false claims about a Syrian refugee. He has previously been convicted of a range of other offenses from mortgage fraud to assault and traveling to the US on another person's passport. Farage, who Musk has also repeatedly endorsed would not benefit from being linked to Robinson. The British politicians told their US counterparts. According to people familiar, the reform leader in July finally secured a seat in the UK House of Commons at the eighth attempt and has promised to mount a credible challenge at the next vote due by mid 2029 in order to break up the historical stranglehold that labor and the conservatives hold on the UK parties of power.


The outreach by British politicians to their US counterparts was triggered by the latest foray by Musk into British politics. Since Prime Minister Ki Starr won the UK general election last July, the close Trump advisor has regularly criticized the new labor government called for a new election and urged Britain's to back to reform. This week, Musk sent a string of posts about a child sex abuse scandal in British towns in which many of those convicted were a Pakistani origins, including stating that a labor minister who I mentioned earlier in this video, should be jailed over the government's handling of the issue. You see that he said much more than that. However, the talks between the British right wingers and the Republican context shows Musk's posting is not just becoming a headache for Starer, it's harming the right wing people who Elon and I guess Trump are trying to prop up from the independent in the uk they write Keir Starmer must hold his nerve.


It won't be long until Musk slips. Donald Trump's first Buddy Musk has reignited his on off fe with the UK government accusing the prime minister of, of having failed to tackle a historical grooming case, demanding that Jess Phillips be jailed, that a new general election be called, fortunately says John Rital, most British people will resent this unwanted interference. And so this is an important thing to point out as well. Reform Party UK exposed post this, Elon Musk has now registered a company in the UK called XAI London, LTD.


They ask, is this the newly registered company that Musk is going to use to send money to Reform UK through? So let's show you this video right here. This is of Reform party member Nigel Farage saying that, I just don't think you understand who Tommy Robinson really is here play this clip of Farage. He's very supportive of me, he's very supportive of the party. He sees Robinson as one of these people that fought against the grooming gangs. But of course the truth is Tommy Robinson is in prison, not for that, but for contempt of court for the third occasion. So, so, but I mean, equally, there are people in Britain who think that Robinson is a political prisoner.


That's the narrative that he's pushed out. That's how he earns his living. But it isn't quite true. Would you accept Robinson as a member of your party? No. You, you keep over the association with him last Time. No, no, no. Look, you know, Robinson has been to prison many, many times for many, many things. Mortgage fraud, passport problems, you name it. He's got his own campaign. We are a political party aiming to win the next general election. He's not what we need. Here's a clip of Richard Teis whose reform party may be about to be funded by Musk condemning interference in British politics by foreign billionaires. Play this clip. Yeah, But we all live in this country.


We pay taxes here. So we've every right to be involved in democracy here. This is a foreign billionaire who is trying to destabilize and overthrow one of the greatest democratic democracies and governments in the world just to suit his own ends. As he has done elsewhere in the world, he has no right to interfere. Here's Tim Montgomery, who has defected to the Reform UK from the Tories. The Conservative Party says he thinks Elon Musk is gonna donate 20 million to the party. Now he said that back on December 18th or so, 2024. And that kind of predates Elon Musk giving some of the posts that I just shared with you that Musk has made in the new year.


Here, let me show you this. But the a hundred million dollars was for America, you know, country five times as big as us. I wouldn't be too surprised though if he gave the order of $20 million, which is unprecedented in in, in British politics, and I think it probably will happen. And why I think it'll probably happen is Elon Musk clearly got the bug of politics he's enjoyed and he's committed to what he's done in America and he's, he made a difference. And so I think he has an ideological affinity with reform, which is part of what motivates him.


So I recently found out that only 12% of Americans are metabolically healthy. Why is this alarming? Well, the single biggest predictors of how long you live and how good you feel while living is your metabolic health, there are lots of factors contributing to the metabolic health crisis, but the good news is that all of them are within our control. That's why I'm using levels to better understand my own metabolic health and what I can be doing to improve in the short term. I use levels to optimize my energy levels during the day and manage weight in the long term. I'm thinking about the many chronic diseases that are directly linked to metabolic health, including diabetes, heart disease, and Alzheimer's. Unlike calorie trackers, levels is a health improvement app that uses AI powered food logging and habit tracking, like exercise, sleep, and nutrition to give you actionable insights for meaningful change. With continuous glucose monitoring and lab tests available, it offers a more comprehensive view to help you hit your health goals and stay accountable. There's so much information about health out there these days and levels helps you figure out what will be most impactful for you to focus on to improve your health and reach your personal goals. I personally learned that I was eating foods that were not supporting my health levels, helped me optimize my meals, focusing on the foods I respond to best. For example, I learned that my morning oat oatmeal was not ideal and was actually causing me to feel lower energy after eating in the mornings level, helped me learn by adding protein and fiber to that meal, I was able to make it much more balanced. Levels is the best place to go to get a comprehensive view of your health, hit your goals and stay accountable. Right now, levels is offering our listeners and additional two free months of the Levels annual membership. When you use our link levels, do link slash Midas. That's levels link slash MEI Ds. I don't know how long this offer will last. So if you've been interested in learning more about your metabolic health, now is the time to get started.


So here's what we know. Tommy Robinson is in jail for contempt of court because he repeated false claims against Syrian refugees. It's not a debate, it's a lie. And he tried to use it to foment anger and hatred in British society for political gain. And it does appear that Elon Musk is doing the same. This says Stella Cree as well. And when you go into Robinson's background, it is a history of racial hatred and violence against Muslims against Islam. This is someone who's been convicted of assault dating back to 2005.


With respect to his girlfriend, he was sentenced to 12 months. Then 2011 convicted of assault for headbutting, a man in Blackburn, 2010, convicted of using, threatening an abusive behavior. 2012 use of a false passport, 2012 mortgage fraud. 2017 Conte convicted of contempt of court for filming inside the Canterbury Crown Court and making prejudicial statements during jury deliberations. 2018 jailed for breaching reporting restrictions, financial woes in June, 2000 in 2022 and admitted gambling away a hundred thousand pounds before declaring bank bankruptcy in 2018 falsely accused a Syrian refugee boy of having attacked two school schoolgirls after the boy was assaulted in a bullying incident, the 15-year-old refugee had been attacked and subjected to racist racist abuse.


By while. By by while Robinson misrepresented these situations online in 2021, he was found guilty of libeling the refugee and ordered to pay a hundred thousand in pounds in damages, along with an additional 500,000 pounds in legal costs. And then he has the movie called Silence Film. The film continued to push defamatory claims about the refugee. And on January one, Musk tweeted the full movie, endorsing it with the quote. Worth watching. In July, 2024, Robinson was arrested at the channel tunnel under the Terrorism Act of 2000, following his Unite the Kingdom protest in traffic or square.


He was later released on bail, but faced contempt of court charges for screening silence despite the high court order, and then found in contempt and supporting Robinson only fuels the cycle of hate division, undermining justice and accountability. So we see that's going on right there. But again, we need to think about pro-democracy in global terms. That's what we're trying to do here at the Midas Touch Network because the threat of authoritarianism of far right wing extremism, it's global in nature. We're seeing that across the world. That's why we want to provide that education here on the Midas Touch Network about what's going on.


It's why I'm covering what's happening in Canada, what's happening in Germany, what's happening in the uk, what's happening in Austria, what's happening in the Netherlands, what's happening in Australia. I can go on and on. We're making that an important focus of our coverage here so we understand the links. This is all linked together. And do you see what's going on here? Billionaire oligarchs linking with right wing authoritarians to entrench the oligarchy, and they're using culture wedge issues as the wedge, as the tool to do that. I'm Ben Marcelis. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video.


Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.