
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50, 15, 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail. Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates.


So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middleman to learn more paid for by pharma. Hey, it's Bill Simmons from the Bill Simmons podcast Here to tell you about Michelob Ultra Courtside. It's getting fans closer to the NBA with a chance to win prizes like Courtside seats. A trip to Star weekend and much more. Check it out at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michelob ultra superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 and Up begins on October 1st, 2024 ends July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods.


Visit michelob ultra com slash courtside for free entry. Entry, deadlines and official rules. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California, an Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply. Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret.


It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today. Very frustrated with the news that came out last night.


I thought, I didn't think that, you know, I didn't expect that that to come out. So that was like a got punched. That Was Jason Z. Guy, a union leader in Pittsburgh who says that he and others in his union feel like Donald Trump just gut punched them by opposing the merger between US Steel and Neon, the US Steel Neon merger, which 95% of the union members who worked in that factory supported Jason Za guy attended Trump rallies with other union workers who ended up voting for Donald Trump and supporting Donald Trump. And you heard him there saying, I'm very frustrated with this news.


And the news is Donald Trump just made a social media post. And on that social media post, Donald Trump says, I'm totally against the ones great and powerful US Steel being bought by a foreign company, in this case, Nipon Steel of Japan. Through a series of tax incentives and tariffs, we will make us steel strong and great again and it will happen fast. Exclamation point, as President, I will block this deal from happening. Buyer beware. So it's not just Donald Trump coming out against it now, which he didn't do during the key campaign, stops towards the end of his campaign, but he's coming out against it strongly.


I'm gonna block it. I'm gonna make sure it never happens. And for people in Pittsburgh here and people who were part of the local 2, 2, 2 7, they said, you're, we're gonna lose our jobs now Donald. And now Jason's the guy. You heard him there. He goes, I'm very frustrated with the news that came out last night. He's from United Steel Workers Local 2 2 2 7, he's their vice president. He said during that panel discussion quote, I didn't expect that to come out. So that was like a gut punch. Let me share with you this. This is the local media coverage of what just went down here, play this short clip. One of those union leaders also spoke at a Trump rally shortly before the election. He says he was shocked to hear the President elect come out so strongly against The Deal so soon after the election.


Very Frustrated with the news that came out last night. I thought, I didn't think that, you know, I didn't expect that that to come out. So that was like it got punched. Union leaders at the US Steel Urban Works say 95% of their members are in favor of the Neon merger. And many of them were at the Trump rally in Pittsburgh the day before the election. The union leaders say they were initially skeptical of The Deal, but they came around after meeting with neon officials during the summer Neon pledged to spend a billion dollars to upgrade the 86-year-old hot strip. Now the stock of US Steel is tanking after Donald Trump's post because you know when Donald Trump's been making these social media posts, right, whose stocks have been tanking US Auto Workers U US auto companies, who the auto workers supported their stocks tank after Donald Trump talks about 25% blanket tariffs in Canada and Mexico.


When lots of these companies, whether it's Ford, gm, stellantis, they've got factories in Mexico and now the United States Steel Corporation, their stock is tanking. Let's just take a look at this play, this clip D and given what's gonna happen in the new Trump administration, US Steel shearers are down eight point a half percent right now. That's off the worst levels of the day. And this is all after the President-elect took to his social media truth platform truth social last night and reiterated the opposition that he has towards US Steel being acquired by Japanese Steel Giant Nip on steel that has resulted in a down move in the stock. US Steel for its part says it's still committed to that particular deal going through and that it thinks it's the best interest of all the stakeholders there.


So keep it on US Steel. And here's one that we haven't talked about a lot in terms of artificial intelligence. Look At now Donald Trump also, while he was kind of coy about, it's a controversial deal. I want to be clear. The US steel knee pond deal is controversial, right? There are many who say for national security reasons, that Steel factory, the steel company that's been in existence since 1901, the pride of Pittsburgh, the Steelers, Pittsburgh Steel, US Steel there, there are many people who think that it should be blocked, but they are out in the open with their views. Like President Biden didn't want The Deal to go forward, but he made his views very clear and he was specific.


So you knew where he stood. Donald Trump didn't, and then Donald Trump had his surrogates out there. Here's an example of one Mike Pompeo, who was out there basically saying that this is a great deal, you know that that neon should buy US steel. This is great for the workers there. Here play this clip. I'm gonna give you 20 seconds, 25 seconds. I know you wanna get this in. You believe Nip on Steel should buy US Steel should buy us. I do. I I think it's important for the workers at that plant, at that facility, United us, US Steel Plant, they're gonna invest $1.4 billion. You know, president Trump always says, we want it made here.


We want investment here. That's exactly what it is. And it'll be great for the American steel industry that Larry, you And I know has been incredibly challenged. I'm confident that that investment here in America, in Pittsburgh and all across our country will create more jobs, more wealth, more resources, more carbon neutral steel from high technology in a way that will benefit our country and the people who work in those facilities today. All right there you did it. Woo. That was good too. Wow, you really nailed that. Well done. I mean, actually what I think what you're really saying is nip on steel is a better bet to keep us steel going than US steel and keep us steel going. I, that's the way I'm reading this. You don't have to comment on that.


I don't wanna get you in any more trouble than is ordinarily the case, but that's what I think is gonna happen. And I got a great smile outta you. I The trouble, Larry, but I'm happy to go back in And I, I'm happy to go in and cause more trouble right alongside you, Mr. Secretary. Terrific stuff. Thank you, sir. We appreciate it very, very much. Isn't it funny how the people we love the most are often the hardest to shop for? You know what I mean? Luckily there's one gift that everyone on your list and my list is sure to enjoy. It's an Aura Digital picture frame name number one by wire cutter Aura frames make it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. And when you give an Aura frame as a gift, you can personalize and preload it with a thoughtful message and photos using the Aura app perfection, making it an ideal present for long distance loved ones.


It's a gift so special, they'll use it every day. I know when I'm on that hunt for the perfect gift, the Aura frame, it's personal, it's something that can be with the person I'm giving a gift to forever. It is really, really special. So save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura frames.com and get $35 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using the promo code Midas at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. This deal is Exclusive to listeners of the Midas Touch Podcast. So get yours now in time for the holidays, terms and conditions apply one more time.


That's Aura frames a URA frames.com. And then use the promo code Midas at checkout. And then, as I mentioned, you had a lot of those steel workers, a lot of the union workers who ended up voting for Donald Trump. And you know, I, I've been very critical of the union leaders who didn't endorse President Biden or later Vice President Kamala Harris. There were some union leaders who did, but others like the Teamsters leader, Sean O'Brien. He was parading himself around in Mar-a-Lago and he was speaking at the Republican National Convention. And you had all these union leaders too, who were basically supportive of Donald Trump when Trump's entire life has been destroying unions.


Trump's first term was the most anti union like president in history. And President Biden was the most pro-union president in history by their actual actions and their conduct. So why you would buy the rhetoric of a conman in Donald Trump over the actions of a gentleman in President Biden who is actually doing the things that you wanted him to do is, is beyond me. Here's a new photo a few weeks ago that Sean O'Brien posted. Thank you. Real Donald Trump. Thank you. Let me be very clear with you Sean O'Brien. Let me be very clear with you, other union leaders who is basically Donald Trump's co-president right now, Elon Musk, right?


So two weeks ago while you, sir Sean O'Brien were out there, parading yourself once again, you do this over and over again. You stretch yourself out there, you know, standing right next to Donald Trump giving the all thumbs up sign over and over again. What was Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos and other oligarchs doing? Oh, that's right. They were in the Fifth Circuit saying that the National Labor Relations Board should simply not exist. So let me get this straight. If unions don't have a place to file grievances, because the forum for, that's the National Labor Relations Board, how are unions going to function If you have no NLRB?


'cause those are political appointees. What happens when Donald Trump fills the NLRB with people who want to destroy the NLRB people, like the lawyers for Musk and Bezos who argue that the NLRB should be destroyed. So here's a video for example. This is from November of 2023. This is Elon Musk at a New York Times summit, and he's being asked questions about unions. And what he says is that he disagrees with the entire idea of unions. He disagrees with the entire idea. They shouldn't exist. He says, because they create a system of lords and peasants coming from a guy who makes, who's worth $300 billion.


And he's saying the unions create the Lord's and peasant system. And people like Sean O'Brien didn't endorse, or by their lack of endorsement, made it clear that they support people like Elon Musk and Donald Trump. Your play this clip. I disagree with the idea of unions, but d perhaps for a reason that is different than people may expect is, which is, I, I just don't like anything. Which creates kind of a lords and peasants sort of thing. And, And I think the unions naturally try to create negativity in a company and, and create a kind of sort of lords and peasants situation. Tesla Factory workers in California are working so hard, they're passing out on the production line.


So then I see articles like this from Bloomberg Law right here. This just came out right around Thanksgiving time. Battered union's brace for years of clashes under Trump and Elon Musk. Okay? You know, you didn't have to be battered. You had a good situation going for you with President Biden. You're like, yeah, you know what, Biden supports the pro act. He's on the picket lines with us. He strikes with us. He did everything. He, he saved our pensions. But you know what? Let's be battered. Let's be battered. Here's what he goes, union. So this is what Bloomberg's reporting. So now unions are bracing themselves for an uncertain future under Donald Trump.


As he and his new ally, Elon Musk threatened to thwart organizing in the nation's largest workplaces. Labor leaders are grappling with the reality of having few influential allies now in Washington. It was a sucker punch, but we did everything we could. This is from A-F-L-C-I-O President Liz Scheller. At least she did everything she could. The musk effect. There's widespread fear among unions that the Trump administration will weaken enforcement mechanisms at the National Labor Relations Board. What I just said, Musk has opposed unions at Tesla and has run afoul of federal regulators for allegedly intimidating and firing union supporters.


The NLRB members and general counsel are political appointees, meaning Trump may be able to fire them, may mean he will fire them. Loyalists could bury complaints that come to the agency. Quote, if he dismantles the NLRB, what's the incentive for a company to negotiate a contract? Said Marty Walsh, executive director of the National Hockey League Players Association, who served as Biden's Labor Secretary Marty, I agree with you, but why did all these other union leaders go and and support Donald Trump? And why did the rank and file not be told by the union leaders, what's up? Why weren't they given this information and this data?


You know? And so you have the, you have the teamsters posting things like this in November alone. They just posted this today. In November alone, Teamsters organized 12,000 new members. Teamsters won one of the largest union elections in more than 20 years at Corwell Health East unionized Amazon facilities in multiple states, including the first in the South, and won four union elections at Cisco in November. Notice the language that the Teamsters use there won. We won. That implies that there is winning and losing when it comes to union elections. And then the process by which unions are formed, by which their existence is challenged by which individual grievances by union members gets addressed.


Aggrieved won or lost happens before the National Labor Relations Board, which is gonna be gutted right now. So all of these things that you're talking about here are kind of for not because well, they're gonna gut the whole thing, the and why would you vote for that? But, but it's okay. 'cause you know, flashy crypto guys, 'cause that's how the media refers to them. Flashy crypto guys like Justin's son, a Chinese national accused of fraud by the Securities and Exchange Commission. He sent Donald Trump $18 million last week to support Trump's crypto while under SEC investigation.


He denies the allegations against him shortly after eating a chocolate banana that was taped to a wall. 'cause you know, that's, that's what union member, that's what rank and file union members can, can relate to. So I, I don't like doing reports on f around and find out stuff 'cause I don't take g lee in people's suffering. I don't. But when you go, whoa, gut punch, how did that happen? We're battered now. I mean, did you just want to whine? Did you want to spend the next four years just playing the Vic? Is is, is that it?


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads.


Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.