
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still?


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


Actions not just words. Britain stands with Ukraine today and always that is how you respond to the despicable behavior of Donald Trump and JD Vance in the Oval Office. When President Zelinsky of Ukraine was invited as a guest only for Donald Trump and Vance to launder Russian propaganda to attack Zelensky in the Oval Office and to try to break Zelinsky, Zelinsky wouldn't break Zelinsky then went to the United Kingdom where he met with United Kingdom's Prime Minister Kiir Starmer, who showed what a state visit is actually supposed to look like.


How leaders in democracies are supposed to treat other leaders of democracies who are supposed to be our allies. Take a look at this video. Keir Starr posted of the moment. Ukrainian President Zelensky arrived in the UK for this meeting where a historic $3.3 billion security deal was inked and there was a whole crowd of people cheering on Zelensky action, not just words play this clip. So at this meeting, the UK and Ukraine signed a $3.3 billion security deal.


The money will be dispersed in the next days. We know they are needed. ASAP Europe is standing up. We're talking about the uk, we're talking about the eu, we're talking about the nations in the eu. We're talking about Canada, we're talking about Australia. We're talking about the world democracies coming together to support Zelensky even more now based on the traitorous and despicable ha behavior by the Trump regime in the United States. Take a look at the moment. This $3.3 billion security deal was ined. Thank you very much.


And that's the our side of it. And in the next few days, the disbursements of money, we should be able to to to make those to Ukraine. I know that they're needed as quickly as possible. Thank you so much, minister for being able to join us today. Kire Starer then posted the following, showing how you are supposed to treat an ally. Kir Starer writes, it was an honor to welcome President Zelinsky to Downing Street and reiterate my unwavering support for Ukraine. I am determined to find a path that ends Russia's illegal war and ensures a just and lasting peace that secures Ukraine's future and sovereignty and security.


Slava Ukraine, Kiir Starr then posted this as well. My support for Ukraine is unwavering. The UK stands with you. Take a look at this video that was posted. You are very, very welcome here in Downing Street. As you heard from the cheers, you have full backing across the United Kingdom. We stand with you with Ukraine for as long as it may take and to achieve what we both want to achieve. And last place. Thank you very much here, prime Minister Henry here to all the United Kingdom. Such peace support from the very beginning of this war. Thank you. We are very happy in Ukraine that to be have such friends. Fantastic, Thank you.


Now this follows Keir Stormer posting this other video right here, which is after Donald Trump's disgusting and repulsive behavior. During his meeting with Zelensky UK, prime Minister Ki Starr wasted zero time on Friday to call out the fascistic behavior of Putin Trump and all of it. Watch this incredible video. Let's play it. Russia Does not hold all the cards in this war because the Ukrainians have the courage to defend their country because Russia's economy is in trouble and because they have now lost the best of their land forces and their black sea fleet in this pointless invasion.


I wanna show you what French president Emmanuel Macron is doing as well. But I want to check this out as well because I had a blind spot with this story as well. You have Pete Hegseth, the Fox host turned Secretary of Defense somehow in the United States and exactly what Putin would love and is loving Hegseth warns of military action if Mexico fails to meet Trump's border demands, it's been reported by the Wall Street Journal and others.


I had a blind spot to it, but fortunately I am using something called Ground News. I've talked about Ground News before. It's essential now days to see through any double standards in the current media ecosphere. If you Go to Ground news slash MTN or scan the QR code I'm posting right here, we're going to give our viewers 40% off ground News's top tier vantage plan, which will get you unlimited access to everything that I think is important for you to see, which is I use Ground News to see, okay, what is the right wing reporting on what's left wing reporting on? And they have a function called blind spot. I wanna know, do I have blind spots? Are there things that right wing media is talking about that I'm not seeing anywhere else? Do I need to bolster my coverage here? And here's an example as well. Right now you have Treasury Secretary Scott Besant trying to have Donald Trump save face again, come up with another fake sham deal with Canada saying, Canada, you need to match. Match Mexico's a plan to go after Canada or else we're going to tariff few. Just take a look at this. You have like no one from the left is covering this. You have 56% of coverage on the right and from the center. So go check it out. Ground News slash mtn scan the QR code. We're giving our viewers 40% off Ground News, top tier vantage plan. It's how I often get asked, how do you do your research? This is how I do my research. It'll get you unlimited access to everything I've shown you. And more Ground News is subscriber funded so they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias. Subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep media transparent. Go and check it out. And it helps me with my research. Ground News slash mtn.


Let's get back to some of this reporting. This is from inside this meeting between Gar Starmer and Zelensky where Starmer says You have the full backing across the United Kingdom. And again, contrast this to whatever the hell that happened in the Oval Office with Trump. Let's play it. Cheers on the street outside, you have full backing across the United Kingdom and we stand with you with Ukraine for as long as it may take. And I hope you've heard some of that cheering in the street. That is the people of the United Kingdom coming out to demonstrate how much they support you, how much they support Ukraine.


And our absolute determination to stand with you, unwavering determination, and to achieve what we both want to achieve. Which is a a lasting piece. A lasting piece for Ukraine based on sovereignty and security for Ukraine. So important for Ukraine, so important for Europe and so important for the United Kingdom. So I'm much looking forward to our discussions here this afternoon. Thank you very much for making the time to start. Was pleasure. Thank you very much here, Mr. Prime Minister, happy to be here. And really, I saw a lot of people and I want to thank you people of the United Kingdom.


Such big support from the very beginning of this call. Thank you, your team. And I'm very happy that he maged Kim acceptance my meeting tomorrow and thankful that you organized such summit for tomorrow. And they, we are very happy in Ukraine that we have such strategic partners. We signed with you Historic documents a hundred year. Yeah, yeah. We have only with you such documents with United Kingdom. So we're happy and we count on your support and really, really we're really happy that we have such, such partners and such for Fantastic.


Thank you. Thank you. Very do. President Zelinsky of Ukraine then wrote the following London, a meaningful and warm meeting with Prime Minister Kire Starmer. During our talks, we discussed the challenges facing Ukraine and all of Europe, coordination with partners concrete steps to strengthen Ukraine's position and ending the war with a just peace along with robust security guarantees, A principled statement of support from the prime Minister and an important decision today in our presence, Ukraine and the United Kingdom signed a loan agreement. This loan will enhance Ukraine's defense capabilities and will be repaid using revenues from Russians.


Frozen assets, the funds will be directed toward weapon production in Ukraine. This is true justice. The one who started the war must be the one to pay. I thank the people in government of the United Kingdom for their tremendous support from the very beginning of this war. We are happy to have such a strategic partner and to share the same vision of what a secure future should look like for all. I want you to watch the video that President Zelensky posted about this meeting. And I want you to think of as well, this is how you stand up to the incompetent loser, authoritarian Trump regime. This is how you do it.


Europe is stepping up, America's getting isolated here. Play this clip. Well, lemme just say that you are very, very welcome here in Downing Street. Happy to be here. And really, I saw a lot of people and I want to thank you people of the United Kingdom.


Such big support from the very beginning of this war. Thank you, your team for today. Happy that we have such, such partners and such friends. Fantastic. Thank you. Thank you very much. Well thank you. Thank you very much. And that's our side of it. And in the next few days, thank you so much, minister. Happy to join us today. Thank you. I'll let you I tonight.


Okay, great. Nice to see you. See you tomorrow. Now President Emmanuel Macron posted the following as well or made the following comments. Rather, if anyone is playing World War iii, it is Putin. He brought 10,000 North Korean soldiers to Europe. He begged for Iranian drones aiding their nuclear program in return to wage war on Europe. It is not zelensky. Who's playing World War iii? Donald. So what's Donald Trump doing right now? Yes. He's golfing. More vacationing. He's reposting Marjorie Taylor Green MAGA Republican extremists. This is what homeschooling looks like in Georgias 14 Gulf of America.


Everybody look at how smart we are. In Georgia's 14th, we take maps that say Gulf of Mexico and we put America over it. Yeah. By the way, did you see when JD Vance went to Vermont? Of course he was vacationing in a blue state. Get the hell out of blue states. Jd, why don't you go to one of your red states, see what they, see what they enjoy. Enjoy the red state. Go to Oklahoma. No offense to Oklahoma. Go go to go to Arkansas. No offense to Arkansas. This is what the, these are the signs and these are the signs that that greeted JD Vance in Vermont. Vance is a trader. Go ski in Russia. Vance uses fake syrup. Donald Trump golfing, golfing golf.


Oh, by the way, remember that question that Marjorie Taylor Green's boyfriend asked Zelensky? Because now in America, our press is kicked out of the Oval Office, but they bring in Marjorie Taylor Greene's boyfriend. I'm not making that up. Brian Glenn. He's like, why aren't you wearing a suit? By the way, here's Winston Churchill at the White House not wearing a suit because his country was at war during World War ii. Just take a look at some of these UK headlines as well. From the Daily Mail raging Trump humiliate Zelensky on live tv, A spectacle to horrify the world. This is from the mail Amid outrage over US President's humiliation of Zelensky. And as the king of of United Kingdom hosts Ukraine, leader today, members of parliament and top brass demand.


Now stop the state visit for bully Trump. Do not let Trump in. And then it shows that's how to treat a war hero. Prime ministers hug ahead of crunch summit. 'cause today, European leaders are showing up in the United Kingdom. By the way, did you see this from Halt B Bunkers? This is a Norwegian fuel company. Halt bunk bunkers. And they said, after witnessing the, this is their language. After witnessing the biggest shit show ever presented on live TV by the current American president is vice president. Huge credit to president of Ukraine, restraining himself and for keeping calm. Even though USA put on a backstabbing TV show, it made us sick, short and sweet.


And as a result, we have decided to immediately stop as a fuel provider for, for as a, as a fuel provider to any American forces in Norway. And their ships calling Norwegian ports, no fuel to Americans. We encourage all Norwegian Europeans to follow our example. And indeed, when a United States nuclear submarine, the US as Delaware showed up, they were forced to turn around off the coast of Norway after a refusal to refuel by a private company following the Trump and Zelinsky meeting. Like May, may I share this with you?


This talker, I think did an incredible job. I think laying out what it was like if Trump and Vance were hostage negotiators, great work. If follow this guy here, play this club. Hello. This is the negotiator. Hello. Hello Police. Yeah, they've kidnapped me. They said they're gonna hurt me unless I Whoa, whoa, whoa. Have you said thank you? Sorry. Have you even said thank you? We're trying to help here and you're not going to thank us. Oh, thank you. I've been kidnapped and they're gonna hurt me. And they say they're gonna hurt more people. You shouldn't have made them kidnap you in the first place. What? Stop dictating to us.


You're being a real dictator right now. Okay. I'm sorry. What am I supposed to do? Let us have your stuff. What? Yeah, let us have like your food and clothes and all your stuff. Okay. We might be able to help. Okay, fine. You could have my stuff I guess. Can you help Now We've made a decision. Okay, great. Are you gonna help? We're going to support the captors. What? Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe.


Thank you to Ground News slash MTN or sponsor for this video. Ground News slash mdn. Check them out. Solves my blunts my blind spot. Issue on, on reporting. I always get asked, how do you do your research? I use Ground News. Check it out, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million.


Subscribe. Meidas can't Get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.