
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER


GR power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop this sale.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx dot com.


We we have, oh my God, we have tear gas, we have fireworks going off. Tear gas is in the air, people are dispersing. I can't see anything come here. That was a scene from last night in Los Angeles as the Trump regime quite literally declared war on its own citizens. The Trump regime invoked 10 USC section 1 2 4 0 6, which is entirely in inapplicable to what's taking place. And it's invalid the way Trump in invoked it because it requires a governor's consent, which did not take place here. But the Trump regime issued a memo Federalizing the National Guard in California to go against the people of California based on a manufactured situation that the Trump regime provoked by sending ice to attack communities and to provoke and cause chaos in communities in Los Angeles and in the adjacent areas to Los Angeles.


The memo that Donald Trump issued last night while he was at A UFC fight mind you, is called the Department of Defense Security for the protection of Department of Homeland Security Functions Memo. And as I said, it invokes section 10 USC 12 4 0 6 and I'll go explain to you what that means in a little bit. But let's just go back a little bit. Over the past few days, the Trump regime was conducting ice raids in downtown Los Angeles to start, they were targeting apparel factories where migrants were hard at work. They were targeting courthouses where migrants were going through a lawful process to have their cases heard.


They were targeting neighborhoods where migrants were raising their families. They were targeting areas where migrants were peaceful and contributing to the economy. Home Depot parking lots. They were not going after criminals or gang bangers. They were going after peaceful, hardworking migrants, which Donald Trump purportedly told his base that he was not going to do. But we all told you that he was lying. So that happened yesterday, then on, or that happened on Friday. Then on Saturday, the Trump regime expanded the operation to the areas kind of surrounding the city of Los Angeles.


Still within the county areas like Paramount and Santa Fe areas like Compton, a lot of areas sur Torrance surrounding the city itself within the county. And again, they were specifically kind of targeting communities where there were hardworking Latino families just going about working or living their peaceful lives or just trying to raise their families. Why the Trump regime wanted to provoke something that they could essentially claim was an insurrection so that they could federalize the National Guard, which they ended up doing last night and send the troops against the people of California.


So let's just take a look at some of the scenes of what went down yesterday. Here was video where you can see some less than lethal rounds, which are still could be very lethal, being used against protestors in Southern California. This was in an area called Paramount, which is about 10 to 15 miles kind of south of Los Angeles. Take a look right here of what went down Los Angeles. This is live. You see the images, it's continuing these crowd dispersal tactics being used on a group of protesters that are protesting in Paramount, California.


Those in the area basically call this Compton. It's outside of a Home Depot where protests began earlier today. And there we see those gas canisters, the people covering their eyes, their mouths, their noses. These pepper balls impact all of the senses and this is a big show that they're doing here. A big display of the less than Lethal rounds. Here's another just insane scene of what we were seeing yesterday with ice out and about in Paramount.


Play this clip. Here's another image of the ice raid, and you'll see community resistance in front of this Home Depot in Paramount. Take a look.


Here's another image of what was going down in Paramount. Play this clip. A lot of this footage was captured on the citizen app as well. Like here you have new video of some of the ice attacks on the immigrants. This is an Inglewood from yesterday. Here play this clip. Hey, just let it be.


So with all of that taking place, you know Steven Miller then put out a statement that this is an insurrection, an insurrection against the laws and sovereignty of the United States. Then Tom Holman went on TV and he said, oh, you know, we're going to have to activate, you know, the National Guard. We're gonna have to federalize it. So we were wondering, are they gonna federalize the National Guard? Are they gonna invoke the Insurrection Act? They actually technically didn't invoke the Insurrection Act. They invoked another act that allows you to federalize the National Guard if you're the president, but you have to work with the governor and it's under very narrow circumstances.


So I'll go and break that down. So while Donald Trump was at a UFC fight, he posts the following, if Governor Gavin Newcomb of California and Mayor Karen Bass of Los Angeles can't do their jobs, which everyone knows they can't, then the federal government will step in and solve the problem riots and looters the way it should be solved. Just take a look at this map here, you can see all of the areas here with potential ice sightings and you'll see, you know, really from downtown Los Angeles, it kind of expands out. Let's talk briefly about the statute that Donald Trump invoked 10 USC section 12 4 0 6. It's not the Insurrection Act.


The Insurrection Act is 10 USC, section 2, 5 3. But just take a look at what 12 4 0 6, what Donald Trump invoked actually says. Here's what it says. Whenever one, the United States or any of the commonwealths or possessions is invaded or is in danger of invasion by a foreign nation, okay, that didn't happen. Two, there is a rebellion or danger of a rebellion against the authority of the government of the United States. Well that didn't happen. Three, the president is unable with the regular forces to execute the laws of the United States.


And again, that didn't happen. The president may call into federal service members and units of the National Guard of any state in such numbers as he considers necessary to repel the invasion, suppress the rebellion, or execute those laws. Orders for these purposes shall be issued through the governors of the States. That didn't happen, or in the case of the District of Columbia through the commanding General of the National Guard of the District of Columbia. So you see right there, subparagraph one, two, and three, I read them for you. None of those were met to be able to invoke 10 USC 12, 4 0 6.


And then it says that the orders for these purposes shall be issued through the governors. These were not issued through California Governor Gavin Newsom. Gavin Newsom came out with a statement that Donald Trump federalizing the National Guard is wholly improper. It's to sow chaos and that Governor Newsom is very much against it. So what Donald Trump did in Federalizing, the California National Guard unlawfully, when you go and you read this memo, it says that the members and units of the National Guard called into federal service shall be at least 2000 National Guard personnel and the duration of the duty shall be for 60 days or at the discretion of the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth.


In addition, the Secretary of Defense may employ any other members of the regular armed forces as necessary to augment and support the protection of federal functions and property in any number determined, appropriate in his discretion. Again, that is not permitted in the section that I read you 10 US code 12 4 0 6, all that was in there is Federalizing the National Guard. Not that Pete Heif can send the Navy or the Marines or the Air Force or the Army against the United States citizens, but that's actually exactly what Pete Heif wants to do. I'm not being hyperbolic.


Pete Hegseth posted that he is considering putting the Marines active duty Marines at Camp Pendleton will be mobilized. They are now on high alert to attack the citizens of the United States of America. As we wrote on the Midas touch channel, Pete Hegseth is now threatening to send the Marines into Los Angeles. Make no mistake, this is a declaration of war against the United States. Here's what Secretary of Defense, former Fox host Pete Hegseth posted the violent mob assaults on ice and federal law enforcement are designed to prevent the removal of criminal, illegal aliens from our soil.


A dangerous invasion facilitated by criminal cartels, AKA foreign terrorist organizations, and a huge national security risk. And he puts that in caps under President Trump. Violence and destruction against federal agents and federal facilities will not be tolerated. It's, and he puts this in caps common sense. The Department of Defense is mobilizing the National Guard immediately to support federal law enforcement in Los Angeles. And if violence continues, active duty marines at Camp Pendleton will also be mobilized. They are on high alert. So I'm not being hyperbolic.


The United States Department of Defense is threatening to send the United States Marines against American citizens in California, literally going to war against people in California. Now, I want to be very clear, how did this all start? ICE raids sent by the Trump regime to terrorize peaceful communities, these ICE raids targeted courtrooms, courthouses, ice agents waiting in bushes as people were going through their lawful process. They were going to court, okay? They were showing up to court on time to deal with their asylum claims or their immigration, their pending immigration claims.


That's where they were getting snatched and disappeared from and put in detention centers. Kids were being grabbed, babies were being grabbed. They were, they were inflicting torture on the people. Ice was inflicted torture. Then they went to Home Depots, they went to factories where people were hard at work and then they were snatching people and disappearing them and they were pissing off the community. So was there some social unrest or societal unrest that occurred? So stipulated, I've showed you some of the videos. People were pissed off that their family members were being disappeared, that people in their communities were being snatched, that hardworking people were basically gonna be sent off and if they were sent to areas that they left and got asylum here being sent off to get killed.


So yeah, pe especially knowing that you could end up in a concentration camp in El Salvador or Libya. So yes, people in in California and across the country were pissed and upset. Was it something that the California could deal with on its own through the California Police officers Los Angeles police officers CHP? Absolutely. I mean, you know, these, these protests, sure they were, they were somewhat sizable, but they weren't like huge, massive protests that were taking place. The fact that they were talking about sending the Marines right now to attack American citizens tells you that's what they've wanted from the very beginning.


It's what I've always been saying, that they wanted to provoke. They want to send the military against the United States citizens. And I have one other theory that I think is pretty accurate. So next weekend is the Trump regimes birthday party for Donald Trump where they are doing the big dictatorship military parade. We've never had that in America with tanks and you know, going through Washington DC and displaying missiles and and things like that. How anti-American is that? But that's what Trump wants on his birthday. A big Kim Jong-un Vladimir Putin style dictator parade for himself on June 14th for his birthday.


What else was June 14th? The no kings protests were gonna take place across the United States of America, and I expected there to be literally millions to tens of millions of Americans attending the No King's protest. So what I think also the Trump regime is trying to do is I think they're trying to create a situation of martial law. I think they want the military to suppress every, you know, all of the citizenry in anticipation of Donald Trump's dictator parade where I think Donald Trump wants to show the dictatorship power that's never existed in the United States. He wants that display and I think this escalation that we're seeing right now leading up to his dictator parade, I don't think that's coincidental.


There's a lot of other videos I can show you. I think you get the point from that, what was taking place, they were raiding downtown la raiding the surrounding areas within the 10 15, 20 mile radius of downtown LA going into the factories. Immunity members were pissed and then the Trump regime immediately invoked. And I read you those categories unlawfully Section 10 us code section 12 4 0 6, and I hope I broke it down for you in a way that you understand that's what we know for now. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.