
The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


The United States Army has issued a formal statement in response to the incident that took place at Arlington Cemetery, where a Trump campaign staffer got into a physical altercation with a staff member at Arlington Cemetery. As Donald Trump tried to set up a photo op and campaign ad at Arlington Cemetery, which violates all of the rules of that very sacred cemetery. And in Section 60 nonetheless, which is like the most sacred spot within the sacred cemetery. That is the national treasure of Arlington Cemetery. Here is the official statement, and again, it is beyond rare for the Army, the United States Army to issue a statement like this.


Here's what it says. Arlington National Cemetery routinely hosts public wreath lang ceremonies at the tomb of the unknown soldier for individuals and groups who submit requests in advance. A and C conducts nearly 3000 such public ceremonies a year without incident. Participants in the August 26th ceremony and the subsequent Section 60 visit were made aware of federal laws, army regulations, and Department of Defense policies, which clearly prohibit political activities on cemetery grounds. And a NC employee who attempted to ensure adherence to these rules was abruptly pushed aside.


In other words, a physical altercation took place consistent with the decorum expected at the Arlington National Cemetery. This employee acted with professionalism and avoided further disruption. The incident was reported to the J-B-M-H-H Police Department, but the employee subsequently decided not to press charges. Therefore, the Army considers this matter closed. This incident was unfortunate and it is also unfortunate that the A NC employee and her professionalism has been unfairly attacked. A NC is a national shrine to the honored dead of the armed forces, and its dedicated staff will continue to ensure public ceremonies are conducted with the dignity and respect the nation's fallen deserve.


Haley Brisky writes that this has to be noted how rare a statement like this is from the Army. She has covered the Army for four years and cannot recall something similar. I've also reached out to a number of reporters who have covered the Army as well, and nobody has heard of these types of statements being issued, but none, no one's heard of this type of incident taking place where a political campaign goes in there and engages in a physical altercation with Arlington Cemetery staff to try to do a political ad right there. It should be noted that if you look at the Army statement when they say that the professionalism of the Arlington Cemetery staff member had been called into question by Trump campaign people.


Donald Trump's lead campaign spokesperson, Stephen Chung, said that the Arlington Cemetery staff member had mental illness, had a mental health issue, and something was mentally wrong with them. That's why the person deserved to be pushed aside. We reported about this in the Midas Touch network two days ago when it first went down, was originally reported by NPR. They did an incredible job reporting on this incident. And yeah, the Trump campaign after Donald Trump made statements like the Medal of freedom that he gives out to his donors is a better award than the Congressional Medal of Honor.


Donald Trump calling military members suckers and losers and, and calling fallen soldiers, suckers and losers. As confirmed by Donald Trump's former four star General chief of staff, John Kelly, who said Donald Trump said that as well. Donald Trump's campaign wanted that photo op on the three year anniversary when our soldiers in Afghanistan 13 were killed in Afghanistan. Trump wanted to have this photo op. He wanted to be at the wreath ceremony, and his staff was told the rules, here's how you have to behave when you're in the Arlington Cemetery. And they pushed, they physically pushed the people aside.


Now, I wanna share with you yesterday, JD Vance confirmed the incident as well. And you know, if I look at this statement here by the US Army spokesperson, they seem to also be addressing Donald Trump's VP pick JD Vance for the horrific statements that he said yesterday where he is like, what's the big deal? Here's what JD Vance said yesterday. Play this clip. Well, I, I think first of all, the altercation at Arlington Cemetery is the media creating a story where I really don't think that there is one. There is verifiable evidence. There is, there is verifiable evidence that the campaign was allowed to have a photographer there. There's verifiable, they were invited to have a photographer there.


There's verifiable evidence that the families of these poor people who had their loved ones die three years ago at Abbey Road. They had, excuse me, Abbey Gate, those 13 Americans, a lot of them were there with the president. They invited him to be there and to support them. That's not an insult to the memories of their loved ones. They wanted Donald Trump there. And thank God that we have a president who stands with our veterans, And said, of one who runs away from them. Now we


Ever find yourself in the middle of the summer with the heat getting to your head and your focus just slipping away. Or maybe you're just looking for a little pick me up to keep life balanced while staying in control. Well, if that's you, it might be time to enhance your everyday with V Via is dedicated to bringing the natural benefits of hemp into your wellness routine. Whether you're setting the mood for a cozy night in unwinding after a long day or just looking for a subtle boost via has you covered their award-winning THC and THC free gummies are perfect for those who want the benefits of cannabis without losing hours to an unproductive high with Via, you get the best of both worlds, a microdose of THC that keeps you comfortable and clearheaded, but that's not all v's. Lineup includes premium indoor THCA flower soothing topicals and calming drops, all crafted from the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted independently owned American Farms. And the best part via legally ships to all 50 states in discreet packaging with no medical card required. I've been trying out via products recently and I've got to say they've been great. Whether it's winding down after a stressful day or keeping my mood in check, their gummies have been my go-to they gimme the right amount of relaxation without knocking me out so I could stay productive and feel good. My favorite, the Dreams Sleep gummies, they're tasty, effective, and just what I need to wind down after a chaotic day of covering the news. So if you're 21 or over and looking to enhance your wellness routine, check out the link to via in our description and use the code Midas for 15% off your order. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. After you make your purchase, we'll ask where you heard about them. Please let them know we sent you. It's I take three. So if you're 21 or over and looking to enhance your wellness routine, check out the link to via in our description and use the code Midas for 15% off your order. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. After you make your purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please let them know we sent you. It's time to elevate your every day with Via.


Here's another statement by JD Vance yesterday. Let me show you this clip. Now we Where, where Now it, yeah, I mean it, it is, it is amazing to me that you have apparently somebody at Arlington Cemetery, some staff member had a little disagreement with somebody and they have turned the media has turned this into a national news story. You know what? I think our veterans care a lot more about that. Kamala Harris' VP nominee lied about his military service. I think that our veterans care a lot better about that. And then JD Vance not just doubled, he tripled down on it. And then JD Vance was like, what's the big deal?


It's not like we were like making an ad or anything. Like we were there to like be there with fallen soldiers. Here play this clip. You, you, you guys in the media, you're acting like Donald Trump filmed a TV commercial at a grave site. He was there providing emotional support to a lot of brave Americans who lost loved ones they never should have lost. And there happened to be a camera there and somebody gave 'em permission to have that camera there. No, JD Vance. You were quite literally there to make an ad. You were making a political advertisement and you were cutting clips for political campaigning activity, which should not be happening in Arlington Cemetery. The veterans, I've spoken to the veterans who work for the Midas Touch network.


You see a lot of 'em on the show. Fred Wellman, Ken Harbo and others, they were Denver Riggleman, absolutely livid, absolutely livid at what the Trump campaign did at the Arlington Cemetery. I'm livid. The nation is livid. What a horrific thing to do. And then just so you can see like what Donald Trump's been saying this week alone, this is what Donald Trump said about the generals who worked for him, the former general Mark Millie, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and John Kelly. Here's Donald Trump talking about them and calling them stupid Play the clip. But Millie was a stupid person. Very stupid.


But you know, we have great generals, but Millie was stupid. Guys like John Kelly are one of the, he's one of the dumbest people I've ever met. This is from this week as well. Here's what Donald Trump said about them. Play the clip. The one confirmation was a guy that I fired, a terrible stupid person actually that couldn't do the job well and I fired him and he sort of con confirmed it. I don't know how he confirmed it, but he did. Here's what Donald Trump said about John McCain, how Donald Trump said he prefers soldiers who are, who are not captured here play this clip. He Hit me hero. He's not a war hero. He's a war hero. He's a war hero. Five and a half years.


He's a war hero. 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. Okay? I hate to tell you, do you war hero agree To that? I mean Donald. Trump calling John McCain not a hero. I mean how pathetic can you, like how pathetic can you get right there? But Donald Trump does praise our adversaries. He does praise Putin and Kim Jong-un play this clip Xi of China. When you see Kim Jong-un of North Korea, when you see Putin and you see all of these people, they're, they're at the top of their game, whether you like it or not, and they can't believe that this has happened to the United States. We have, I remember when Donald Trump was asked about sacrifices he made here play this clip. You got him say to a woman, Hey, listen, you gotta go to my personal doctor and I'm gonna have you checked out.


Is that a tough thing to say to a woman or you just got the balls to say it? You know, I'll tell you. It's amazing. I can't even believe it. I've been so lucky, right? In terms of that whole world, because You've never gotten a social disease. It, it is a dangerous world out there. It is. It's scary. It's like Vietnam sort of like, you know, the Vietnam Era. It it is your personal Vietnam, isn't it? It is my personal Vietnam. You've said that many times. I feel like a great and very brave soldier. A lot of guys who went through Vietnam came out unscathed. A lot of guys who've gone through the eighties having sex with different women came out with AIDS and all kinds of things, right? They, they survived Vietnam and they got, this is better than Vietnam. Yeah. Horrific, horrific stuff right there. Anyway, the official statement from the US Army spokesperson right there, we will keep you updated as we learn more here on the Midas Touch Network.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers Real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.