
JD Vance continues to throw Donald Trump under the bus, whether it's accidentally, intentionally a Freudian slip, you be the judge. But JD Vance did another interview this past weekend where he brought up Epstein, just kind of randomly. The prompt wasn't Epstein. Here's just some advice. JD Vance, if your running mate was close, friends with Epstein, said that Epstein is a great guy, is currently using Epstein's jet, and you're trying to hide that fact despite Midas, Touch and others. Continuing to bring up the connection. Maybe you don't give me the layup. JD Van.


So here's what JD Van said during the interview on Sunday. Play this clip Because the American people just don't buy the idea that Kamala Harris, who's been vice president for three and a half years, is somehow gonna tackle the inflation crisis in a way tomorrow that she hasn't for the past 1300 days, giving Kamala Harris control over inflation policy. Shannon, it's like giving Jeffrey Epstein control over human trafficking policy. The American people are much smarter than that. They don't buy the idea that Kamala Harris represents a fresh start. She is more of the same. It is doubling down on the failed policies of the Harris administration to give Kamala Harris a promotion rather than to fire her, which is what I think most Americans are gonna do on November.


Oh, How, and by the way, you can see the interviewer on Fox looking at him like, are you stupid? What are you doing, Jay? Why are you bringing up Epstein? Just don't bring up Epstein. And by the way, JD Vance has like a history of bringing stuff like this up. You know, the other thing if you're JD Vance is like, don't bring up couch. Just don't bring up couch. JD brings up couch. Play this clip. Now I would call her up here to come and speak, but then I, I think I'd have to sleep on the couch tonight, so I'll leave her alone. But, You know, or the other thing, if you're JD Vance, it's like, don't bring up the relationship between husband and wife of spouse.


Your running mate has married three different women, has kids with three different women, cheated on his current wife with porn star who he was cheating on with Playboy Playmate, who he's buried his first wife Ivana at the country club where he's now holding press conference and let the shrubs grow over it. Whose first wife accused him of sexual assault, who's been found liable for sexual assault recently in front of a federal jury? Don't bring it up. Don't bring it up. jd, JD brings it up here. Play the clip. I had just been announced as a VP nominee. I gave my big speech and I saw my wife and I gave her a big hug and a kiss because I love my wife. And I think that's what a normal person does. Tim Waltz gave his wife a nice firm Midwestern handshake and then tried to sort of awkwardly correct for it.


So I think that what it is is two people, Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz, who aren't comfortable in their own skin because they aren't comfortable with their policy positions for the American people. And so their name calling instead of, of actually telling the American people how they're gonna make their lives better. I think that's weird, Dana, but look, they can call me whatever they want to. You're saying Tim Walls doesn't have affection for his wife. I don't even understand that. I said that he acted weird, which he did on a national stage in front of his wife and in front of millions of American. All right, Jd, because you are the one bringing this up. Should I mention the connections? Well, I don't, I start, I don't, in the past 12 hours of the Donald Trump Epstein connections, I'll start in the past 12 hours and then we'll go back.


So Donald Trump's campaign released a new campaign video, an official video this weekend with some rapper, Kodak Black or something, is the name of the rapper. That's how Donald Trump believes he's appealing to the black community that, and by selling these like ugly assassination edition sneakers, but the lyrics of the song, talk about a woman going on all fours, you'll listen to the lyrics right now. I'm just gonna play you four seconds of it. Don't worry. I'm not gonna play the whole thing. Then you have Donald Trump doing the weird two fist dance with the guy who was the, the, the chair sniffer streamer, the guy who sniffs the butts of women and people who he considers alpha males, whatever.


Trump did that interview with that guy. So he's doing the dance with that guy in front of like a rented Tesla cyber truck. And then Trump gets on Epstein's jet. So Donald Trump is now using the Epstein jet, the one that Epstein used to traffic women. Donald Trump is u is like renting that from a buddy of his, who's a Republican donor who got it from like the Epstein estate sale. Donald Trump now wraps the, the Epstein jet now says Trump 2024 on it. And here's the campaign video that Trump put out. I'm just gonna show you four seconds of it here, play this clip.


So I told you I would just start with the Epstein connections in the past 12 hours. Okay, now let's go back. We reported here on the Midas Touch network that Donald Trump was using Epstein's private jet. Look, Donald Trump's plane continues to break down because he's cheap and his big airplane actually is a horrible airplane. And so is the airplane for JD Vance. 'cause again, Donald Trump is cheap and actually doesn't really has a big plane, but it's not a good plane. So he's been flying around on Epstein's jet place to place. You see him bragging about it there. But I could back up more and talk about all of the Epstein connections here, which I know corporate media is too afraid to talk about. Well, Donald Trump told the New York magazine or New Yorker at one of the others, i I I have it right here back in 2002, that Jeffrey Epstein is a great guy who likes women on the younger side or girls on the younger side.


Trump brought his kids around. Epstein Trump hung out with Epstein all of the time. In fact, Epstein would traffic women from Mar-a-Lago. It's an undisputed fact. Virginia Giuffre, one of Epstein's victims was trafficked from Mar-a-Lago. She was found at Mar-a-Lago. She was homeless. She then got a job at Mar-a-Lago after being, after being homeless. And then Ghislaine Maxwell found her at Mar-a-Lago, and then brought her to Epstein trafficker from Mar-a-Lago, and then brought her to Epstein. And then in the criminal trial of Ghislaine Maxwell, who was Jeffrey Epstein's right hand, the trafficker for Epstein's Ghislaine Maxwell.


Remember, Trump was asked about Ghislaine and Donald Trump was asked, well, what do you wanna say to her? She's on criminal in a federal criminal trial for trafficking. Donald, what are you gonna say about her? What Donald Trump said is, I wish her well here, play this clip. Ghislaine Maxwell is in prison. And a lot of people want to know if she's going to turn in powerful people. And I know you've talked in the past about Prince Andrew and you've criticized Bill Clinton's behavior. I'm wondering, do you feel that she's going to turn in powerful men? How do you see that working out? I don't know. I haven't really been following it too much. I just wish her, well, frankly, I've met her numerous times over the years, especially since I lived in Palm Beach, and I guess they lived in Palm Beach, but I wish her well, whatever it is, I don't know the situation with Prince Andrew.


Just don't know, not aware of it. I can go back to Donald Trump's past in the early 1990s when he hosted the look of the year competition with 14-year-old girls. This is documented and undisputed. There was a party, a yacht party Trump was on in Manhattan, the spirit of New York, where 14-year-old girls were brought on this yacht, Donald Trump and older men were on the yacht. According to the Guardian article, the, the older men old enough to be the girls grandparents. Here are the photos of the girls, by the way. And here's another photo of the girls with Trump taking a photo with the girls from the look of the year. I mean just, but look at that first photo.


I mean that's horrifying. That Trump, that that that was Trump's business doing events with girls that age dressed like that. Let's just put that into perspective for a second. And then the men old enough to be the girl's grandparents would grind on the girls. Completely disgusting. Absolutely disgusting stuff. Then you have Donald Trump ragging that he would look at the girls from his pageant naked and he told Howard Stern that, you know, he's the head of, he's the head of the competition. So he gets to do it. He said, he said he gets to do it here, play this clip. Well, you could also say, as the owner of the pageant, it's your obligation to do that.


So, so you have done that. Now tell me what, well, I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show. Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else, and you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspect, inspecting. I wanna make sure that you're like, everything good, doctor, you're there. Yeah, the dress is everyone okay? You know, they're standing there with no, is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women. And so I sort of get away With things like,


are you tired of terrible coffee while you're on the go? As a busy guy, whether I'm getting ready for work, I'm out traveling, or I'm just out and about on any given day, I've tried it all. And you know, as the resident coffee geek here at Midas, my standards are very high. Portable coffee makers often fall short. They either make bad coffee, like disgusting coffee, or they're a hassle to carry around. But then I discovered the AeroPress Go Plus and it changed everything. The AeroPress Go Plus is a complete travel coffee solution. It's not just a coffee maker, it's an entire brewing system designed for life on the go. It uses a customized Tumblr that you could drink from and store your coffee maker in when you're done. It's brilliant, brilliant, brilliant. No mess, no fuss, just great coffee. I've been using the original Arrow Press for more than a decade. I know you've heard me sing its praises on the show so many times, and I've seen all you rave about the AeroPress in the comments. So to have everything that I love about the AeroPress in a complete travel coffee system, it is like a dream come true for me. And unlike other travel coffee makers, the AeroPress Go Plus delivers smooth rich Coffee with a full bodied finish. It combines the best qualities of a French press, a pour over and an espresso machine all in one cup. Plus he uses air pressure to speed up the brew process so there's no bitterness and no over extraction. It's so good. I prefer to drink my coffee outta my AeroPress black. It makes for the smoothest, most full bodied coffee that you could really drink and enjoy. Imagine having great coffee no matter where you are or what you're doing with the Apress. Go. Plus you can brew a perfect cup in just two minutes. It's the first time I felt I could have great coffee wherever I go, whether I'm on a camping trip with friends or just running late for a meeting. And here's an incredible offer just for our listeners, visit aeropress.com/midas, that's A-E-R-O-P-R-E-S s.com/m EI ds. And use that promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to save 20% off your order. It's time to say goodbye to crappy Coffee and hello to Better Adventures, fueled by Better Coffee, thanks to AeroPress for sponsoring our show.


Yeah, I mean that's absolutely sickening to, to hear him say that. Here's what he said about Lindsay Lohan when Lohan was either 17 or she had just turned 18 years old, and Donald Trump started fantasizing about sexual relations with Lohan because Donald Trump believed that she has mental health issues. And said that would make her better for him to have sex with. You play this clip. What do you think of Lindsay Lohan, Howard? I think she's hot. There's something there, right? Yes, Steve, but you have to like freckles. I've seen a, you know, a closeup of her chest. Yes. And a lot of freckles. Are you into freckles if the father's erect like the way he is, right?


You imagine the sex with this troubled Yeah, you're probably right. She's probably deeply troubled and therefore great in bed back in the day when, how come the deeply troubled women Yes. You know, deeply, deeply troubled, right? They're always the best in bed. If for some reason what I said is true I mean they, they're just unbelievable. I could tell from the, you don't wanna be with 'em for the long term term, but for the short term, there's not, By the way, here are just some other women who talked about how Donald Trump would, during the beauty pageants, would inspect the girls changing or the women naked. Just so you, you hear other perspectives firsthand of, of women who were in the beauty pageants here play this clip. Is it normal to see men in dressing rooms at pageants and the, and the owner of a pageant?


No, no. The, the director of the North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana. And Alabama pageants. It's very much a family atmosphere. She doesn't even go backstage when the girls are getting ready. Only the female chaperones are allowed backstage in the dressing rooms with the girls. I've never had an experience where there were men or directors or anything like that, walking back in the dressing rooms. Yeah, As I understand there, you have an experience of something that happened the night before the pageant, Well, not the night before the pageant, but when we were in New York City on the media tour, they were doing a book launch at Trump Towers for the Universal Beauty Book.


And they had a bunch of former Miss USAs and Miss Universes and all 51 of us, and we did the red carpet, and that was tons of fun. And then they lined us all up and Trump went down the line and he shook your hand and, you know, looked you over, looked you up and down head to toe and was just checking everybody out. And you thought you felt, I felt very dirty. It was very creepy. It's kind of like when you're at a bar and a creepy guy is checking you out. That's, that was the experience for me. Here's Tasha Dixon, miss Arizona 2001, talking about what Donald Trump would do.


Play this clip. He just came strolling right in. There was no second to put a robe on or any sort of clothing or anything. Some girls were topless, other girls were naked. As Miss Arizona, 2001, Tasha Dixon competed in the Miss USA pageant. Donald Trump owned the contest along with Miss Universe and Miss Teen USA for 19 years. Our first introduction to him was when we were at the dress rehearsal and half naked changing into our bikinis to have the owner come watting in when we're naked or half naked in a very physically vulnerable position. And then to have the pressure of the, you know, the, the people that work for him telling, telling us to go fawn, all fawn all over him.


Go walk up to him, talk to him. And Dixon has strong opinions about what she thinks were trump's motivations. I'm telling you, Donald Trump owned the pageant for the reason to utilize his power to get, you know, around beautiful women. Dixon, who lives in West Hollywood was 18 at the time. Who do you complain to? He owns the pageant. So there's no one to complain to. Everyone there works for him. The year she competed, the theme was empowering women. And after hearing recent audio of Trump talking about women, she decided to speak out. I miss Arizona, so I veer more on the conservative side, but I just like to choose what's right.


And then we prepared this video at the Midas Touch network. We, we produced this video yesterday and it shows vice President Kamala Harris's interactions with children, Donald Trump's interactions with children. Let, let me show you this clip. Play it. Have Anyone you ready? Okay. Yeah. You're going up the escalator. I'm gonna be dating her in 10 years. Can you go, Chloe has her on, that's in his hair.


Oh my goodness. You wore your cave. I forgot to wear all my cave. Look at you. Come here. Let see you. You wanna go around? Look, get a photo of you. Everybody wants also, if you're looking to talk, please, did you talk to them about the only, what are we gonna do when we take, we gonna be strong? What does Tiffany have of yours? And what does Tiffany have of Myers? She's, she's got, she's got Marla's legs. We don't know whether or not she's got this part yet, but time will tell her.


Maya and Jasmine. My sister's name is Maya. She's usually Maya Chin. You always hold that. Okay. If you don't ll take you, you'll okay. Have Really beautiful, really beautiful is Paris Hilton, Paris Hilton. And I, I've known Paris Hilton from the time she's 12. She's hot. Her parents are friends of mine. And you know, the first time I saw her, she walked into room. And said, who the hell is that? Did you wanna bang her? I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show.


Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else and you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspecting. I wanna make sure that everyth you're like, is good. You're there. Yeah. The dresser is everyone. Okay. You know, they're standing there with Nolu. Is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women, and so I sort of of get away with things like That and just here's some clips of how Donald Trump talked about his daughter Ivanka play this clip. She does have a very nice figure. I've said that if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her. Ivanka, what's the favorite thing you have in common with your father, Either real estate or golf, Donald, with your daughter.


Well, I was going to say six, but I can't relate that to If I weren't happily married. And you know, her Father, my daughter Ivanka. Yeah. She's six feet tall. She's got the best body. By the way, your daughter, she's beautiful. What a, can I say this? A piece of ass? Yeah. She looks more voluptuous than ever. She's actually always been very voluptuous. Unbelievable. She's tall, she's almost six. You going up the escalator, I'm gonna be dating her in 10 years. And by the way, I, I've shared this before, Ivana's deposition testimony where she accused Donald Trump of raping her and then she took it back. And said that she didn't mean it in a literal sense, and she asked for a, a retraction in the book that reported on her deposition.


And she said, I didn't mean it in a literal sense after Trump's lawyers got got involved. And I think she had to sign a kind of a non-disclosure agreement or a, a legal agreement there. But you know, that's, this is, you know, the, this is the Pandora's box that JD Vance wants to chat about and, and, and talk about. You know, look, it's the same. JD Vance during that interview who said basically the polls are all rigged to suppress Republican votes right now, is what he said. Plan number. How does that not line up? Then with another poll? We got out this morning, Washington Post A, b, c, they're giving the vice president nationally a four to five point lead or I mean those are new numbers. So if you think the momentum is not swinging, or your inner in internal polls are suggesting differently, every other poll that's been released has shown great momentum in her direction.


You know, Shannon, I think there are a lot of polls that actually show her stagnating and leveling off. Of course, a BC Washington Post was a wildly inaccurate poll in the summer of 2020. And look, if you see the numbers that we are seeing and you actually talk to the American people, I feel extremely confident that we're gonna be in the right place come November. We can't worry about polls. We have to run through the finish line and encourage everybody to get out there and vote. But our message is going to be very simple. If you want to get back to the peace and prosperity, the rising take home pay, Donald Trump delivered it once and he can do it again. If you wanna double down on the failed policies that have delivered higher food prices and higher housing prices. Well, Kamala Harris has been vice president for three and a half years, and I guarantee she's gonna make the problem worse if the American people give her a promotion.


Okay, so let's this the thing we have to remember. One, one final point on, let me just say one final point on this, Shannon. 'cause I think it's important. Consistently what you've seen in 2016 and 2020 is that the media uses fake polls to drive down Republican turnout and to create dissension and conflict with Republican voters. I'm telling you, every single person who's watching this, the Trump campaign is in a very, very good spot. We're gonna win this race. We just have to run through the finish line. Okay? Well, jd, you allowed me to bring out those receipts, so that's who you want to talk about. That's the, you know, you wanna bring that up. You know, I know we all, you know, you all said the Epstein list.


Reveal the list. Okay. Well, Trump's all over it. He's on the call logs, he's on the message logs, he's on the flight logs during the Ghislaine Maxwell trial. Someone who was 14 years old at the time said that Epstein introduced her to Trump when she was 14. It's all over. It's all over. You have the list now it's in deposition testimony. Think about it. Hit subscribe. I want to get to 3 million subscribers this month, this week I want to get to 3 million. Let's do it. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.