
The NBA 82 game grind is done, and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck T what do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Yeah, there was lots of huffing and puffing in this interview. Terry Moran from a BC actually delivered an incredible pitch, perfect interview of Donald Trump. And Trump was fumbling and bubbling and just looked like an absolute idiot. This was a 100 day Trump interview and a BC reporter, I mean stepped up. I want you to watch what went down. Donald Trump claimed that Rego Garcia had MS 13 tattooed on his knuckles with the actual letter M, number 13 letter S, and it was clearly photoshopped. Like you can literally look at it and Donald Trump's like, no, it says MS 13, just watch this, play it.


He wasn't a member of a gang. And then they looked and on his knuckles he had MS 13. There's, there's a dispute of that. But wait a minute, wait a minute. He had MS 13 on his knuckles tattoos. He, he had some tattoos that are imp interpreted that way. But let's move on. Wait a minute. Hey, Terry, Terry, Terry. He did not have that. The letter MS one three, it says MS one three, that was photoshopped. So lemme just, that was photoshopped Terry, you can't do that. Hey, they're giving you the big break of a lifetime. You know, you're doing the interview. I picked you because frankly I never heard of you, but that's okay. I picked you, Terry, but you're not being very nice. He had MS 13 tattoo all we'll agree to disagree. I wanna move on to something else. Terry. Terry, do you want me to show you the picture?


I saw the picture. We'll, we'll, we'll agree to disagree you think was Photoshop. Here we go. Here we go. Don't Photoshop it. Go look at his hand. He had MS 13, he did have tattoos that can be interpreted that way. I'm not an expert on them. I want to turn to Ukraine. Sir Terry, I wanna to Ukraine. No, no, no, no. He had MSS as clear as you can be. Not interpreted. This is why people no longer believe, well the news, because he's fake news. When he was photograph in El Sal in in El Salvador. They aren't there, but let's just go. He, they aren't there when he's in El Sal there. Oh, oh, they take a look at the photograph. They're there now, right? No, they're now they're in your picture. Terry Ukraine, sir. He's got MS 13 on his knuckles. Alright. Okay. Well, we'll take a look at that. It's, you look such a disservice.


We'll take a look at that, sir. Why don't you just say it? Yes he does. And you know, go onto something else. It's contested. Next up, Donald Trump lies and claims that tourism is way up and it's going so good when we all know that tourism is crashing again, it's just the most easy thing to prove as a lie. But hear Donald Trump saying that things are great and it's going to get better. Play this clip. And Canadians, many of them are really angry, furious about your talk about we're gonna take over, Canada's gonna become the 51st state. Let's, and it kind of is of a piece. A lot of travel is down into the United States from around the world. We're doing it. It feels like there's been reputational damage.


Country's doing great. Well, prices are down, not the tourism. Gasoline's down energy's down. Tourism is gonna be way up. Wait till you see the numbers. The tourism is way up. I know now Canada, oh shoot, tourism's doing very well. We're doing very well. We're doing very well. Wait till you see the real numbers come out in about in six months from now. Wait till you see the numbers. But do you think, I'm gonna ask you if I may, do you think that, And you literally have a lot of the world boycotting travel and tourism into the United States. Canada's gone elbows up. They ain't showing up here. Like we, we know this. Like there's actual data reflecting of this. Europeans aren't showing up here. Australians aren't. People from across the world, south America, central America, Mexico, elsewhere, really are not trying to come here because they don't want to be put in detention centers if they're tourists or sent to concentration camps and get cavity searched and just put in detention centers for weeks on end.


Donald Trump then talks about the suffering that people are feeling right now is what they signed up for. He promised suffering. He says, here, play this clip concern Out there. People are worried, even some people who voted for you saying, I didn't sign up for this. So how do you answer those concerns? Well, they did sign up for it actually. And this is what I campaigned on. I said that we've been abused by other countries at levels that nobody's ever seen before. We were losing three to $5 billion a day on trade. Trump then talks about the 145% tariffs on China as a very good thing, And that he thinks it's great. So for everyone who keeps saying, oh, we're we're, we're moving closer to a deal with China.


No, we're not. You're just manipulating the markets here. Play this clip Secretary. We basically have an embargo on China. Look, you're trying. And I had to say something's gonna happen, Terry. No, no. Okay, well you, nothing's gonna happen. You know, business, I want to ask you, I wanna ask you, Kevin, I do know business and so 145% tariffs on China and, And that is, that's good. Basically an embargo's good, they deserve it. It'll raise prices on everything they deserve. Electronics to clothing, to building houses. You don't know that. You don't know whether or not China's gonna eat. That's mathematics. China probably will eat those tariffs. But at 145, they basically can't do much business with the United States. And they were making from us a trillion dollars a year. They were ripping us off like nobody's ever ripped us off.


And by the way, we have other countries that were just as bad. If you look at the European Union, it was terrible what they've done to us. Every country, almost every country in the world was ripping us off. But I they're not doing that anymore. I want You to think of next up, you have Donald Trump admitting that he weaponizes the DOJ. Let's play this clip. Did Biden know anything about it? Okay, fair enough. But you are the president now. Yes. And I'm asking the justification for going after people. You don't like it. No, no. That is people that I think are dishonest. It's not that I don't, I don't even know most of 'em. They're people that I think think, are these people make you angry? No, it's not anger. These are people that I think are very dishonest. I don't think they're worthy of being able to go into top secret information.


I think that's fine. And Biden did that with many of our people. But when you look at it, these are people that I don't think are worthy of. That's my decision. It's not a question of anger.


Okay, let's talk about genes. You know, those stiff, uncomfortable leg prisons that cost a fortune, squeeze all the wrong places and make bending over a high stakes operation? Yeah, I used to hate jeans too. Then I tried theperfectjean and let me tell you, I have seen the light. I'm talking about jeans that stretch, jeans that move, jeans that don't crush your delicate assets. No more saggy diaper, but no more stiff unforgiving denim. These bad boys are soft as a baby's bottom. I mean, who knew jeans could actually be this comfortable. I can bend, stretch, run errands, breakout dance moves. I have no business attempting. And yeah, I look damn good doing it as well. And here's the best part. These don't cost $200, $150 or even a hundred dollars. Theperfectjean is just 79 99 and honestly worth every penny. The fit is spot on. They've got sizes for everyone and they actually make me want to wear jeans again. For a limited time, our listeners get 15% off their first order plus free shipping at theperfectjean dot nyc or Google Theperfectjean and use code Midas 15 for 15% off. That's 15% off. For new customers at Theperfectjean, do NYC with promo code Midas 15 M-E-I-D-A-S 15. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you f your khakis and get theperfectjean.


Donald Trump then claims that the main message of his campaign was, hang tough. It won't be easy. Do you remember, was that the message of Donald Trump's campaign? Hang tough. It won't be easy. You think that's what he said? Play this clip. A couple of you said something a couple weeks ago that that struck me. You said, concerning the tariffs, which economists say are gonna raise prices, you said quote, hang tough, it won't be easy. You said that to the American people. Is that what Americans should expect Some hard times? I've said these during my campaign. Look, we won a campaign by a lot. We won all seven swing states. We won the popular vote by a lot. You know, we had a tremendous campaign.


I said all these things during my campaign. I said, you're gonna have a transition period. We've been ripped off by every country all over the world. They're laughing at us. They thought we were stupid people And we were. And I I told you, I mean, this is a good, this is a good interview. He, he did a good, a great good job. This interview. Terry Moran then talks about how, like what's your message to small businesses like, okay, you're giving favors to Apple, like they can negotiate exemptions to tariffs, but like, what's your plan for small businesses? And Trump's like it, I don't, it doesn't matter. Apple's doing great. Play this Clinton. So your message to those small businesses who are saying, we can't live a month, two months with these tariffs.


Apple got a big deal. Is there something for them? No. No, not only Apple. We've got seven to $8 trillion being invested in our country in two months. Biden didn't have that over a year. I mean, If you look at Biden, nobody was really investing in this country. Everybody was ripping off our country. Apple's putting up $500 billion, but that's only one of many companies. Companies are flooding into our country right now. So your answer to the concern about the tariffs is everything's gonna be hunky dory, everything's gonna be just fine. It wouldn't have been if I didn't do this, I had AdChoices, I could leave it to have a nice easy time. But I think ultimately you would've had an implosion. Our country had inflation that was worse than they've ever had it before.


You don't mention that. Why don't you mention that we had the worst inflation probably in the history of our country. People say four. I mean, when, when you watch this, right? Like doesn't it look like a deranged individual? Like, like it literally, like this is the guy who's controlling the economy, who thinks a photoshopped MS 13 is, is real when it's obvious. It's obviously Photoshopped. Who's saying tourism is up when it's down? Like we all see this like, like who we talk about that this is like a demented individual. Then Donald Trump tries to throw his lawyers under the bus and says that when it comes to providing due process, he doesn't know anything about that.


His lawyers do play this clip Here, including terrorists by the way now. But the law, did we give them a hearing when they came in? Well, the law requires that every single person who is going to be deported gets a hearing first. Well, do you acknowledge that I, I'll have to ask the lawyers about that. All I can say is this. If you are gonna have 21 million people And we have to get a lot of 'em out because they're criminals, we're gonna have to act fast. We can't wait. Wait, do you think we can give 21 million trials? Let's say each trial takes two weeks. Is that what you want us to do? The law give 20? The law is the law. Your the law doesn't said anything about trials. No, not trials. Hearings. I said hearings. These people came in.


They're not citizens. They came in illegally. They came into a country illegally And we have to get 'em out. There's a legal process for that. I can't. Sure. And we follow the legal process. I can't, I can't have a trial, a a major trial. I'm saying every person that came in illegally. We have Then Donald Trump's is asked a very simple question. If he recommends that parents get their kids vaccinated for measles and Trump's like, ah, let's leave it to the governors. I don't know, play this clip. That's a Sense because people aren't getting their children vaccinated. Do you recommend to parents that they get their children vaccinated for measles? Well, I recommend the governors to make the decisions. You have a very talented governor of Texas and he's making decisions and those decisions are gonna be made rapidly.


This is a very much different thing than covid in terms of rep rapidity and speed and other things. Measles have been with us a long time. And I'm not saying good, bad, or indifferent, I'm just saying that the governors are making the decision. It's a federalist decision. The the president is, is our leader in so many ways. And your voice counts so much. Yeah. And you can't tell moms and dads. Yeah, it's a good thing. Oh, to get a measles, do I recommend it? Yes. Yes, I do. I recommend it. Yeah. Got it. That was my question. Do I mandate it? No, no, no. I didn't ask. But I do recommend it. Yes. Good. Do you think your and I have recommended it, do you think the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Who has a history of, at the very least vaccine skepticism, do you think Kennedy recommends the measles vaccine?


He did. He did. He recommended it. Yeah, he did. He recommended he satisfied with his. Yeah, I mean he responses recommended that they go out and get the vaccine. Okay. Yeah. I truly believe that. You could ask this guy any question and he'll say something crazy like, I think you can say what color is the sky? I, I have a tell the governors what year is it? Do you think it's 2025, right? What a fake question. Like I truly think that If you asked him anything like, like he, he is someone who clearly is not, you know, I'm, I'm not trying to give him an out by trying to say, oh, cognitive issues, but like, he's a liar.


He's dangerous, he's vile, he's a sexual abuser, he's a felon, he's a fraud. And he's also seems to also be cognitively decline. I mean, you see it, it's crazy here. You've got Donald Trump saying that he thinks that Putin wants to stop the war here, play this Clinton Be he could be tapping me along a little bit. I would say that he would like to stop the war. I think that if, if it weren't for me, I think he'd want to take over the whole country. Personally, I always felt so when I left, there wasn't even a chance that this would happen when Biden got involved. I won't say whether or not he handled it properly, but obviously it wasn't good because the war started.


Putin went in the war started, I believe that Putin wanted to get all of Ukraine once he went in. And I think part of the reason he went in, he saw what happened in Afghanistan, how incompetent, how incompetently, Millie and all these guys handled that. It was one of the greatest embarrassments of, of our lifetimes, but maybe in the history of our country. Okay, so Putin went in, I think Putin wanted all of Ukraine, right? I think if I didn't win the election, he would have gotten all of Ukraine. I think he would've taken all of Ukraine. I think his first choice. And then Donald Trump praises Doge, he says, for saving hundreds of billions of dollars. When they said they were gonna save 2 trillion, actually federal spending is up now more federal spending now under Trump than under former President Biden.


And Doge has added like 150 billion to our deficit here, play this clip. There were some things where when I heard about him, I, I put 'em back as you know, there are things that I'm considering right now putting back, but overall we've saved hundreds of billions of dollars. Well, the original promise was 2 trillion went to 1 trillion. Now it's 150 billion in heading. Well, you don't know what it's gonna be because we have things that are very, at a very high level that are being looked at right now. We also found tremendous waste, fraud and abuse as you know, we found a lot of fraud. There was a lot of fraud, fraudulent things were taking place And we ended that. And those people are gonna be suffering because of it. Just a legal note, fraud is a crime.


There have been no referrals to the Justice Department on any case. Well, you don't know that, do you? How do you know that? Have there been referrals to the, are there referrals? How would you know that? That there were no referrals? I think there were referrals. There's, they generally are, there's been no investigation from the justice. How you know that? I'm asking you sir. No, you're not asking me. You made a statement. You're not asking me now. I'm asking you. There was a statement that you made. There had been, I'm asking you, have there been? Yes, there have. So there have been referrals for fraud from the work department. Of course they have been. Take a look at some of these things that took place. Billions of dollars. We give it to people for no reason whatsoever. Okay. Of course they have been, I wanna bring up, And then finally Donald Trump is asked about the law firms that he's going after.


And here's what he says. You've gone after law firms because they've employed people you don't like or they have represented people you like. Well, they obviously agreed because they paid me a lot of money. Well, the reason they agreed is because you were threatening to destroy their business with your executive order. That said, you can't represent clients for the federal government. No, that's big. That's their bread and butter. These are big boys. These are big, these are the biggest, most powerful lawyers. These are not people. You got a lot of leverages the intimidated as president. You've got all the cards mean they paid hundreds of millions of dollars because they felt, I guess they probably felt they did something wrong. You know, it was for survival, sir. No, it is. You are crushing the business. These, these firms are very powerful firms and there's 15 of 'em.


And these are firms that probably look, you have to ask them. In fact, this is a separate story. You have to ask them, why did you all pay Trump hundreds of millions of dollars in services, et cetera. Why did you do that? I don't know. You don't think that we have a clause in the thing that while we admit no wrongdoing, but you know, it's like one of those things. And now I'm friendly with those firms, but it's, you know, these are the most powerful firms in the world and they just signed whatever I put in front of 'em. I've never seen anything like it. I'm, I'm actually surprised myself in a certain way, but they obviously felt they probably did something wrong.


I guess that's why they signed. I guess the question out of that is, the concern that people have are, are you using your powers as president to get personal revenge? No. I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what you should not, you're really not asking, and you should be asking. There has never been a president in this country in the history that was persecuted. Like I was persecuted by really crooked people, dishonest, horrible people. And it's been proven. So when you say I'm treating people rough, I'm not treating people rough. I was treated worse than any president in the history of our country. And, you know, people figured, well, maybe that's it.


Finally we got, you know, he's leaving town. There goes the helicopter. And then I came back and I came back because I have tremendous support. You know, when you win an election, like I wanted, and you will admit, I won all seven swing states. I won the popular vote. I won 700, let's see, 2,750 districts compared to 500 districts. That's why the map is all read. And those people feel that I was treated unfairly. But is that What I mean? What in the world are we watching? Like, we all have to look at that and go again, this shouldn't be a political thing. Like that ain't a normal person.


Like that's not behavior that, that's not the way adults behave. Like that is somebody who honestly you would expect to see in. I don't even want to go there, but you get it Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to, I, I don't want to go there 'cause I don't want to give it an out. And as someone who needs to be held accountable and frankly anyone who aids in ab bets this thing in many ways, I feel like is even worse. Tell me what you think in the comments. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store at Midas touch.com.