
I just saw some new incredible ads that are absolutely shredding. Donald Trump. I want to share them with you like this one right here by George Conway's Antis psychopath pack. This may be one of my favorite ads of this political season. Here play this clip. Hey, Donald. Governor Chris Nunu called Trump crazy, But he's all your friends, all the people that have worked with you. He's A very, very flawed Man. They all think you're nuts. The man ca cannot tell the truth, but he combines it with being a narciss. He's a populist, authoritarian narcissist. Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the United States Country. Can't be a therapy session for a troubled man like Governor Sununu called Trump crazy and said if he was in a mental institution, he wouldn't Get out I to turn over the nuclear codes of the United States to an erratic individual.


That's Serious character issues. He constantly engages a reckless conduct, Doesn't. He starts to say these wacky things, but he's not yet to be president of the United States. A consummate Narcissist. A narcissist at a level. I don't think this country's ever seen. Donald Trump's literally insane. And I think people are scared of him and they should be scared of Him. He's Wholly unfit to be president of the United States in every way. You can think of every way you can Think of. Learn more@psychopath.org. Antis Psychopath PAC Inc. Is responsible for the content of this advertising. Yeah, that was great. How about this one right here by the Republican voters against Trump highlighting Republican voters against Trump? play this clip.


Donald Trump's back and he's out for control. I Would have every right to go after them Complete control. I will wield that power very aggressively And he has a plan to get it Detailed plans for exactly what our movement will do. It's called Project 2025. A 922 page blueprint to make Donald Trump the most powerful president ever. Overhauling the Department of Justice, giving Trump the unchecked power to seek vengeance. Eliminating the Department of Education and defunding K through 12 schools requiring the government to monitor women's pregnancies and severe cuts to Medicare and social security.


Donald. Trump may try to deny it, but those are Donald Trump's plans. Well, revenge does take time. I will say that. And sometimes revenge can be justified. He'll take control. We'll pay the price. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Vice President Kamala. Harris is out with a great ad that's running in swing states. Here it is, as she talks about Donald Trump's project 2025, play the clip. Have You been to the cross and said, Lord, I have sinned. I'm sorry for my sin. I'm willing to change my way of life. Have you ever asked God for forgiveness?


That's a tough question. I'm not sure I have. I just, I don't bring God into that picture. I don't. Evangelicals for Harris released the following ad in an effort to appeal to evangelical voters. play this clip. I'm a two-time Trump voter in 2024. I cannot support Donald Trump. Trump Is 100% responsible for January 6th. If there's treatment of women.


It's just disgusting. Trump called service men suckers and losers. If Trump has a second term, it'll be much worse than the first Kamala. Harris is a prosecutor. He's A convicted felon. So in 2024, I will be, I will be. I will be proudly voting for Kamala Harris Republican Accountability. Pac is responsible for the content of this advertising. I think I showed you this one before, but I think it's great. Congress member Eric Swalwell put out this one now that it's back to school season, play this clip. History shows what happens when leaders use hate to consolidate power. I'm Gonna be a dictator. Donald Trump praises dictators and follows their playbook while he politicizes religion and incites hatred toward Jews.


Any Jewish person that votes for Democrats hates their religion. As Republican leaders demand control over women's bodies and weaken democracy, our freedoms have never been more at risk. The time to stand up to hate and fascism is now, before it's too late, An organization called Jewish Dems put out the following ad, showing how Donald Trump follows the dictator's playbook. Let's play this clip right here. It's been nine long years. The stress, the tension, the lies and division, the attacks on our lives, our rights, our sanity, family and friends lost to the conspiracies and the cruelty, all from one man and the movement he controls, but it's almost over.


We can see the finish line. A new America, a new dawn, a new start. Unity, joy, strength, it's coming, but we're not done yet. There's hard work ahead, but we take nothing for granted. Trump is failing. America is winning. We're close. It's coming now. It's up to you. Volunteer, give vote because there's nothing more patriotic than standing up for the America. We can be.


Support for today's episode comes from Oneskin. Did you have a little too much fun in the sun this summer? It's no secret that UV rays could take a toll on our skin, leaving it dry, tired, and less vibrant. If you wanna hit the undo button on UV induced aging, say hello to Oneskin, your secret weapon against the summer's toll on your skin. Oneskin products are powered by the revolutionary OS zero one peptide. This proprietary peptide is scientifically proven to reduce senescent cells, which are a central source of skin aging. Their groundbreaking research has shown that it can actually reverse the biological age of your skin by several years healthier, more youthful looking skin doesn't just look great, which we all want obviously, but it's good for your overall health too. As the leaves change color, this fall help your skin undergo its own transformation with Oneskin. Their products work tirelessly to repair, rejuvenate and erase the signs of summer damage, ensuring you step into this new season with the healthiest skin of your life. Personally, I've been using Oneskin on both my face and my body. I'm really impressed. My skin feels more hydrated smoother, and there's a noticeable improvement in texture. I thought it would help, but honestly, it has exceeded my expectations. It's amazing how powerful this product really is, and I've even noticed some unexpected benefits like how much better and firmer my skin feels. Oneskin is the world's first skin longevity company. They address skin health at the molecular level, targeting the root causes of aging so your skin behaves, feels and appears younger. It's time to get started with your new face, eye, and body routine at a discounted rate today, get 15% off with code Midas at Oneskin dot co. That's 15% off at OneSkin. Do co with code Midas MEIDAS. And after you purchase, they're gonna ask where you heard about them. So please support our show and tell them that we sent you. We only have one body, Oneskin and only you.


My friends at the Lincoln Project put out the following ad called Stress play. this clip My generation dreams about what everybody dreams about. Starting a family, owning a home, building a life with stability and having hard work payoff. People ask why we're not married, why we're not having kids, why we don't own a home. It's because no matter how hard we work, big banks, big tech, big insurance companies find a way to screw us. They raise their prices and get bailed out when they screw up. We're not asking for a handout or a bailout. We just want the chance to make it have someone in our corner who fights for us, someone who gives a damn will take on the people gouging us and win.


And that's someone is Kamala Harris. I will fight to give money back to working and middle class Americans In this election. We're not just choosing a candidate, we're choosing a future. And then within hours after that, they've been busy At the Lincoln Project, they put up this ad called Time for Us play this clip. Senator Kamala Harris. Thank you. It's great to be back at TSU. So I plan on spending tonight talking with you about my plans to address the problems that keep you up at night.


But first, I have a few words for Donald Trump, who we all know is watching. So President Trump, you've spent the last two and a half years full-time trying to sow hate and division among us as, and that is why we've gotten nothing done. You have used hate, intimidation, fear, and over 12,000 lies as a way to distract from your failed policies and your broken promises. The only reason you've not been indicted is because there was a memo in the Department of Justice that says A sitting president cannot be charged with a crime. But here's what you don't get. What you don't get is that the American people are so much better than this.


and we know that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us, regardless of our race where we live, or the party with which we're registered to vote. And I plan on focusing on our common issues, our common hopes and desires. And in that way, unifying our country, winning this election and turning the page for America. And now President Trump, you can go back to watching Fox News. Now what I'm about to show you is not an ad, but it might as well be. This is vice President Kamala Harris during the primary debates back in 2020 or so.


And here she is making the case against Donald Trump back then. Expect to see this during the debate. Next week, let's play this clip. We will be creating so much electricity that you'll be saying, please, please, president. We don't want any more electricity. We can't stand it. You'll be begging me no more electricity. Sir, As someone you're thinking of hiring, promising things that sound too good to be true. I could stop wars with a telephone call Do their facts and figures not add up Actually beyond the number of a hundred percent. It's a much higher number than that. But Does, the candidate seem self absorbed.


People Have come up to me and they say, sir, thank you sir. thank you sir. I, want to thank you. You've made me a hero to my wife and to my family. In, all likelihood you've encountered the malignant narcissist. Malignant narcissism is a severe personality disorder that pairs the self absorbed behavior of narcissists with the unfeeling manipulation of sociopaths, Unlike. those who simply enjoy recognition from their peers. The malignant narcissist is driven by a desire to dominate for personal gain. And, there are red flags you can look out for. Like do they have an unrealistic view of their own importance? I have been the best president for the black population since Abraham Lincoln.


Do they only regard other people as tools for personal gain? I don't care about you, I just want your vote. I don't care. Do They lack empathy even for children? Actually, I was only kidding. You can get the baby out. I, I think she might believe me that I love having a baby crying while I'm speaking. Do they speak with an excessive use of superlatives? Who are the best and who are the worst? Best? The worst. Biggest, biggest, biggest. Lowest. Best, best, best. I find it to be about the worst. If the candidate you're interviewing exhibits some or all of these red flags, trust your instincts and show them the door Your organization deserves. An employee that can lead with integrity and respect. Stay vigilant. Look for the red flags.


Yeah, she did not hold back there. And I might as well show you a short that we produced at the Midas Touch Network. Huh? Let me show you this one here. And you know what? Just for the sake of showing you how Midas Touch started, one of our very first ads back in 2020 that we made called Trump the snake. Play the clip. Who has heard the poem called The Snake? My father gave me a small loan of a million dollars well Documented and severe financial downturn in the past year. You, you know about sexual predators and things like that, right? I mean, you are one. Alright.


It's more than anger. It's hatred. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists down the path. Along the lake. A kindhearted woman saw a poor half frozen stake. You'll absolutely love Trump stakes. More Than 150 former students alleged Trump University was a fraud, Persistently illegal conduct at the President's charity. Take me in O tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in o tender woman sigh. The vicious state which denounced what happened in 2016. President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial. Today, He withheld the money, he withheld the meeting.


He used it to coerce Ukraine to do these political investigations. The American Embassy and Baghdad under siege. He stroked his pretty skin again and held him tight. The Chinese government awarded Ivanka Trump's brand, seven new trademarks. Their pack of Griffus, his campaign managers got two condos of Ferrari, a yacht. And they're all just fleeing the campaign. That snake gave her a vicious bite. The OD virus. This is their new hoax. The US now leading the world in death. No, I don't take responsibility at all. This is a great success story. I have saved you pride, the woman, and you've bitten the heavens.


Why? You know your bite is poisonous. And now I'm going to die. We want to terminate healthcare, right? And then I see the disinfectant. Shut up. Silly woman said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in. There you have it. Let me know what you all think. Tell me which one was your favorite. Rank 'em in the comments below. Or just if you liked them all, tell 'em.


Tell me you liked them all. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.