
Ryan Reynolds here for I. guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean honestly. when I started this I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How, are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


What just took place in Detroit, Michigan was historic vice President Kamala Harris joined by her V pick Governor. Tim Walls drew a crowd so large over 50,000 RSVPs. They had to move to a special hangar at the Detroit Airport to accommodate all of the people. You see the plane arriving there. I wanna show you one of the most iconic moments of the speech that the Midas Touch Network was broadcasting live when there was a heckler in the crowd. vice President Kamala Harris laid down the law. Watch this. He intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis, and he intends to end the Affordable Care Act.


You know what? If you want Donald Trump to win, then say that. Otherwise I'm speaking.


A lot of comments coming in Right now, Nicole Martin goes doing more with that one look than any and all of Donald Trump's rantings combined. Mariah writes this gave me goosebumps, goosebumps. God, I f-ing lover. She already had my vote, but damn fire. That's why Trump will never ever want to debate her. Going back to the speech by vice President, Kamala Harris, and Governor Walls in Detroit. Here was another moment right here where vice President, Kamala Harris responded to the crowd chanting Lock Donald. Trump up.


Lock him up. Play the clip. I know Donald Trump's tight. I know it's tight. In fact, I've been dealing with people like him my whole career, for example, as Attorney General of California. Well, hold on the, you know what? The courts are gonna handle that part of it. What we're gonna do is beat him in November. One of the speakers before Kamala Harris was Sean Fayne the president of the UAW, and take a look what he had to say about Donald Trump.


I see dead People play the clip. That's right. You know, every time Donald Trump gets a chance, he trashes our union and he trashes the working class. He comes to Michigan, he talks about he's gonna bring back the auto industry. Let me tell you something. Donald Trump doesn't know shit about the auto industry. And there was this very special moment during vice President Kamala Harris speech where the crowd was chanting. Thank you to President Joe Biden. Let's play that clip Today.


I also bring greetings from our incredible President, Joe Biden. That's right. And I know we are deeply, deeply grateful to Joe for his lifetime of service to our nation. And we thank you Joe Biden each and every day for all you are and all you still have yet To do.


Thank you, Joe. Thank you. So thank you. Thank you, Zoe. Thank you Zoe. Thank you Zoe. Thank you. I'm gonna tell him what you said.


The best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store. It's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the Moink movement. Today. Moink delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Moink Farmers farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Moink meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the Moink difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, Moink gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breasts, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus, you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Moink is helping save rural America. Join the Moink movement today, and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Moink Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Simonov, jumped at the chance to invest in Moink Plus. They guarantee you'll say Oink. Oink. I'm just so happy I got Moink. I know I do. And you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink box.com/midas. Touch Right now and listeners of our show Get free Hot Rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's Moink box.com/midas. Touch one more time. Moink box.com/midas. Touch


another one of my favorite moments of this speech in Detroit, Michigan. Governor Walls talking about the amount of days we have until the election, and he was one day off, but he said, look, it's 'cause I've been working like hell and we are going to continue to fight every day and we will rest when we're dead. Here. Play this clip. By the Way, we got about 91 days and I keep telling people this 91 days, my God, you can do anything for 91 days. 90 90 days. Christ, I haven't slept in 24 hours. You know, you know why? We'll sleep when we're dead.


We'll sleep when we're dead. Feel the energy there though. Incredible energy. Here's Governor Walls again where he says, you know, the unforgivable thing about these magos is that they took away our joy. They tried to steal our happiness. Play the clip. This is what we know. All the things that wake me mad about those other guys and all the things they do wrong. The one thing that I will not forgive them for is they're trying to steal the joy from this country. They try and steal the joy. But you know what? You know what?


Our next president brings the joy? She emanates the joy. You know, one of my good buddies texted me earlier in the day, the following, and I just wanna read it again for you, right Now. he writes to me, Hey Ben, you know what's funny? So much of campaigning is so effing dark and ominous and angry and scary. So if vice President, Kamala, Harris, and Governor Walls can legitimately inject some of the joy that he's talking about, I wonder if people would recognize how powerful that can be. The normal people in America don't want to be dreading S word constantly.


A lot of people in the middle will vote for genuine optimism and thought that was very powerful. What he said. It stuck with me. That's why I wanted to share it with you again. I'm here. Lieutenant Governor Gilchrist talks about how very tiny and small-minded Donald Trump is like tinier than you ever think. Here, play the clip. Y'all can't even imagine how small-minded Donald Trump is. Like he's smaller than you think. His running make Jie Vance is too afraid of the future to have you be a part of it.


Here's another powerful moment by the president of the UAW Sean Fain. Let's play this clip. They talk about who you love, where you're from, or how you look. The working class has been left behind and I don't, I don't know how you feel, but I'm angry Here. vice President Kamala Harris talking about specific policies that are important to her and her running mate. Governor Walls and this country play the clip. We lowered the cost of living for America's families.


So they have a chance not just to get by, but to get ahead. 'cause look, while our economy is doing well by many measures, prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high. You know it, and I know it. When I was Attorney General, I went after price fixing schemes. And when I am president, it will be my day one priority to fight, to bring down prices, to take on the big corporations that engage in illegal price gouging, take on corporate landlords that unfairly raise rents on working families to take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all Americans.


That is the work we will do together. And all of this to say, unlike Donald Trump, I will always put the middle class and working families first. By the way, this photo was unearthed earlier today. Trump flying on a private jet with Kevin Roberts, the leader of his project 2025 agenda, despite Donald Trump claiming he has quote, no idea who's in charge of it. Donald Trump then said, his project 2025 architects will quote, lay the groundwork and detail plans for exactly what his administration and movement would do.


So take all of the joy and the happiness and the energy I showed you in that prior, in those prior clips, compare it to this video that was just unearthed of Donald Trump praising Project 2025, play the clip. 'cause our country is going to hell. The critical job of institutions such as is to lay the groundwork. And heritage does such an incredible job at that. And I'm telling you with with Kevin and the staff, and I met so many of 'em now, I took pictures with among the most handsome, beautiful people I've ever seen. I didn't like that picture. If you could lose that picture, please would you, Kevin?


But this is a great no. He says I won't do that. But this is a great group and they're gonna lay the groundwork and detail plans for exactly what our movement will do and what your movement will do when the American people give us a colossal mandate to save America. And that's coming. That's coming And talking about that joy. Here is a moment that I want to share with you. This is when vice President, Kamala Harris came out on stage. Look at this moment, let's play it. Good Evening, We got this.


We gonna do this. We're doing this. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Okay, come on. We got things.


We got business to handle. We got business to handle. Good evening, everybody. Good evening, good evening, good evening. You know, I want to check what our competition is doing. At the same time we were broadcasting the Kamala Harris speech live, it looks like on M-S-N-B-C that Ari Melbourne had Stephen Miller on. Let me give corporate media some advice. Right. now you know how y'all always play the Donald Trump speeches. You know how y'all give him exorbitant amount of attention? You know how you run his press conferences many times unfiltered.


There's a historic moment going on in American history, Right now, the joy, the positivity, the defense of our democracy. This movement rallying around vice President, Kamala, Harris, and Governor Walls and everything they stand for. It is sweeping the nation. So I don't, here's my advice. Why don't you play these speeches? Why don't you actually show the news? Show people what is actually happening out there versus engaging in self-serving debates with mangas who are just gonna spew a bunch of BS and nonsense.


And even if you win the debate, which I'm sure you are a good debater, what is that doing? How is that moving us forward as a nation? Enough of this mac of nonsense? And as Governor Wall said, these are the people who are trying to take the joy from us, take away our smiles, take away our happiness, make us feel bad, and make us feel pain enough. We're not going back. I'm Ben Marcellus. This is the Midas Touch Network. This is your destination for pro-democracy news. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. It's free to subscribe to this channel, tell others about it as well.


Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.