
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


If you have kids or pets, you know stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com Today.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the Dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william. Where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code, listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 Plus and Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Archable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I'll let the American people decide who the weirdos are because I think we know. Yeah, this hearing went off the rails very quickly. Marjorie Taylor Green is the chairwoman of the Doge committee here. The hearing that was held was called Unfair Play Keeping Men Out of Women's Sports. And it focused on USA fencing, which receives literally zero federal funding and you know, with Marjorie Taylor Greene as the chairwoman of this committee, that it was going to go off the rails and get unhinged very, very quickly. So she just takes her gavel and just starts banging it over and over again as Democrats are just trying to reclaim their time and ask questions.


Watch how unhinged Marjorie Taylor Greene is here, play this clip. Stand with you with the lgbtq plus community will stand with you and you can drums all you want. Madam Chair. But we stand with the LGBTQ plus community. Well she's always completely un unhinged. So bizarre. You know who, who are the weirdos? They're Marjorie Taylor Green. You may wanna look in the mirror. I wanna show you this moment here though, where Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett had the most incredible que series of questioning. She said, okay, let's play a game. Congresswoman Crockett said, she goes, let's call it Trump or trans and let's see who's really hurting the American people here play this clip.


So Ms. Goss Graves, I wanna play a game. It's called Trump or trans. You ready? Okay, so I'm gonna ask you a question and I want you to tell me whether or not it is Trump or trans people that are responsible. You understand? Got it. Okay, very good. The first one, gutted medical research Trump Kidnapping Americans and sending them to foreign countries. AKA deporting them. Trump Driving us into a recession. Trump Increasing the cost of everything. Trump Waging an idiotic tariff war. Trump Harming farmers. Trump Ignoring the constitution. Trump Proposing to take away social security.


Trump cutting Healthcare, Trump Firing government workers who keep our country safe. Trump Encouraging an environment of hate and divisiveness. Trump, Thank you so much. This committee could be engaged in ac actual oversight of fraud, waste, abuse and mismanagement. So let's talk about waste. Like Trump's plan to spend almost a hundred million dollars for his little birthday parade or how he spent 25% of his first a hundred days golfing, costing taxpayers tens of millions of dollars. In fact, it's a little bit over 30 million at our last estimation. In fact, president Trump is on pace to spend more than a billion dollars of taxpayer dollars just on golfing.


Yet the Republicans have been silent. So they must think spending taxpayer dollars on the President's golfing trips is more important than providing healthcare to their constituents. And when I talk About constituents, we gonna talk about the ones on this committee And, and then over here more Marjorie Taylor Greene yelling at Democratic Congress members and saying, you, you, you're taking my time. You don't have the ability to speak. Just watch how odd this is. Play this clip. The gentle lady's time has expired. I also wanna acknowledge your, The gentle lady's Time has expired. I now recognize, do we not have Ms. McClain? You spoke for minute Michigan allocated time. You took a minute of my time wasting my time on a non-point of order.


The gentle lady's time is expired. I now Mad running During the point of Your time was not wasted. And to the trans, I now recognize We stand with you with the LGBTQ community. We stand with you and you can raise eardrums all you want, Madam Chair. But we stand with the LGBTQ plus community and you can me till order This. This hearing will come to order it. This hearing will come to order. Madam Chair, This hearing will come to order. Madam Chair, This hearing will come to order. I now recognize the Point of Order. Ms. McClain for Michigan. I just have a point of Order. Thank you Madam Chair. And yeah, this committee that Marjorie Taylor Green's chairing goes more off the rails.


Let's play this clip. Point of order. Ms. McClain From Michigan. I just have a point of Order. Thank you Madam Chair. Lemme tell you Madam Chair, I just was, I had a point of order, order could, could we just have the timekeeper, you know, log the time between both the Democrats and Republicans and then we rebalanced them so that we each have equal time? That's, that's pretty basic. We'll we will, we will consider that. Thank you. That's no, you took a minute of my time. Alright, that's Not a suggestion. Those of the rules. Enough, enough, enough? No, no, no, no. You're wasting your time. That's not either. We go Equal time. We're out here, We're keeping equal time the door open. Okay. Ms. McClain from Michigan is now recognized.


Thank you Madam Chair. Let me tell you what I'm here for Now. There was one moment as well and this just shows you how deceitful these MAGA Republicans are. So one of the people who were subpoenaed to show up is a guy named Damien Lafe and he's the chairman of the board of USA Fencing. Now you may say USA fencing, but what the hell are they even doing here? Well, one of the state regime media Fox things that they were pushing was like two years ago or something, that there was a transgender fencing person and that the transgender fencing person was this major scandal.


So this was on Fox all of the time. So as a result of Fox, basically doxing, this chairman of USA fencing, because there was a, I think one transgender fencing person, and I don't think it was even recently. This guy got death threats, LA felt got death threats over and over again. The head of USA fencing. So they subpoena him to try to attack him and then they try to defame him. So the MAGA Republicans show a photo of him that makes it look like he's giving the camera the middle finger, but they manipulate the image where if you actually look at what the image is, you'll see that he was showing two fingers but they chop it off.


So it looks like he's giving the middle finger. This is how deceitful and devious these MAGA Republicans are. Play this clip. Now one big fight, Martha has been over a picture of the chairman chairwoman Marjorie Taylor Greene actually brought it up during the hearing and Democrats said this was a big misrepresent representation. Watch this. Mr. Lael came in here today saying that this is game day. You're right Mr. Lael, this is game day. The document that you have up behind you is a misrepresentation of the actual post. It appears that you're trying to misrepresent a witness here who you use subpoena power.


Folks, I'm sure you hear me talk a lot about my family here on the Midas Touch Network. And in order to give me the peace of mind that I'm protecting my family's future, it's important that I make sure that I have the best life insurance that I can get for them. And so I use PolicyGenius 'cause PolicyGenius makes finding and buying life insurance Simple. Ensuring that your loved ones have a financial safety net they can use to cover debts and routine expenses. With PolicyGenius you can find life insurance policy starting at just $276 a year for $1 million in coverage. It's an easy way to protect the people you love and feel good about the future. You know, I've been promoting PolicyGenius now for a while on the Midas Touch Network. I get great feedback from everybody who's tried it and I think you'll find the process seamless. I think it'll give you the peace of mind that you want and you'll see how you can compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side. They've got a great licensed support team, which I really enjoy as well. So you can get fast responses and you know when you're done with the process you're like, alright, I'm glad that I checked that off my box and I did it right and I did it with professionals. And you know, I think that you'll have the same experience that I do. Life insurance is not a one size fits all product policy genius doesn't treat it like one. So please check life insurance off of your to-do list in no time with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com/midas or click the link in the description to compare free life insurance quotes from top companies and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/midas. And remember to spell Midas correctly. M-E-I-D-A-S. That's policygenius.com/ Midas Plus.


Now, do you remember the video I did, when was it, 18 months ago or maybe longer ago when the MAGA Republican Congress members were doing the Hunter Biden hearings and they would literally edit the text messages like they'd manipulate the words and then I think it was, yeah, it was congresswoman a OC who said, I have the real Texts. You literally changed the language here like you're committing a fraud in Congress like tampering with evidence, but that's who they are. Here's a moment where Lafe, the head of USA fencing says we don't get any federal funding. Not one penny of of USA fencing is supported by federal funds.


Play this clip. Now this committee is supposed to be about saving taxpayer dollars. And let's be really clear, Mr. Feld, USA fencing doesn't receive large taxpayer funded grants and doesn't really receive federal funding. Is that correct sir? We Do not receive a penny in federal funding. So you do not receive a penny of federal funding and we're spending our time in the government efficiency committee debating a fencing tournament and your association that of you, which receive no federal dollars. So what the hell is this government efficiency doing? They're spending their time going after USA fencing, which is not subsidized by the federal government at all. This is what they're spending our taxpayer money on.


While you are suffering, while, while people are living paycheck to paycheck, while mortgage rates are close to 7%, while inflation is on the rise, again, as we're heading towards stagflation, as our GDP is drinking as fricking Donald Trump and all these MAGA morons are out there saying that you should only get $1 and five pencils for your little girl or granddaughter and that she needs to pay more for it because why would she want more than one toy or whatever the hell they're talking about. This is what they're focused on. Democratic Congress Member Garcia had an important point to make here as well. Let's play this clip. People are Aware there is some bipartisan consensus.


Here's a quote from one of my Republican colleagues who's actually on this committee today, which I wanna read. I find it encouraging. It says, I strongly support L-G-B-T-Q Rights and equality. No one should be discriminated against. I have friends and family that identify as L-G-B-T-Q, understanding how they feel and how they've been treated is important. Having been around gay, lesbian, and transgender people has informed my opinion over my lifetime. Now, Ms. Goss Graves, do you know who who said this by any chance? I, I Don't Know. This was actually Congresswoman Nancy Mace, who's I know waved onto our committee today. Now Madam Chair, I'd like to insert into the record this article on CNN that says a title.


Nancy Mace now targeting transgender lawmaker calls herself pro transgender rights in 2023. Madam Chairwoman, without objection. Without Objection, Thank you. Now Congresswoman Mace, of course is is here today. Now in November of just last year, Congressman Mace posted 326 times on social media about trans people and their access to bathrooms in just 1 72 hour period. That's a fact. So I'd like to introduce another article from Newsweek and it's entitled, this is the, the, the title Nancy Mace has posted 326 times in the last 72 hours about bathrooms. Madam Chair, can I introduce this into the record Without objection?


Thank You. I I point this out because it's actually important context. Republicans accused Democrats of focusing too much on LGBTQ plus issues or trans issues. But we wanna talk about protecting social security. We wanna talk about protecting the cost of living. We wanna talk about lowering prices. We wanna make sure that all people have healthcare, but Republicans are so obsessed with demonizing trans people that we are wasting time in our government efficiency committee talking about trans people that like fencing. Yeah, He showed the words of Nancy Mace. 'cause once upon a time when she was pretending to be a centrist in her district in South Carolina, before it was gerrymandered to be one of the most extreme MAGA Republican districts, Nancy Mace was saying, oh, I'm for the L-G-B-T-Q community.


Of course I am now she posts what, what'd he say? 347 times in a day anti-trans, anti L-G-B-T-Q stuff. And here she is post like this is weird behavior set aside politics. This is weird human behavior. This is not how people behave. And she goes, spotted in Austin all gender restroom on a recent trip to Texas. No, there are only two Hold the line. Biology isn't bigotry. This is what she does. She posts this crap over and over again. She got community noted. This is a single occupancy ambulance toilet, which is a lockable door.


These are also known as disabled toilets. What are you taking pictures of and posting yourself of this? Why are you bullying transgender people? Why are you bullying gay people? What Go spend your time doing something else like maybe actually making trade deals or, or, or making the economy work for everyone. Maybe just focus your fricking time on dealing with housing so that people don't have to work multiple jobs to live paycheck to paycheck. But if they work one job, they can get paid with dignity and they can afford a house and they can afford their mortgage and they don't have to worry about living paycheck to pay. Why don't you guys fo focus on those issues? And then maybe once you get through the basics, if you wanna start talking about USA fencing, let's, let's go through a bunch of other issues.


First, shall we write there? Here's Congress member Cassar, let's play this clip. So of course Republicans on the government efficiency committee are holding an emergency hearing on semipro fencing, not fences like the kind that goes around a building, but like the sport with the sorts. And I've knocked on thousands of doors and talked to thousands of Republican independent and democratic voters in my career. And not a single time has someone flung open their door and said, thank God you're here, Congressman, I want to ask you about transgender people fencing.


It's just never happened. I've never even met a fencer before. I've just seen it on the parent trap. I'm sure it's a great sport, but what the hell are we doing here? Seriously, we are here because chairwoman Marjorie Taylor Greene thinks that if she picks on vulnerable people like trans folks, she can avoid having a discussion about the allegations of insider trading against her. She thinks that she can distract from the fact that Trump and MAGA Republicans are raising your costs every single day, suppressing your wages every single day, stealing your taxpayer dollars every single day, and threatening your healthcare.


That's the reason we're at this crazy hearing today. And of course, the Ma Republic and Congress members like here, Congress Member Fallon basically though goes and attacks the head of USA fencing here for not being transparent here. Play this clip Right here for transparency. Let's go. Did you recently change your social media profile from public to private? I did, sir. Okay. Was that before or after you got wind that you might end up being here today? That was around the time that I was receiving death threats and anti-Semitic messages to another people. Sir, Also happened to be right after you found out that you might be here, correct? I can't recall sir.


Specifically when I went private. Yes, it is April 14th and you did it after. So I'm gonna give you another F two counts for transparency. Let's talk about f More Marjorie Taylor attacking Congresswoman Crockett. Let's show you this clip right here. Now let's, let's go, let's go a little bit further with this Madam Chairwoman, your time has expired. You're not recognized. Ms. Crockett. Mr. Feld, you wrote a blog post where you said that one day your daughter, Madam Chair, on a point of water, This is my time and I'm the chair of The committee. Well, no, that was your time. Your time is over. And now we're asking a week. The chair has discretion to Define time. You know, I've time lost time. I have lost time. As long as we have that understanding, that's fine.


I've lost time. I yield two and a half minutes to the chair lady, Mr. Lael Magar, Republican Congresswoman McClain, also kind of going through this saying like, you, you're living in a fake reality, or whatever the hell she's talking about here, play this clip. The issue that I have for the young girls is you can live in your reality. You can live in your reality, but when your reality intrudes on my safety and puts another person at harm or in harm's way, that's when I have a problem with it. Now, if you go to another committee hitting c committee hearing, that was taking place as well.


You have Andy Bi, you have Andy Bigs who's chairing this committee over here attacking Democratic Congress member Goldman, let me show you this, but he's banging the gavel over and over again as well. Let's play this clip right here. Finish answering the question you attacked. Well, I'd like to reclaim my time since No, you have no additional time. You're out of order. He's answering my question. You are out of order. I would like to reclaim your time. Cannot, no, he's answering the question because you personally attacked him. I've said he can answer the question. We, I give that courtesy. How did I personally attack him? Mr. Chairman, you attacked his credibility. We're not gonna get into, we're not small attack. We're not getting into this right now. What we're gonna get, he a witness. This credibility matters. Sir, you're out of order.


I ca you are out of order. You're done. You can't say anything else right now. Then finally, we got to hear from Democratic Congress member Goldman, about how he feels about that hearing. Let's play this clip right here in this Interview over the weekend, that he doesn't know if he would uphold, should uphold the Constitution in, in the situation with due process with undocumented immigrants. What's your reaction, what the president said this morning? Look, I, I think this is so misguided. The notion that because he won an election that he should be able to ignore the Constitution or violate our laws is preposterous.


Every president wins an election. That does not mean that they get to just make up whatever laws they want and decide which ones they're gonna comply with and which ones they aren't. Donald Trump does not get to decide what the law is, the Supreme Court and the judiciary does as well as immigration judges for deportation cases. And so the issue here is he wants to use the Alien Enemies Act in 1798 law from a completely different era that says only those who represent, who are essentially soldiers for a different country in wartime can be removed from this country. But there hasn't been established in any way, shape or form that there's any war that Venezuela is waging on us.


In fact, the intelligence community has determined that Venezuela is not directly supporting the trend opera, the the gang, the foreign terrorist organization that's been designated now. So there is no factual basis to think that the Alien Enemies Act should apply and for Donald Trump to just say, oh, well I won in my election. Therefore, I get to determine what the Alien Enemies Act says is preposterous. It runs totally counter to the very fundamental nature of our constitutional and democratic values. Well, there you have the folks, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you all for watching and have a good one.


Can't get enough Midas Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.