(0s):
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip.

(29s):
Works wonders

(31s):
Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door Brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.

(1m 2s):
Hey, music fans. There are some great concerts headed this way. Don't miss out on all the shows in your favorite venues like Deftones at Madison Square Garden, Eagles at the sphere, and foster the people at the Ryman Auditorium. Tickets are going fast, so don't wait. Head to Live Nation dot com to get your tickets now. That's Live Nation dot com.

(1m 30s):
Welcome to Professor Marcella's Classroom. I want to discuss with you the absolute meltdown that Matt Gaetz is having right now. After the Bipartisan Ethics Committee in the House of Representative released the report finding substantial evidence that Matt Gaetz in statutory rape of a junior in high school, that Matt Gatz was involved in illicit drug use, that Matt Gaetz accepted improper gifts while he held a public position, that he abused his public position by expediting the pa, the passport processing for a woman he was having a relationship with, and that he obstructed the congressional proceeding. Look here in Professor Marcella's classroom, though, I want to hear from the accused Matt Gaetz, and we'll see what he is rage posting and we'll contrast that to what the actual evidence was by the Ethics Committee.

(2m 19s):
It's important to note upfront that the Ethics committee was made up of an equal number of Republicans and Democrats. So this was actually Republicans as well as a group of Democrats who released this. So it's people from Matt Gaetz's own party. So if they try to say, oh, it's the deep state this or the deep state, these are Republicans, by the way. So the first thing Matt Gaetz posts is a message from Donald Trump after the report was released and Trump says, very unfair, Matt, very unfair. So Trump's got Matt Gaetz's back right there. Matt Gaetz also posts Trump allies to gates don't back down.

(3m 1s):
The former member of Congress has hinted at a possible run for elected office down the line. His allies urge him to fight. And so look, Donald Trump was found liable for sexual assault. Donald Trump's on audio bragging about sexually assaulting women when he said, grab them by their, You know what? Because you're rich and they let you do it. Donald Trump talked about inspecting women naked at beauty pageants. Donald Trump hung out with Epstein. Epstein found girls at Mar-a-Lago. So let's just be clear, if you're trying to use Trump as a character witness, Matt Gats and Professor Marcellus classroom. No Bueno.

(3m 41s):
What else is Matt Gaetz posting right here? So he's posting deposition testimony, right? Let's look at the deposition testimony. Gates goes another one of the ethics witnesses who was an alleged prostitute, claims she was indeed not when actually pressed in a deposition. This won't be in the ethics report because of course, let's take a look at this one section of the deposition. Of course Gates doesn't release the full deposition, but here's the question. Were you escorting working? What were you doing? Objection, form, answer. I wouldn't consider it any of those. There was a lot of times where I did not get paid for being there in that time.

(4m 23s):
I thought a lot of these people were my friends. Question. Okay. All right. So you wouldn't characterize anything you did in 2017 as sex work? Objection as to the form you can answer. And then the answer was no. But do you notice what she says right there? She says, A lot of times I did not get paid, meaning there were other times that they were paid. I mean, the whole thing when you read the ethics report is that this Joel Greenberg would go to a website called Seeking Arrangements, where the very concept of the arrangements were that you would basically pay to have these encounters. So it wasn't spoken necessarily as a quid pro quo of this, but there would be payments made.

(5m 9s):
Not all the time payments made, but payments would be made with an expectation that in return there would be sex for the men who were making payments. That's what was going on, and it details it and she goes, A lot of times people weren't paying me, but that means a lot of times they also were, and the other times Matt Gaetz also post the following right here, if gifts are now prostitution, he's reposting this Natalie f Danielson. If gifts are now prostitution, then everyone in Congress is now a hoe. Okay. Matt Gaetz also reports more testimony you won't see in the ethics report. This is clearly not prostitution under con any conceivable definition, which is why I was never charged with a crime question.

(5m 55s):
You said before that you got $400 from Matt Gaetz for that answer I did. Alright. Were you promised ahead of time or anything? No, we never discussed money. Okay. So Matt Gaetz paid someone money and then there was sex in return. And what Matt Gaetz is arguing is because there was no express statement, I am paying you for sex that therefore it wasn't prostitution. But that's not really what this is kind of all about. He's kind of having you look over there. While the issue is under Florida law, there's something called statutory rape and other states have the same law, a junior in high school, and if you are a man over the age of 24, doesn't require intent, doesn't require anything like that.

(6m 45s):
It is called statutory rape. The junior in high school, someone who's 17 years old, that was the finding that was made. In fact, the ethics report did not find that there was sex trafficking that took place, that there, there were allegations of that, but they found that there wasn't sex trafficking. That's why he ultimately was in charged with federal sex trafficking. He could have been charged one of the things, the ethics committee saying with Florida state law violations, but he's a powerful politician in Florida and Florida's controlled by Republicans at the Attorney general levels. They're not gonna file those charges against Gates. But the issue was not all, it was not that he was found liable for sex trafficking with statutory rape, drug use, improper gifts, obstruction, and other misconduct.

(7m 32s):
This is what Gates also says in his rage posting, he goes giving funds to someone you are dating that they didn't ask for and that isn't charged. And he puts that in quotes for sex is now prostitution. Whoa, that's your defense. That gates, I don't know about Dr. French. He goes on to say, there is a reason they did this to me in a Christmas Eve Eve report and not in a courtroom of any kind where I could present evidence and challenge witnesses. This is testimony from one of the alleged prostitutes that you won't see in the report. Let's read the deposition testimony. So it wasn't that the amounts charged did not depend on how attractive a guy was.

(8m 13s):
Is that fair to say? The lawyer objects as to form Answer. I never charged anyone anything. Like I said, it was just given question, okay. Answer. And it wasn't spoken about. But do you hear what the individual saying? I didn't charge them. I didn't have to say, pay me this. It was a given that a payment would be made by the very nature of what the relationship is. And again, You know, and again, I wanna be fair here. If you're wondering why didn't the Feds prosecute gates for trafficking, it's because the Feds were concerned that deposition testimony like that would undercut their ability to Get a conviction on that basis versus the state charge of Florida State statutory rape of the 17-year-old, which Florida, because it's controlled by Republicans DeSantis, Pam Bondi, who's now the head of the DOJ under Donald Trump, or will be, she was the Attorney general during part of the relevant time period in Florida.

(9m 19s):
They weren't gonna bring this against Gates. Just so if you're confused and you're like, I wanted Gates to be brought to justice. I So did I. I absolutely did. I just, I want you to see the distinction here and how Gates is trying to use that and how Republicans are trying to use that when the conduct here by the ethics committee that they found Gates committed though is absolutely abhorrent and disgusting

(9m 41s):
with big wireless providers. What you see is never what you get somewhere between the store and your first month's bill, the price you thought you were paying, it magically skyrockets with Mint Mobile. You'll never have to worry about gotchas ever again. When Mint Mobile says $15 a month, when you purchase a three month plan, they mean it. Think about all the bad experiences you've had with mobile providers in the past. Complicated Bills, upcharges that you never thought were going to be there. Say bye-bye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping, monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you with premium wireless plans starting at 15 bucks a month. And all plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. So to get this new customer offer here at the Midas Touch Network and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash midas. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash midas. Make sure you spell it right. M-E-I-D-A-S. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash midas. $45 Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 GB on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply C Mint Mobile mobile's.

(11m 5s):
So Gates then goes on to do more of those deposition posts post, post, post, post, post. But again, let, let me just share with you again quickly just the key relevant portions of the House ethics report. So you can see for yourself. The House Ethics report found the following from at least 2017 to 2020. Representative Gates regularly paid women for engaging in sexual activity with him. In 2017, representative Gates engaged in sexual activity with a 17-year-old girl. She was a junior in high school at the time. During the period 2017 to 2019, gates used or possessed illegal drugs, including cocaine and ecstasy. On multiple occasions, gates accepted gifts, including transportation and lodging in connection with a 2018 trip to The Bahamas in excess of permissible limits.

(11m 52s):
And 2018 gates arranged for his chief of staff to assist a woman with whom he engaged in sexual activity in obtaining a passport falsely indicating to the US Department of State that she was a constituent. Gates knowingly and willfully sought to impede and obstruct the committee's investigation of his conduct. Gates has acted in a matter that reflects discredit upon the house. And again, this is a committee of Republicans and Democrats. One of the things I think it's important to point out though, when Gates is complaining, I didn't have a fair opportunity to be heard or do anything at this committee. Here's what the committee says, gates was uncooperative throughout the committee's review. He provided minimal documentation in response to the committee's request.

(12m 34s):
He also did not agree to a voluntary interview. On July 11th, 2024, the committee issued a subpoena to Gates for his testimony and he did not appear despite having received a notice of the date and time of the deposition, then the committee sent Gates a set of written questions to which he issued a public response and ignored the direct question. So he didn't respond, he didn't participate, and now he is attacking it. Let's just go through some of the evidence as well that was attached to this report. You have here the messages between Joel Greenberg who did plead guilty to sex trafficking and a 20-year-old female friend. And just so you see, here's how the transactions actually went down.

(13m 17s):
You know, Greenberg would say the following, if you have a friend that is down, perhaps all four of us can meet up later. Do you party at all? Oh, that's perfect. I then the girl would say a sex worker. I have a friend who introduced me to the website that I could bring. She's very pretty great personality. I usually do $400 per meet. Does your friend use the website as well? And yes, I do like to go out sometimes Emoji answer from Greenberg, who would do this with Gates? Very cool. Yes, he understands the deal. Smiley face. What does your friend look like? $400 is not a problem. Are you both old enough to drink? So what do you have in mind for tonight?

(13m 59s):
The woman said, and then Greenberg responded with a photo of Matt Gaetz, my friend, to which the sex worker responded. Oh, my friend thinks he's really cute. Well, he's down here only for the day. We work hard and play hard is what Greenberg said. Have you ever tried Molly? Is what Greenberg said? No. You can judge for yourself if that's the person you want to be a leader in public office in Matt Gaetz. But that's what the evidence showed. And Gates is not talking about that stuff. And you see the language that they're using here. $400 per meat. You know, we know, we know the deal. Yes, he understands the deal, is what Greenberg said with the smiley face.

(14m 41s):
And what they're saying is, is that part of the deal on this Seeking Arrangement site was just that, was that he knows the deal. You meet, you pay, you act like you're dating, but there's this stuff going on. Here's what some of the sex workers were saying to each other behind the scenes. Matt never paid me. How much did he pay you? What the f He gave me 400 to which the other woman responded. Hopefully he remembers. I don't wanna have to ask to which the other woman responded. Don't ask, just say it to him on Friday. Another woman. Okay, like while you're giving him a blowjob, ask him ha ha ha ha ha, before you have sex with him, for sure. Okay, stuff like that.

(15m 22s):
You take a look at Matt Gaetz's payments to these women and Matt Gaetz goes, these were just gifts. I was dating these women. Okay, well take a look at these Venmo payments and PayPal payments and the notes attached to it. You know, he paid the woman 400 to $500 for being my friend, for being awesome for travel just because, for being awesome. He paid a woman a $750 check listed as tuition reimbursement, and that's what they were doing. So look, you see Matt Gates meltdown. I'm showing you what the evidence actually says. There's other Venmo payments too that say for cartridges, for good time, fun emojis.

(16m 6s):
There's all that stuff. So I mean, look, judge it for yourself and just ask yourself, not from a Democrat, Republican level, but just judge yourself like, is that someone who you think should have been appointed as the Attorney General or become the governor of a state or, or have a position of high leadership in in public trust? I said it before, this is not about like sex shaming people or whatever the issue is that there was a finding of statutory rape of a 17-year-old. That's what was found. That's horrible. What was also found was he was in a position of public trust that engaged in all of this conduct while he was a member of Congress.

(16m 46s):
That's what the issue, that's what the issue is. I mean, there's, and there's deeper issues there as well as the Attorney general. It's horrible. Anyway, that's my lecture. Hope you enjoyed Professor Marcellus classroom. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching Of this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.

(17m 20s):
Hey, music fans, there are some great concerts headed this way. Don't miss out on all the shows in your favorite venues like Deftones at Madison Square Garden, Eagles at the sphere, and foster the people at the Ryman Auditorium. Tickets are going fast, so don't wait. Head to Live Nation dot com to get your tickets now. That's Live Nation dot com.