
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one Plus and Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carbon chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new Burlington dog. Ah, I give buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington, I told you so.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis X.com.


This is how it's done folks. Senator Bernie Sanders sat for a town hall with Anderson Cooper on CNN, but Bernie Sanders was not afraid to call out corporate news directly to Anderson Cooper's face. Senator Bernie Sanders was not afraid to call out the Cowardly Law firm, submitting and making deals with Donald Trump turning their back against the constitution. Senator Bernie Sanders was not afraid to call out American universities for turning on their students. Senator Bernie Sanders was not afraid to call out the United States Healthcare System and the United States government for not providing healthcare services as a guarantee to its citizens and to the people of this country.


Senator Bernie Sanders standing up for workers showing it how it's done. Let's take a look at what he said here. Senator Bernie Sanders said, I sure hope that when other people come into power when this Trump regime era is done, we remember who the cowards were, who the people who turned against the Constitution are here, Play this clip. He ashamed of themselves. And when Trump is out of office and others gain power, I hope we do not forget the cowardice, not only of these law firms, but by the way, you got major universities like Harvard and Columbia, these are some of the great universities in the world and yet out of fear of losing their grants, and I understand that they got a lot of money there.


They are willing to change their curriculum to bow down before Trump. You add all of that together, the attack on the attack on law firms, you have Trump for the first time in history saying to a judge, oh, you ruled against me. I don't like the decision you rendered. We're gonna impeach you. That's not America. What our constitution is about is a separation of power. Executive judiciary, legislative, an independent judiciary. You don't threaten an intimidate judges because they rule against you. That is a movement toward authoritarianism.


And I would hope very much that not only Democrats and Independents, but my Republican colleagues, we could disagree on all the issues, but for God's sake, let us not become an authoritarian country where one guy, one guy, assumes all of the power. That is not what people fought and died to create in this country. If Somebody gets next, Senator Bernie Sanders goes after the law firms who have bent the knee and submitted to Trump Play this clip. The idea that the President of the United States would threaten and harass attorneys and law firms that defended people he did not like is a major step forward toward authoritarianism.


And by the way, some of these big law firms, was it Paul Weiss is one of them? Mm. One of the biggest caved in. We look to these law firms who have hundreds of well-paid lawyers to defend the constitution, to defend the rule of law. And these guys, big law firms who often, by the way, defended Democrats, they were more interested in getting millions of dollars from their lobbying or whatever the hell they do in Washington DC making huge amounts of money than standing tall and defending the constitution. They should be ashamed of themselves. Next, Senator Bernie Sanders looks at the crowd and says, raise your hand if you think the American healthcare system is broken.


Everybody raises their hand and Anderson Cooper tries to say, okay, it looks like the majority. And Sanders is like, Nope, everybody just raised their hand. Let's be clear. What I love about Senate Senator Bernie Sanders here is that he's not just going along with the corporate news narrative. He's saying, here's what's going down here. Play this clip. Raise your hand if you think the American healthcare system is broken. Raise your hand. Majority everyone. Not a majority for everybody in the room, everyone. And that is, I can see behind that guy, but, And that is alright. Question again. How many nations, wealthy nations in the world do not guarantee healthcare to all people as a human? Right? Anybody know the answer?


One more. Which country? United. Alright. Now you're not gonna hear much about that on corporate television. You're not gonna hear much about that in the United States Congress. We are the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee healthcare to all people. 85 million are of us are uninsured or underinsured. 60,000 die each year because we can't get to a doctor on time. That's the bad news. You know what the good news is? The insurance companies are making tens of billions of dollars every year denying you coverage. The drug companies charge us the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. So how does it happen that in the wealthiest country, in the history of the world, we're spending twice as much per capita as the people in other countries and yet we have one of the worst outcomes, healthcare outcomes of any country Earth.


And it gets back to money in politics and the domination of big money in this case, insurance companies, drug companies over the Republican and Democratic. I wanna try to get some more Of our audience questions, Joel. No, I know you do. I know, but I wanna talk about I I know. No, I wanna, you know, sometimes these issues about healthcare, about income and wealth inequality are not talked about in the corporate media. And it's time that we did talk about them. That's why the question a moment ago, why are people losing faith in the American system? We don't talk about it on CNN, we don't talk about it in Congress. It's course they understand that a handful of billionaires exert enormous influence And that has gotta change.


Senator Bernie Sanders talks about the broader implications that if Elon Musk can do this to the federal government, think about your jobs and what he's gonna do to everybody as AI gets more advanced as well. Play this clip. And I Think many people are saying, wow, that's outrageous. I really feel for these federal employees thrown out on the street. But I want you to think about this. If Musk can do this to federal employees, some of whom are in unions, some of whom will work for years, what do you think he is gonna be doing when artificial intelligence and robotics comes for your job? Guess what? The job you have today ain't gonna be here in 10 or 15 years. And you think Musk and his friends are saying, oh my goodness, how do we protect American workers from the explosion in technology that we're seeing?


They don't give a damn about you if this is what they could do to federal employees. Think about what they could do to people in the private sector. So bottom line there is, I am not a Luddite, I Think technology as many positive things to say, but we have gotta understand that new technology, AI robotics, has gotta work for working people, not just for the billionaires. And Mr. Musk, Senator Bernie Sanders next talks about the United States having the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country. And that apparently that this is something that corporate news doesn't want to talk about. I love how no matter what the questions Anderson Cooper was trying to frame in the framework of corporate news, Bernie Sanders brought it right back to the central issues that are truly impacting the American people here Play this clip.


So when I'm running around the country with Alexandria and other people, what we are trying to do is demand that working class people begin to stand up and fight for their rights. There is no reason we should be the only major country not to have healthcare. Not that paid family and medical leave, et cetera, et cetera. Why we have the highest rate of childhood poverty, almost any major country. 22% of our seniors living up $15,000 a year. Anybody here think that makes sense? No. Alright. It doesn't. But you gotta get CNN to talk about these issues. You gotta get your members of Congress to talk about these issues.


We're we're literally talking about it right now. Yeah, but I'm forcing you to talk about it. Anderson, this is Joe. We invited you. This is Joe Pritikin.


Did you know that the liver is the second largest organ in your body? It's responsible for over 500 functions in your body, but for some reason, liver health doesn't always get the attention that it deserves. Dose for your liver was formulated to cleanse your liver of unwanted elements, aid, digestion, and maintain your body's filter. Why does this matter? Well, your liver is the second largest organ in your body and is responsible for over 500 functions in your body. It acts as your body's filter flushing out unwanted elements and breaking down what you consume into essential nutrients. The liver produces and regulates cholesterol stores vitamins and minerals and impacts digestive and metabolic health amongst many other things. Doses science-backed formula promotes liver function aids, digestion, eases bloating, and even boosts energy levels. Clinical results in a double blind placebo controlled clinical trial dose for your liver, lower liver enzyme levels by 50% in over 86% of participants stick with dose and feel the incredible benefits over time with more energy, better digestion, reduce bloating, healthier liver enzyme function, reduction of brain fog, and better sleep. One dose for your liver shot is equivalent to 17 shots of turmeric juice doses, gluten-free, dairy-free, sugar-free and vegan. Save 30% on your first month of subscription by going to dosedaily dot co slash midas or entering Midas at checkout. That's D-O-S-E-D-A-I-L-Y. Do co slash midas for 30% off your first month's subscription.


Senator Bernie Sanders says what I, I'm gonna be doing a lot of videos on this over the coming days, so keep checking back on our YouTube channel that I Think what Trump's been doing is market manipulation as well. Taking the market and then signaling to his family and to his, my opinion, to his oligarch friends, when to buy while they keep screwing the markets. Here. Play this clip. You Talked about concerns about a kleptocracy in the United States this morning. President Trump posted on social media that it was quote, a great time to buy stocks. A few hours later he announced a pause on tariffs, which sent the market skyrocketing. Your colleague Senator Adam Schiff says Congress should investigate whether Trump in his inner circle engage in insider trading.


Do you agree? I I I noticed that. And, and that's just one of another outrageous things. Imagine do, do I have, I don't know for a fact, but would I be surprised if there are what people who hours before knew exactly what Trump was going to do in rescinding his tariff proposals, understanding that stock market would saw and you make huge amounts of money. Would I be shocked if we learned about that in the days to come? No, I would Not. Does that announcement that he give gave cover to anybody who did buy stocks? Well, what it does do, look, if you know two hours earlier that the stock market's gonna go, what are you gonna do? You're gonna buy a hell of a lot of stock. You're gonna invest in the stock market. But it's not only that. I mean, you've got a president of the United States who is now working to give government cover to crypto and who now whose family is involved in crypto, makes money by selling coins, crypto coins, anybody can contribute, which is a direct line to the precedent.


So, you know, I have serious problems about all that. This is, yeah. Next Senator Bernie Sanders says, look, if you use tariffs the right way, there are ways that tariffs could potentially work. However, if you're applying some cockamamie formula and playing tariffs against the world in your allies and rolling it out in such a disorganized fashion, it's a mess. It's dangerous and it's economy crashing. Here, Play this Clip. Answer Nate's question. Look, what I Think is tariffs used selectively or a good idea if they're gonna protect American jobs, but to arbitrarily out of nowhere come up with a tariff that they can't even justify or explain to virtually every country on earth is absolutely counterproductive.


Those tariffs are aimed at part and the president talks about bringing manufacturing jobs to America. The White House talked about iPhones being made here in America. Some economists had said that it would cost thousands of extra dollars to buy an iPhone. Is that realistic? I Think prob I don't know the answer to that. But what I do know is the immediate harm is gonna be very significant. And it is going to, I I was just in Target the other day buying something and I looked around there. Virtually all of those products sold in in stores like Target are gonna see significant increases in prices. If Trump gets his way with tariffs, that's gonna hurt working people a whole lot. This, and Then let me show you how this all kinda started off here, where Anderson Cooper wanted to direct the conversation in one area and then Senator Bernie Sands like, okay, Anderson, relax.


Let me, let me make the point that I want to make here Play this clip. We got a lot of questions on tariffs and I'm gonna get to one from the audience in in just a moment. But I do wanna start off President Trump, just put a 90 day pause on a new round of sweeping tariffs he's keeping. Okay, before we get to that, 'cause I know tariffs are everybody's mind. I Think we all want this to be a serious discussion about some of the most important issues facing America. And as you indicated, I've been running all over the country and what I hope we can do tonight is do something pretty radical. That is tell the truth. It's a radical idea here in Washington DC And that is to really take a look together, all of us together.


And no matter what your political point of view may be about what is in fact going on in this country today. And as you indicated, I have been running all over the country and I gotta tell you that there is a lot of anxiety out there. There's a lot of fear. People in the richest country in the history of the world are wondering why 60% of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. Do all of you guys know what paycheck to paycheck is? Alright. You know, I grew up in a family that was living paycheck to paycheck and one of the manifestations of living paycheck to paycheck is working class. People in America now live six years shorter lives than the rich.


Anyone have an idea why that is? Poverty. Poverty and what else? Healthcare. Stress. Stress. When you are living paycheck to paycheck and you're wondering whether you can pay the rent, whether you can provide, get your kid to a doctor when you need to, that eats away at your mind that it eats away at your body and you die younger. And what I have seen Anderson all over this country is people living under incredible stress, wondering why in the richest country in the world they can't afford healthcare. They can't afford childcare. Why the cost of housing is soaring. And in the midst of all of that, while 60% of our people are living paycheck to paycheck, why is it that three people on top now own more wealth than the bottom half of American society?


And you got some zillionaire named Mr. Musk going all over Washington DC dismantling Social security and the Veterans Administration. So those are some of the issues. We've got a lot of questions, People's minds. We've got a lot of questions. You know what, as, as a bonus, let me just share with you a short portion of when I did the interview with Senator Bernie Sanders, what he had to say. This is what he said to me, Play this clip. And here is the reality, which has not talked about very much. The reality is that in America today, our life expectancy is about four years less than other wealthy countries. But even worse is the fact that if you are working class in America, on average, you live seven to eight years shorter life than people who are wealthy.


Now why is that? And the answer is not just healthcare, which is important. Working class people, low income people do not have access to the kind of healthcare that the rich do. But it is the stress, the day-to-day stress that working class people live under. And I grew up in a working class home. I know a little bit about what it's like to have a family living paycheck to paycheck. And what I did, that was in Altoona, Wisconsin, I said, okay, alright, tell me what it's like to live under economic stress. And people just stood up. And one woman says, you know, it's a question of whether I buy shoes for myself or my kids, whether I can afford eyeglasses, whether I can afford to go to the doctor, whether you know I'm gonna have the money to prepare a decent meal, or for my kids that I live every day not knowing you know what to expect.


How do I survive? And what that is about, that is the reality that tens of millions of our people are living under. We don't talk about it. And what I have learned over the years that some of the most important issues are the issues that get least discussion. And one of those issues is not just the working class people live six years shorter lives, seven years shorter lives than the rich. That's important. Why is that? But what's equally important is 60% of the American people in the richest country on earth live paycheck to paycheck. That means they go to work and if their landlord raises the rent, they don't know how they're gonna be able to pay for it.


Kid gets sick, don't know how to, gonna afford to send the kid to the doctor car breaks down, don't know how to get it fixed, et cetera, et cetera. That is the reality facing tens of millions of Americans in the wealthiest country on earth. And that is the issue that we gotta focus on. And that is why we gotta transform our economy so that it works for everybody, not just billionaires. There you have the folks, great Town Hall by Senator Bernie Sanders. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Oh, check out midas plus.com as well. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L s.com. Go. Go check it out. It's where our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski writes these great daily sum summaries.


Tell me what you think. Midas plus.com. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.