
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into Sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance rounds around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns, exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle, hassle-free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing, and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to carvana.com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx do com.


Donald Trump's press secretary Caroline Levitt just threw him under the bus and I don't even think she even realized that. And it's on some serious issues, potentially avoiding Donald Trump's claim towards presidential immunity as it relates to his shady conduct relating to the dollar sign Trump meme coin. Let me explain what went down. Of course, you know by now, last night in Virginia, Donald Trump hosted the individuals or entities that had the most money invested in the Trump meme coin. In other words, the people who put the most money into Donald Trump's pocket bought private access with Donald Trump in Virginia.


Now, Donald Trump's press secretary, Caroline Levitt, was asked about this massive grift because it kind of seems like it's illegal, duh. And what her response was is that this is what Donald Trump is doing on his personal time. She goes, that's his personal time. Because specifically the individual who was asking Caroline Levitt at the press conference said, well, if y'all care about transparency, which you claim you do, which by the way we all know that they absolutely don't. Do you plan to release the list of individuals Donald Trump is meeting with who own all of his meme coin so we can see which foreign nationals may be trying to bribe the president of the United States who's giving Donald Trump money for this quid pro quo access.


And she goes, well, we don't have to release the list because it's his personal time, not his presidential time. Now that's an outrageous thing to say, but that's gonna backfire in Donald Trump's face because when you look at the United States Supreme Court ruling on the concept of absolute presidential immunity, the Supreme Court, as horrible as that ruling was where they said Donald Trump was entitled to absolute presidential immunity for his official acts regarding the January 6th insurrection and his attempts to overthrow the results of the 2020 election. They did say that his private conduct and conduct that is purely personal time would not be subject to any absolute immunity, and the President can be sued and or have criminal charges brought against him for that conduct.


Now, Tim Miller wrote the first post in response to Caroline Levitt's statement where He says, presidents don't get personal time. There's not like a magic suit you wear when you are doing official business and one where you are just Donald from Queens. But our friend George Conway, a superstar lawyer, pointed out actually Tim, it's fine. If Trump is saying he's doing something on his personal time, then that obviously means he's not acting within what the Supreme Court calls the outer perimeter of his official responsibility, which in turn means he's not immune from criminal prosecution.


Good work, Caroline, you just blew it. You threw Trump under the bus and now he could be susceptible at some later time to criminal prosecution for his conduct if indeed crimes are demonstrated. So why don't we take a look at these Supreme Court ruling so you don't just hear me blabber and give my commentary. You know, I like to read the opinions. So here's what the Supreme Court said from its October term of 2023 in the case of Trump, the United States turn to page four. As for a president's unofficial acts, there is no immunity. Although presidential immunity is required for official acts to ensure that the president's decision making is not distorted by the threat of future litigation stemming from those actions, that concern does not support immunity for unofficial conduct.


The separation of powers does not bar a prosecution predicated on the president's unofficial acts. The first step in deciding whether a former president is entitled to immunity from a particular prosecution is to distinguish his official from unofficial actions. In this case, no court thus far has drawn that distinction in general or with respect to the conduct alleged in particular. It is therefore incumbent upon the court to be mindful that it is a court of final review and not first view. Critical threshold issues in this case are how to differentiate between a President's official and unofficial actions and how to do so with respect to the indictments extensive and detailed allegations covering a broad range of conduct.


The court offers guidance on those issues. And as you go to page 29, I guess here's some of that guidance. There may however be context in which the President, notwithstanding the prominence of his position, speaks in an unofficial capacity, perhaps as a candidate for office or party leader to the extent that may be the case objective analysis of quote content form and context will necessarily form the inquiry. But there is not always a clear line between the president's personal and official affairs. The analysis therefore must be fact specific and may prove to be challenging. Well, it doesn't seem to be all that challenging here, and it seems that to that Donald Trump was actually a little worried when Caroline Levitt said, this is his personal time.


Because about an hour after she made those statements, Donald Trump made the following social media posts. 'cause I bet you a lawyer told him you could be absolutely screwed by what she said. So you should post something. So when Donald Trump posted this, my view was a lawyer told him to post this. So he posts heading to the crypto dinner in Virginia in a little while. The USA is dominating in crypto, Bitcoin, et cetera, and we're going to keep it that way. Exclamation point. Now, we know that Trump's personal meeting on his personal time with personal or entity holders of the Trump meme coin of the Trump crypto has nothing to do with the United States of America.


But you see here that he's trying to frame this as this is going to help the United States of America leading in crypto when this is all about Donald Trump's personal grift and or bribes. So why don't you judge the fact specific analysis for yourself. Why don't we conduct what a future hypothetical Supreme Court or federal court, how they would look at it, shall we? So as a lawyer, let me share with you the exhibits. So exhibit A is Caroline Levitt referring to Donald Trump doing this Bitcoin or meme coin meeting with the top holders of his meme coin as personal time judged for yourself.


If based on the Supreme Court ruling this is official or unofficial conduct, it seems pretty clear that this would be unofficial conduct. Let's play the clip. Caroline, you guys are very proud of your record on transparency. I have two transparency related questions for you. Sure. On the President's dinner tonight, will the White House commit to making a list of the attendees public so people can see who's paying for that kind of access to the president? Well, as you know, Gareth, this question has been raised with the president. I have also addressed the dinner tonight. The president is attending it in his personal time. It is not a White House dinner. It's not taking place here at the White House, but certainly I can raise that question and try to get you an answer for it.


Oh, you know, I had to do it. Moink four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using mobster like tactics to crush American family farms, and with the additives they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security. It's called Moink, as I said at the beginning, Moink Moink, the business is simple. Moink meat comes from animals raised outdoors, where a pig is free to be a pig. Their farmers are given an honest day's, pay for an honest day's work, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices that you can actually afford. Born, raised, and harvested right here in the United States. Support American Family Farms and join the Moink movement today at Moink box.com/ Midas. Touch right now and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free, but for a limited time, here's how you spell it. M-O-I-N-K box.com/ Midas Touch. That's Moink box.com/ Midas Touch.


Well, now let's learn a little bit more about this meeting that Donald Trump did. Profits made profits kept, as Karl Quintanilla said, not promises made, promises kept because Donald Trump has blown all of those, right? I mean, housing is less affordable. Groceries and prices in general are up, not down. There's no piece in Ukraine in 24 hours. Donald Trump has screwed our bond markets and has made the United States a laughing stock of the entire world, and the world is less safe with wars going on pretty much everywhere at this point. So you have Trump's crypto dinner cost over $1 million per seat on average in total 220 winners of the contest who are attending this dinner last night, spent $394 million on Trump's official cryptocurrency.


Now there's other grifts as well, like Trump's Mar-a-Lago and Bedminster Grift, which now cost $1 million a year in membership fees. Then Donald Trump claims that Mar-a-Lago is both his residence, but not a personal property. So he pays less property tax on it. And so He says it's a club where he lives and therefore it's not a personal residence. So that's the way Donald Trump tries to avoid paying taxes. You take a look right here. What Donald Trump is also doing, he inked a crypto deal with Pakistan.


Pakistan ink day deal with crypto company in which Trump's kin has a 60% stake. There's a another Trump entity that Pakistan government invested in. Remember what Donald Trump though said back on July of 2019, where he said, I'm not a fan of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air, unregulated crypto assets can facilitate unlawful behavior including drug trade and other illegal activities. You don't say Donald, because why don't we take a look at who else is on your guest list?


I'm interested, is there a guy named Justin Sun who's gonna be there? Yeah, that tracks Justin Sun, whose digital currency network is popular with the crypto industry's criminal underbelly is a top investor in Trump's meme coin. This is being reported by the Wall Street Journal, a crypto billionaire who feared arrest in the US returns to the US for dinner with its president Donald Trump. Let's take a look at some more stories on Justin's son right here. The SEC charged him for market manipulation and fraud. The DOJ was investigating him. He invested in Trump backed crypto ventures.


The SEC paused his case, and now last night he was at the Trump Crypto dinner as the top holder of Trump's mean coin. Can you say quid pro quo? Do you know one way or the other? I'll let you use your judgment there and decide for yourself. Well, here's how Senator Chris Murphy put it. He goes, the Trump's meme coin is designed to facilitate corruption. You can pay Trump secretly, which gets you secret special access to the president. If Trump's dinner with the top coin buyers was legit, he would release the list of attendees, but it's corrupt.


So the list stays hidden Here, play this Clip tonight. Donald Trump will have a secret dinner and meeting with the 200 individuals who have spent the most money buying up his meme coin. Donald Trump's meme coin has no value in and of itself, it's only value is based upon how much demand exists. For the meme coin, he creates demand by essentially opening a channel for bribery. If you buy his coin, the price goes up and he makes more money. If you buy his coin, you get secret access to the president to be able to plead your case to be able to ask for preferential treatment.


And the extra benefit is no one will ever know that you bought the coin or that you got the private access. And so it provides cover for the most corrupt, for the most compromised, for the worst of the worst, to channel money to Donald Trump in order to get their private audience with him in order to plead their case for favorable treatment from the federal government or for investment from the US taxpayer. Now, a group that's called Our Resolution, they were there protesting Donald Trump's arrival and the arrival of these other shady characters in Virginia.


Here it is, our revolution, greeting the grifter in chief and his crypto buyers as they were, as they arrive at Trump National Golf Club this evening to purchase influence with the presidency. America is not for sale. Well, that's the hopeful statement, but it does appear that America is for sale under the Trump regime. Play this clip. Now let me also just remind you about this meme coin.


Donald Trump released it right before inauguration. The price went up like crazy because what the hell's going on? The president of the United States is using his influence to pump a shit coin. And a lot of insiders knew made a killing off it. Lots of people started buying it. About 55,000 wallets lost money. And I think it was only, you know, like a small fraction of that. Somewhere between 20 and 100. I think that actually ended up making any money at all. So in other words, most of the people lost their money got screwed while the insiders and rich people ended up getting richer.


So put all of that together and I want you to decide for yourself right here. You know, it's just interesting too, right? Because MAGA Mike was asked if he has concerns about Trump's business dealings a few weeks back. Here's what he had to say. Play this clip speaker, You were very critical of President Biden and his family's foreign business dealings. He supported an impeachment in inquiry as a result of it. Are you equally concerned about President Trump's family's business dealings, especially given the fact that he's in a region now where his family has billions of dollars in investments in Doha and Saudi Arabia, and the fact that he has a crypto business now where he is auctioned off access to the White House for the highest bidder in his meaning?


Look, there are authorities that police executive branch ethics rules. I'm not an expert in that. My, my expertise is here in the house. Okay? I'll say that the our, the reason they many people referred to the Bidens as the Biden crime family is because they were doing all this stuff behind curtains, but in the back rooms, they were trying to conceal it and they repeatedly lied about it and they set up shell companies and the family was all engaged in getting all on the doll. I, whatever the President Trump is doing is, is out in the open. They're not trying to conceal anything, Mr. Reger, the investment in the mean point, those folks are not transparent. We do not know who those people are. I don't know anything about the meme coin thing. I don't, I don't know. I can just tell you that, I mean, president Trump has had nothing to hide.


He's, he is very upfront about it. And, and there, there are people who watch all the ethics of that. But I mean, I'm, I'm, I've gotta be concerned with running the House of Representatives And that's what I do. It's oversight though. That's the congressional responsibility, Isn't it? Congress has oversight responsibility, but I think so far as I know, the ethics are all being followed. So yes sir, pretty, Pretty pathetic MAGA Mike, and I think we'll use that as the last clip here to contextualize this. As the MAGA Republicans are passing a budget that's gonna rip away the Medicaid of 14 million Americans also rip away Medicare from many Americans. It's gonna take away supplemental nutrition assistance programs, snap or food stamps from people.


It's gonna hurt people who need rental assistance. Gonna result in a lot of people losing homes or losing the places where they rent. You have maga, oh, also it's attack on women's reproductive rights. I can go on and on with with this disastrous bill, but MAGA Mike doesn't really care about what's going on in. He goes in plain view. It's all happening. It's all out there. It's all transparent. No, it ain't Mega Mike. Release the list, but it's personal time folks. Remember that word, personal time. Never forget. I'm Ben MICUs. This is the Midas Touch. Noah, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas.


Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.


Shopify helps you sell at every stage of your business like that. Let's put it online and see what happens stage and the site is alive that we opened a store and need a fast checkout stage. Thanks. You're all set that count it up and ship it around the globe stage. This one's Going to Thailand And that, wait, did we just hit a million orders? Staged? Whatever your stage businesses that grow, grow with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 a month trial at Shopify dot com slash listen.