(0s):
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies. While MeUndies can't totally help your love life this Valentine's Day, they can offer you insanely comfy undies and loungewear to buy or gift. MeUndies has so many awesome Valentine's Day prints and styles. Plus you can match with your partner, friends, or even your pets. This Valentine's Day give the gift that'll keep them thinking of you and score huge sitewide savings at meundies.com/spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. MeUndies comfort from the outside in

(31s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed, or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.

(1m 2s):
If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast, Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.

(1m 30s):
World leaders are ready to stomp on Donald Trump. They are prepared with detailed and meticulous plans to inflict pain on the United States of America. As Donald Trump says that he is absolutely imposing those tariffs on Mexico, on Canada, on the European Union, on Taiwan. Noticing a trend here. Our allies, our friends. Now let me show you the response, a powerful response here, and a measured one as well by Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau. Here he talks about a purposeful, forceful, immediate response to Donald Trump's tariffs.

(2m 13s):
Let's play it. As President Trump stated yesterday, he is still committed to placing tariffs on Canada, starting as early as tomorrow possibly. Now, we don't know precisely what that could look like, but I do know two things. First, if the president does choose to implement any tariffs against Canada, we're ready with a response, a purposeful force, forceful but reasonable immediate response. We won't relent until tariffs are removed. And of course, everything is on the table. Part of what this board, this council has been doing is pulling together perspectives from across industries, from across different parts of the country to make sure that anything we do will be fair right across the country, that all Canadians will share in the job of standing up for our interests and quite frankly, standing up to defend the most successful trading relationship in the world.

(3m 9s):
Of course, I won't sugarcoat it. Our nation could be facing difficult times in the coming days and weeks. Next up, the very popular and powerful president of Mexico, Claudia Scheinbaum, talks about the detailed plan to retaliate against the United States of America. Let's play it. And we have plan A, plan B, plan C for what the United States government decides. Now, it is very important for the people of Mexico to know that we will always defend the dignity of our people, that we will always go to defend the respect for our sovereignty and the dialogue.

(3m 53s):
As equals, as we have always mentioned. Without subordination, we will wait, as I have always said, with a cool head making decisions. We are prepared and maintain this dialogue. Today, the Secretary of Economy is here because it is important to remember the implications it could have and in post tariffs for the economy of the United States, mainly for the trade agreement of the three countries, for the three countries for our peoples, but particularly for the economy of the United States.

(4m 38s):
Next up, our friend Charlie Angus, a member of parliament in Canada. He was in Ottawa on Friday where he was bringing together political leaders, cultural icons, musicians, chefs, entertainers, you name it, bringing all of Canada together in solidarity against Donald Trump and the United States of America. Here's Charlie Angus. Let's play it. We are here this morning, my friends, as an unlikely group with leaders from across the political spectrum who've come together with cultural leaders, artists, academics, athletes, labor activists and indigenous militants activists.

(5m 23s):
We represent the incredible regions of our beautiful country, and we are here for one reason. Our nation, our beloved Canada, is under threat. It is an economic threat, but it's also a threat to our values of decency and inclusion. It's a threat to our sovereignty and our very future as a nation. The threat comes, of course, from the President of the United States, a convicted felon, a known predator. He's threatening massive tariffs to try and break us as a people, but the threat is also being driven by the hate algorithms of the oligarchs like Elon Musk.

(6m 6s):
And there is the threat from people in our own country who would sell out our birthright to appease the gangster class from Mar-a-Lago. That is not going to happen. Next up is Mark Kearney, who's looking to be the leader of the liberal party and to try to be the next prime minister, former governor of the Bank of England. Here he talks about how tariffs are a no win for anybody. Play this clip. Ultimately, the the steps that the president is taking against Canada, contemplating, I guess as well against Mexico, China, others, and threatening the world are gonna rebound negatively in the United States.

(6m 46s):
They're gonna hit growth, they're gonna move up inflation, they're gonna raise interest rates. They're gonna damage the US' reputation around the world. I mean, let's be absolutely clear. This is the second time in less than 10 years, less than eight years, that the United States has in effect ripped up a trade agreement with its closest trading partner that it negotiated in good faith.

(7m 8s):
Finally, A resolution that isn't a pain in the ass. Toshi bide fit on your toilet in under 10 minutes, improving your health and saving you time and money. Every time you're on the bowl, it's time to level up your hygiene game. Do yourself a favor and get a tushy bidet. Honestly, after traveling to Japan, I was shocked that bidets were not the norm in the us. I knew that when I got back, I could not live without it. After installing my tushy bidet, I couldn't believe I went this long without one. It was ridiculously easy to set up. Took me about 10 minutes, no extra plumbing, no hassle. Trust me, if I could do it, you can. And now my bathroom experience is cleaner, fresher, and way more comfortable than just using toilet paper. Look. Wiping with dry paper is basically just smearing things around. Gross tushy washes you with a precise stream of fresh water that removes 99% of bacteria. That means less irritation, no more micro tears, and no need for those chemical laden wet wipes. Just a smooth, refreshing, clean every single time. And the best part, I'm using 80% less toilet paper, which means I'm saving money, preventing clogged toilets and feeling way better after every trip to the bathroom. Honestly, once you go bidet, you never go back. Instantly improve your health from the bottom up for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off their first Bday when you use our code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. That's 10% off your first Bday. order@hellotushy.com with promo code Midas Hello tushy.com promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Your butt will thank you.

(8m 42s):
And Here's what Donald Trump said when he was asked if there's anything that can be done at all to stop the tariffs. Donald Trump says, no, nothing, and then proceeds to lie about the fentanyl deaths in the United States caused by Canada and caused by Mexico. Let's be very clear, fentanyl deaths are horrific. It needs to stop. We need to have the strictest penalties possible for those who bring it here. But you know who's brings it here? The most Americans, you know, who are the consumers of synthetic drugs, Americans, they don't have synthetic drug problems in Mexico or you know, or in Canada.

(9m 24s):
It's happening here in the United States. And the United States is exporting its guns abroad. Listen to what Trump has to say here. Let's play it. Mr. President, is there anything China, Canada and Mexico can do tonight to forestall your implementation of terrorists tomorrow? No, nothing. Not Right now. No. Not a negotiating tool. No, it's not. No, it's a pure economic. We have big deficits with, as you know, with all three of 'em. And in one case, they're sending massive amounts of fentanyl, killing hundreds of thousands of people a year with a fentanyl. And in the other two cases, they're making it possible for this poison to get in, number one.

(10m 5s):
And number two, we have big deficits and it's something we're doing. Here's Trump attacking our EU ally saying that he's absolutely going to impose tariffs. Let's play it. Well, you're asking me a question because I'm sure you didn't hear, am I going to impose tariffs on the European Union? Do you want the truthful answer or should I give you a political answer? Absolutely. And you can tell that Donald Trump doesn't even really have a plan here. He's asking, he's being asked, will the tariffs include Canadian crude? So is Donald Trump gonna make the price of gas and oil skyrocket? And Donald Trump's like, I don't know, maybe I may reduce it to 10%.

(10m 47s):
Here. Play the clip President, Will you will tomorrow's tariffs include oil. What will tomorrow's tariff be? Include inclusive of Canadian group. I'm probably gonna reduce the tariff a little bit on that. We think we're gonna bring it down to 10% on the oil. So it is 25% on the, on the Canada said, While all of this is happening, the oligarchs like Elon Musk are dancing and making a big joke about it. But just take a look at the way the market reacted to this. And I I folks, it's going to be a bloody market next week, that's for sure. And take a look at this. Donald Trump caused a serious crash in the American auto industry on Friday following the announcement of tariffs against Mexico and Canada.

(11m 35s):
Here's the press secretary for Donald Trump. Caroline Levitt, 27-year-old, entirely in experienced Hey liberals, as she crashes the economy, Donald Trump was asked a very simple question, though, look, you promised Americans you would try to reduce costs. And then Donald Trump lies and says, tariffs don't cause inflation. Okay? They absolutely do cause inflation. Like that's by their very nature, they're inflationary. The fact that corporations were supportive of this guy or thinking, oh, he may not do what he says he is gonna do, it's just utterly ridiculous. But listen in in, in his own words. Play the clip. Absolutely. Tariffs do. The European Union has treated us so terribly.

(12m 17s):
You promised Americans to try to reduce costs. And so many of the products that would be tariffed when they come into the country, the outgoing country is not paying the tariff. The buyers in the United States pay that. And then that's passed on to consumers in most instances, right? Sometimes. How would you expect to have prices come down If you have such a broad plan for tariffs? And what do you say to the voters who want to see you reduce everyday costs? Well, let me just tell you that I got elected for a lot of reasons. Number one was the border. Number two was inflation. 'cause I had almost no inflation. And yet I charged hundreds of billions of dollars of tariffs to countries.

(12m 57s):
And I think of it, I had almost no inflation and I took in $600 billion of money from other countries. And tariffs don't cause inflation. They cause success. They cause big success. So we're gonna have great success. There could be some temporary short-term disruption and people will understand that I had that wine. I negotiated some of the good deals for the farmers. And unfortunately those deals have been led stray by Biden and his people because they didn't enforce the deals. We Well, there you have it folks. Lemme know what you think. It's good to see across the world leaders stepping up again.

(13m 38s):
You have Macron in France offering to send troops to Greenland against the United States potential invasion. That's what we're talking about. United States in about two weeks, very isolated, as weak as can be, this has helped China. This has helped Russia. The European union's gonna have to form a, an alliance essentially without the United States devastating to the United States power. All the goodwill the United States has built since World War ii. Trash, trash, done, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video.

(14m 18s):
Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.

(14m 33s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, lemme point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.