
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Tremfya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem radio.com. I'm ready for my life to change.


A B. C Sundays American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is amazing. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan RET STA. American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and dao.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What? Nice. They have my favorite brand, like a whole new woo woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


For all of Donald Trump's bluster and bravado and attack on our allies, Donald Trump is now out there begging world leaders who he attacked in Europe and elsewhere for eggs and help. He's sending others to do the begging while he bashes these world leaders in public press conferences. So I'm not exactly sure. That's a great strategy. Let me show you what's going down this from Reuters. How many eggs can you send? The US is currently asking countries abroad. Many countries in Europe, especially including Denmark, to help lower the soaring egg prices and the lack of egg supply in the United States.


The United States has reached out to Denmark and other European nations asking if they can please export eggs as Americans are facing surging egg prices. The Nordic Country's Egg Association said on Friday. Hmm. As Donald Trump is telling Denmark that the United States wants to annex Greenland, which is part of the territory of Denmark. Let me get this straight. The United States is out there begging Denmark to send the United States eggs as America is taring Europe, 25% on aluminum and steel and trying to crush the economies of Europe and elsewhere. Let me get this straight. Trump sending people to beg, is that the art of the deal or the art of the beg Donald Trump?


The article goes on to say, the request from the US Department of Agriculture coincides with a raft of new US tariffs on countries, including in Europe and the threat of more. Donald Trump has threatened economic sanctions unless Denmark hands over control of Greenland to the United States, US wholesale egg prices are shattering records as an accelerating outbreak of bird flu. In laying hen slash his supply. Trump promised to lower egg prices on his first day in office, but prices have increased 59% on a year on year basis. In February, the first full month of his administration, a letter reviewed by Reuters showed that a representative, the US Department of Agriculture in Europe had sent formal inquiries to egg producing countries like Denmark in late February, seeking information on their ability and willingness to export eggs to the American market.


The shamelessness, the audacity that Trump administration is begging foreign countries for eggs that it is attacking like here was Donald Trump this past week telling the NATO Secretary General how the United States needs to annex Greenland and really wants the help of NATO to go to war essentially with a NATO country, Denmark by annexing, Greenland, play this clip. What is your vision for the potential annexation of Greenland and getting the Potential? Yeah, well I think it'll happen and I'm just thinking I, I didn't give it much thought before, but I'm sitting with a man that could be very instrumental.


You know, mark, we need that for international security, not just security International. We have a lot of our favorite players, you know, cruising around the coast and we have to be careful and we'll be talking to you. It's a very appropriate, really a very appropriate Question. Thank an issue issue high North. So the Arctic, so what you did, so when it comes to Greenland, yes, not joining the us I would leave that outside for me this discussion because I don't want to direct NATO in that. But when it comes to the high north in the Arctic, you are totally right the Chinese and are using these roots. We know that the Russians are the arming. We know we have a lack of icebreakers. So the fact that the seven outside Russia are seven arctic countries working together on this, on US leadership is very important to make sure that that region, that that part of the world stays safe and, and we know things are changing there and we have to be there.


And just so you can see right here, the Chairman of Denmark's defense Committee responded to Donald Trump's comments on Greenland in the presence of nato Secretary General Mark Rutt. Here's what Rasmus LOV says. He goes, we do not appreciate the Secretary General of NATO joking with Trump about Greenland like this. It would mean war. Let me repeat that. It would mean war between two NATO countries. Greenland has just voted against immediate independence from Denmark and does not want to be America ever. Now let's just fact check that with what we know. And one of the things that just happened is there was an election in Denmark and the results of that election, the kind of center right pro business party won and their new leader is saying that the annexation of Greenland by the United States is never going to happen.


Take a look here. Danish foreign minister, Lars Looch Rasmussen snapped back at Donald Trump's recent comments suggesting that Greenland's latest election results are somehow good for the United States Danish foreign minister to Trump. Greenland's flag can't be painted with stars and stripes. It goes on to say that Trump somehow claiming this election in Greenland was good for the Trump administration's plan of annexation. Quote is a misinterpretation of Greenland elections. To conclude that we'll have an independent Greenland tomorrow flying a white flag that can then be painted with stars and stripes.


Rasmussen said the center right Democrats defeated the governing left-wing coalition in the recent elections, and it goes on to talk about how the winning party's leader, GenZ, Fred Nielsen said that it ain't happening. We don't want to be Americans. No, we don't want to be Danes. We want to be Greenlanders and we want our own independence in the future. Nielsen said, and we want to build our own country by ourselves. Making it clear though you do not want to be part of America and their process for independence from Denmark, they call a very gradual and cautious approach, but they go, we don't want to be a part part of the US at all.


Stay away. Let's talk about the new prime minister of Canada. Mark Kearney, who was sworn in at the end of last week, an incredible ceremony in Canada. Here is Mark Kearney, prime minister of Canada. This sound familiar? Let's play this clip. We will never, ever, in any way, shape or form be part of the United States. America is not Canada. Look at the ceremony. We just have. You could not have had that ceremony. We, you would not have that ceremony in America. Look at the cabinet behind me. You would not have that cabinet in America. You do not have that cabinet in America. We are very fundamentally different country And that follows Donald Trump, like a psychopath from the Oval Office earlier this week with the NATO secretary of General saying this play, this clip.


And to be honest with you, Canada only works as a state. It doesn't, we don't need anything. They have as a state. It would be one of the great states anyway. This would be the most incredible country visually. If you look at a map, they drew an artificial line right through it between Canada and the us. Just a straight artificial line. Somebody did it a long time ago, many, many decades ago and makes no sense. It's so perfect as a great and cherished state keeping, oh, Canada, the national anthem. I ha I love it. I think it's great. Keep it. But it'll be for the state, one of our greatest states.


Let's take a look at what's going on in Australia as well as the ambassador to the United States and former Prime Minister of Australia. Kevin Michael Rudd. He was the 26 Prime Minister held office as the leader of the Labor Party in Australia. He was on A B, C Australia recently, and he was asked about his approach in negotiations with the Trump regime. I want you to watch this, but I also just want you to see, just in my view, just the kind of calm, thoughtful response here. Like you, you'll never see anybody in the Trump regime, regime ever talk like this.


Logical com here, play this clip. Ambassador Rod, welcome to seven 30. Good To be back on the program. Sarah, You were meeting with Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick in the lead up to the announcement on the tariffs. Was he listening to Australia's arguments? Well, I think it's really important, Sarah, just to step back a little bit and understand that the America we're dealing with since the 20th of January is a vastly different America from the past and in fact significantly different from the period of Trump 1.0, the first Trump administration. This administration is more nationalist on questions of foreign policy, more protectionist on trade policy and much more transactional.


And in its overall approach to international negotiations, we've seen that very much reflected in the way in which the administration's approached these tariff negotiations as well. These are deep seated fundamental changes in this different America, which every one of the 36 countries who negotiated tariff exemptions on steel and aluminum last time round back in 2017 have had to contend with this time round. You're right to say that with Secretary Lutnick, I've had considerable and ongoing discussions right through the end of last week. And in fact starting a little earlier than that and through into the early days of this week, these have been straightforward, hard, direct, and I think the secretary understands full well Australia's negotiating position, which is we are long-standing free trade partners with the United States.


We impose zero tariffs against any American export. We've never had a trade surplus with America. And on top of that, America has a two to one surplus against us. Those arguments at this stage at least have not prevailed. What Was the atmosphere like in the room during those meetings? Well, remember these Lutnick negotiations as Secretary of Commerce have come on the back of a whole process kicked off by the Prime Minister's conversations with the president on the telephone day after he got elected and, and again last month in February, where he laid out the framework for our negotiations on tariffs and trade.


And since then we've had a series of negotiations involving ministers Wong Minister Charmers, the the treasurer.