
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm ready for my Life to Change a, b, C tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck on up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is Man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins We Going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


For a limited time, you can get KFC chicken with the sweet heat of hot honey. And after one bite you'll wonder how do bees make hot honey So hot. Are they special bees? Does KFC have dragon bees fire-breathing dragon bees that create spicy honey? No silly, there's no such thing. KFC just partnered with Mike's hot honey to drizzle all over their crispy chicken, but Dragon Bees would be so cool. Try it now for only $7 or share a box with friends for 25 prices and participation very well. Supplies last, taxes, tips and fees. Extra


UK's Prime Minister Kere Starr held an emergency meeting in London over the weekend and invited world leaders to support Ukraine. President Zelensky was there. You had the Prime Minister of Canada there, prime Minister and presidents throughout Europe and the European Union were there. It was a powerful meeting. I want to show you what they were doing to show support for Ukraine and also how they've at this point just isolating the United States of America. You know, although their language is still careful, the message has been sent in Ukraine. We have your back.


Donald Trump and the Trump regime is utterly pathetic. I mean, while this emergency world meeting on how to fight back against Russia and protect Ukraine was taking place courageously organized by United Kingdom Prime Minister Keera Starmer. Donald Trump was golfing and he was doing weirdo events at Mar-a-Lago like he was doing this. Play the clip. Okay, back to the serious world leaders who are protecting our ally Ukraine and President Zelensky.


Take a look at this photo right here is the Associated Press reported. British Prime Minister Ki Starr told leaders gathered for an emergency summit on the war in Ukraine that they need to step up and continue to support Kyiv and meet a once in a generation moment for the security of Europe. Here is a full list of all of the prime ministers and presidents who attended. You can see right there a list of these leaders. You saw the photograph there as well. Here is again an incredible video that Prime Minister Keir Starer put out talking about how we are at a crossroads in history. It is time to act.


I mean, his speech was incredible. This video was incredible. Keir Starer is stepping up right now. This is statesmanship at the highest level. Let's play It. The first priority of this government, of any government is the security and safety of the British people to defend the national interest, particularly in these volatile times. That's why last week I announced the biggest sustained increase in defense spending since the Cold War. That's also why I met President Trump last week to strengthen our relationship with and indispensable partners in defense and security.


And it's why this weekend I've been hosting European leaders here in London to work together for the security of the United Kingdom, Ukraine and Europe as a whole. We are at a crossroads in history today. This is not a moment for more talk, it's time to act, time to step up and lead and to unite around a new plan for a just and enduring piece. Here's a video as well that Keir Starer posted. He wrote, we must meet this moment together to guarantee the best outcome for Ukraine to protect European security and to secure our collective future.


It's a video of all of the world leaders who Prime Minister Kire Starr has now been referring to as the new coalition of the willing. Also implying that not only is the United States unwilling, but at this point Putin's puppet part of the access of evil. Essentially what Donald Trump's doing by voting with Putin and North Korea to oppose something as simple as a United Nation's resolution condemning Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine. Now let me share with you this powerful speech that United Kingdom Prime Minister Keir Starer gave. And he said, look, as part of any deal with the Ukraine, he says that the United Kingdom would be willing to put boots on the ground to serve as peacekeepers to secure a lasting piece to give these security guarantees.


And that was an important term that was used over and over again at this emergency, meaning real security guarantees. 'cause they know what's Donald Trump trying to do. Trump is trying to carve it up and give it to Putin. Watch this incredible speech by Keir Starr. Let's play it First. We will keep the military aid flowing and keep increasing the economic pressure on Russia to strengthen Ukraine. Now second, we agreed that any lasting piece must ensure Ukraine sovereignty and security and Ukraine must be at the table. Third, in the event of a peace deal, we will keep boosting Ukraine's own defensive capabilities to deter any future invasion.


Fourth, we will go further develop a coalition of the willing to defend a deal in Ukraine and to guarantee the peace. Not every nation will feel able to contribute, but that can't mean that we sit back instead those willing will intensify planning. Now with real urgency, the UK is prepared to back this with boots on the ground and planes in the air together with others. Europe must do the heavy lifting, but to support peace in our continent and to succeed this effort must have strong US backing.


We're working with the US on this point after my meeting with President Trump last week. And let me be clear, we agree with the president on the urgent need for a durable piece. Now we need to deliver together. Finally, we agreed that leaders will meet again very soon to keep the pace behind these actions and to keep working towards this shared plan. We are at a crossroads in history today. This is not a moment for more talk, it's time to act, time to step up and lead and to unite around a new plan for a just and enduring piece.


Thank you. Also, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gave a powerful speech. And in answering questions from the press, prime Minister Trudeau talked about how I stand with Zelensky. I stand with the people of Ukraine. Watch this. You clearly admire President Zelensky. So I'm wondering what you thought when you saw the treatment that he received in the Oval Office on Friday. I think first of all, it's important. Every chance we get to lay out the facts as clearly as possible. In 2014, Russia chose to invade Ukraine to occupy Crimea and parts of Eastern Ukraine.


For that they were kicked out of the G seven. And in 2022 they chose to violate the existing ceasefire and invaded Ukraine with the intention of taking Kiev in three days and the entire country In three weeks, that has failed. Russia continues to try to fight to claim more land in Ukraine, and we could see an end to this war tomorrow if Russia decided to stop its illegal invasion of Ukraine On Friday in the Oval Office, president Zelensky pointed out in so many words that Vladimir Putin is a liar and a criminal and cannot be trusted to keep his word in any way, shape or form because he has demonstrated time and time again that he will break any agreements.


I stand with Vladimir Zelensky and I stand with the people of Ukraine.


My cat is part of the family, plain and simple, so I want them to have the best food that money can buy. And I didn't realize that for years the cat food that I was buying had questionable ingredients. This podcast is sponsored by Smalls. Now, if you're a listener of the show, you know that my cat cannot live without Smalls. To get 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping, head to smalls.com and use promo code Midas. Smallest cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients that you'd find in your fridge and it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com name smalls their best overall cat food. My cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish and my cats prefer Smalls way more than their previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test, put two bowls side by side, and they immediately went to Smalls. Since making the switch to smalls, my cat has had fewer hair balls, more balanced energy, a healthier weight, a softer and shinier fur coat, and a less stinky litter box that's big. Still not a believer in Smalls. While New York Magazine called Smalls the best cat food according to veterinarians. While Buzzfeed said my cats went completely ballistic for this stuff, my cat's breath is much better and their fur is much softer Ever since I switched to Smalls. Smalls also has a bunch of amazing treats and snacks that you can add to your order. And after switching to Smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvements. That's a big deal. Do you have a picky cat? Well, smalls has a sampler so that your cat can try everything Smalls has to offer and the team at Smalls is so confident that your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk-free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. What are you waiting for? Give your cat the food they deserve. Head to smalls.com and use promo code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer that you'll find, but you have to use my code Midas for 50% off your first order one last time. That's promo code Midas for 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping.


More from Prime Minister Trudeau right here. Let's play it. Prime Minister Starrs, mention the coalition of the willing. What role will Canada play in that coalition? Canada has been one of the strongest countries in support of Ukraine from from the very beginning. For over 10 years now, we've been training Ukrainian defense forces. We're up to close to 40,000 Ukrainian troops that we have trained over the years. We're continuing to play a significant role in training as, as is the uk, which who is our primary partner in that we've also invested close to $20 billion in supports for Ukraine, military, economic and other.


And we're gonna continue to be there to support Ukraine as necessary with whatever it takes for as long as it takes because Ukraine is not just defending its own territories, it's defending the very principles and values that underpin all of our democracies. So as we look at what's gonna be necessary in the coming years, I can assure you that Canada and Canadians will be there From the European Union. Here's Ursula Vander Lane play this clip. We had a very good and frank discussion. Basic, we've discussed everything that is around peace with strength, and of course security guarantees are of utmost importance for Ukraine.


But we need comprehensive security guarantees. This includes that we have to, to put Ukraine in a position of strength, that it has the means to fortify and protect itself from the economic survival to the military resilience. It's basically turning Ukraine into a steel porcupine that is indigestible for potential invaders and therefore the focus is not only on the military supply, but also for example, securing the energy system and making sure that over time this is a strong and resilient country. The second element I brought to the table is that we urgently have to re-arm Europe.


And for that I will present a comprehensive plan how to re-arm Europe on the 6th of March when we have our European Council to the leaders. And President Zelinsky posted the following as well. He said, as a result of these days, we see clear support from Europe, even more unity, even more willingness to cooperate. Everyone is united on the main issue for peace to be real, we need security guarantees, real security guarantees. And this is the position of all of Europe, the entire continent, the United Kingdom, the European Union in Turkey. Of course, we understand the importance of America.


We're grateful for all the support we receive from the United States. There hasn't been a day when we haven't felt gratitude. It's gratitude for the preservation of our independence. Our resilience in Ukraine is based on what our partners are doing for us and for their own security. What we need is peace, not endless law. And that's why we say security guarantees are the key to this. Security guarantees. And then President Zelinsky posted these photos of the summit in London that was very successful. And here's how Zelinsky says it. The summit in London was dedicated to Ukraine and our shared European future.


We feel strong support for Ukraine for our people, both soldiers and civilians and our independents. Together we are working in Europe to establish a solid foundation for cooperation with the United States in pursuit of true peace and guaranteed security. Europe's Unity is at an exceptionally high level, one that has not been seen in a long time. We are discussing with our partners security guarantees and the conditions for a just piece for Ukraine. A series of important meetings and decisions are being prepared for the near future. I'm grateful to all of our friends and partners for their efforts and bringing about a stable and guaranteed peace in Ukraine.


Joint strength can protect our future and I think that's kind of the key message over here. Security guarantees and joint strength and, and and negotiating from a power of strength where Donald Trump just wants to wag his finger and bully. Here's a video of Zelensky as well, just so you can see it. Let's play it. Dear Ukrainians, we are returning home as a so Mario of these days in clear support from Europe, more unity, even more readiness to cooperate. Everyone is united in the main thing for peace, to be real, real security guarantees are needed. And this is the position of all our Europe, the whole continent, the United Kingdom, European Union, Norway, Turkey to today.


We coordinated our positions. There will be many meetings, much joint work in the coming days. In the coming weeks, there will be diplomacy for the sake of peace and for all of us to be together. Ukraine, all of Europe and, and certainly certainly America. Of course, we realize the importance of America and we are grateful for all the support we have received from the United States of America. There was no, there hasn't been a day when we haven felt this gratitude for it is gratitude for preserving our independence.


So our resilience in Ukraine is based on what our partners do for us and for their own security. We need peace, not eternal war. And that is why we say that security guarantees are key up to this. In the near future, all of us in Europe will form our positions, our common positions, the lines we need to reach, and the lines chairman of the ko. So which we cannot retreat from such positions will be presented to our partner in the United States of America.


Reliability, the duration of peace, a proper agreement on ending the war. This is truly, truly our common priority. And of course, I want to thank now voice off screen. We oh to you, to all of you, to everyone in our native Ukraine who feels how much unity matters, how history is changing and when millions defend the dignity of their country, our warriors on the front, all our people. I am proud of you and I want to thank all of you. Thank you very much. Glory to Ukraine. Also, president Zelinsky met with King Charles iii.


King Charles didn't have any issues with the way Zelinsky was dressed as a wartime president. Of course, we know that Winston Churchill, when he visited the White House, was dressed in the war attire during war. I'm reminded of this video right here by Marco Rubio or this photo of Marco Rubio from the meeting, the horrific meeting that will go down in infamy between Trump when Trump was attacking Zelensky from the Oval Office. And then finally, you know, after showing you that incredible statesmanship or states censorship from, from the, from these incredible world leaders that I was just sharing with you.


I want you to contrast it with how petty and weird American Secretary of United States Secretary of State Marco Rubio is. Who here says this was on this week, ABC's this week on Sunday, where Rubio's like, you know, look, you know the, the, the issue is that Zelinsky is too busy. Ukraine splaining to Trump. Why is he Ukraine splaining? I dunno. Maybe 'cause he's the leader of Ukraine. You idiot. Maybe that's why he's Ukraine's splaining that Russia is bad. Russia is bad. Okay, here, play this clip. Can we get them to a table to negotiate? That's our goal.


Don't do anything to disrupt that. And that's what Zelensky did, unfortunately, is he found every opportunity to try to Ukraine splain on every issue. Then he confronts the vice president. When the vice president says the goal here is diplomacy, he immediately jumps in and challenges the vice president. Well, what kind of diplomacy? What's so we all understand? Okay, that Putin is not gonna be an easy negotiator. Well Folks, there you have it. Let me know what you think. Powerful world leaders stepping up. Would love to get your take, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and have a wonderful day. Can't Get enough? Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.