
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


World leaders are building up their military forces knowing that not only is America not reliable, it's outright antagonistic. We see headlines like the following. Prime Minister Kearney of Canada says he wants Canada to join the major European Defense Plan looking away from the United States towards Europe. You have headlines about the new Chancellor of Germany f Friedrich Mars saying that Germany is eyeing the strongest EU army by 2031. Chancellor f Friedrich Mars plans to make his army the strongest conventional army in Europe. Other EU countries also have ambitious plans for their armed forces.


A massive military buildup is underway And you have people like French President, Emanuel Macron making statements that in the past would probably seem to be not as diplomatic with the United States President, but a credibility test for the Americans is how French President Emmanuel Macron is phrasing it. French President Emmanuel Macron calling out Donald Trump for Trump's failures to respond to Putin and Putin constantly humiliating him. French President Emmanuel Macro says the following quote, I spoke 48 hours ago with President Trump who expressed his impatience.


The question now is, what do we do about it? What are you gonna do about it? We already, in France, we are ready in Europe. President Macron said, what are you doing Donald? Meanwhile, you have President Zelensky in Ukraine saying the following, Russia is dragging out the war and doing everything it can simply to deceive the countries that are still trying to influence Moscow with words rather than pressure. Pause. Y'all know who he's talking about, right? He's talking about Trump words do not work with Moscow. You know what he's talking about there as well. Donald Trump's all caps, social media posts.


Dumbo really are mad at you about letting me Putin. I'm mad at you. He goes on to say even the so-called memorandum, which they promised and allegedly spent over a week preparing. No one has seen it yet. It has not been shared with Ukraine. It has not been shared with our partners. They haven't even shared the new agenda with Turkey. The country that Hearst that hosted the first meeting, although they promised the exact opposite and above all, they promised it to the United States to President Trump another Russian deception. They are doing everything to ensure the meetings are meaningless. And that is yet another reason why there should be sufficient sanctions sufficient to pressure Russia.


Now, when you have people like Kellogg, one of Donald Trump's liaisons, who was at first the liaison to Russia and Ukraine, now just the liaison to Ukraine saying NATO expansion is a fair concern for Putin. I mean, Keith Kellogg used to be someone who was standing up to Putin. How embarrassing can you be there? And when you see other statements of capitulation like Donald Trump saying, two more weeks. Two more weeks. Two more weeks. The rest of the world says we're building up our armies. The United States is tapped out. United States is done. Donald Trump put the United States into the Trump dumpster. We're getting it.


We're getting ready ourself. Take a look at this compilation right here of Trump, consistently saying Two weeks, two weeks, two weeks. I'm giving him two more weeks. Two more weeks. That's Donald Trump's line about everything. Play this clip. You Crush President Putin, you know, in about two weeks. Is Ukraine doing enough to get this, to get this piece? I'd Rather tell you in about two weeks from now, keep saying two weeks about President Putin. What is two weeks? Give us what is the actual date? What is the timeline? Well, two weeks. Two weeks or less. And if it's a little more at the time, I say, but you know, they're losing a lot of people See those little dates up at the top. April 27th, May 19th. Today is May 28th. So two weeks, two weeks.


Two weeks. Now we're still two weeks away. And meanwhile, you have the United States acting deputy permanent representative to the un, John Kelly saying that the United States will walk away from tea peace talks if Russia continues the war. So if Russia continues, then us disengages, what kind of incentive structure is that quote? In doing so, we're not abandoning our principles or our friends. Rather, we are recognizing Russia's refusal to work with us to achieve the desired outcome. We condemn Russia's decision over the weekend to launch some of its largest Michelin drone strikes on Ukraine. This does not demonstrate a desire for peace.


The deal being offered now is the best possible outcome for Russia. Putin must make a deal if one side proves unable or willing to do So, it will bear the consequences. Additional sanctions against Russia are still being considered as my buddy Jay and Kiev writes. And there it is. If Putin doesn't agree to stop the massacre in Ukraine, Trump will obey his Russian master and bow down. Taking the Russian cash like he always wanted to do, it was all the, it was all theater. To pacify the electorate that understands that Ukraine must win


This season. I'm using beekeeper's naturals products daily to proactively support my immune system. Especially as we enter peak travel and busy season through spring and summer. There's nothing worse than getting sick right before a big trip. Beekeeper's naturals, nasal spray and nasal spray Max helps clear my congestion. It soothes and moisturizes the nasal passages so I can breathe deeply and easily. Beekeeper's natural sinus support supports healthy histamine levels and promotes reduced sinus irritation and provides immune support. Now both products contain propolis that reduces the histamine response that compass irritation for eyes, nose, and throat. Propolis is their hero ingredient, the medicine of the beehive that delivers antioxidants, vitamin C, iron B vitamins, and uniquely beneficial compounds that support immune health. Not only are these products effective, I love Beekeeper's Natural's mission of Reinventing the Medicine cabinet, merging modern science with natural medicine to create clean non-toxic products that actually work. Today. Beekeepers Naturals is offering Midas touch listeners an exclusive offer. Go to beekeepers naturals.com/midas or enter code Midas Plus to get 20% off your order. That's B-E-K-E-P-E-R-S-N-A-T-U-R-A-L s.com/ Midas Plus or enter code Midas Plus.


I wanna show you also, this is not getting a lot of attention. It's why I think it's vital for our platform here on the Midas Plus Touch Network to show you how the Trump regime is trying to, I mean, I think this is doing Putin's bidding right here, influence elections of candidates who are supported by Putin and sympathetic to Putin around the world. You know, the organization in the United States called CPAC, which used to stand for the conservative political action committee or conference be basically became a right wing MAGA nutcase thing. Ultra MAGA extremist thing. They hold events now in European countries and right before there's a European election, like the election that's right here in the election in Poland, there's a far right wing candidate and there is a centrist European Union candidate.


And so what C Ppac does, they hold conferences in places like Poland, in Hungary and then Trump regime officials go into these countries to try to influence the elections to get Putin puppets elected. It's right in front of our eyes that Trump is sending his cabinet level people to try to help Putin's puppets take over these countries. So I'll give you the example. In the past 48 hours, you had dog killer cos player, US Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome sipping for Carol Raki, the right wing, far right wing extremist Putin backed candidate saying that he should be the next president of Poland.


And he or she was attacking the mayor of Warsaw, the pro EU pro-democracy candidate. But you'll see this is a perfect example. CPAC in America in Influe, trying to influence and interfere in foreign elections. And remember we saw that in Germany, we see it all over the place. But take a look at Christino in Poland. Play this clip. The US Secretary of Homeland Security, Christine OEM said that Carol Naroski should be the next president of Poland speaking at the CPAC conference in JA in Poland, Southeast Noam also criticized his run of rival and war. So Mayor Ra, I just had the opportunity to meet with Carol and listen, he needs to be the next president of Poland.


Do you understand me? It matters who's in charge. I have watched over the years as socialists and people that are just like this mayor out of Warsaw, that is an absolute train wreck of a leader, have destroyed our countries because they have led by fear. They have used fear to control people, and they've used fear to promote an agenda that is not what liberty is about. Right? You didn't see that on US media, right? And she didn't repost that clip on her social media. She posted a clip with herself in the pre, the current president of Poland, a guy named Andres, Andres Doda.


And he is also kind of a right wing guy, although not as far right wing as this Carroll guy who's running. So she showed that, oh, I'm just doing, I'm here to, to talk with the president of Poland and, and the parliamentary system of Poland. They have a president, they have a prime minister. Their prime minister is a significant, is is a more powerful position than the president and is a pro EU pro-democracy guy. But that's what she was doing there. You saw that clip. Here's Donald Trump making a video of himself. There was also a C ppac going on in Hungary where many expect in the next election, Victor Orban, the right wing, authoritarian Putin backed guy in Hungary is going to lose.


But you'll see Donald Trump making this video for the cpac, the American Organization, CPAC throwing events in Hungary. Play this clip. You know how I feel about Hungary and you know how I feel about cpac. I really respect and love them both. I also want to play a very special regard to the leader of Hungary. Victor Orban, who's a great man and highly respected by everybody. He's done a brilliant job of leading and he is a very, very special person. And as far as CPAC is concerned, all over the world, they're respected as an organization. They have conservative values, but the conservative values are very good values.


And that I can tell you, they want strong borders. They want law and order. They want all of the things that you want. They feel strongly about the military. It's gotta be fair, it's gotta be just, it's gotta be all of the things that you want to make a country great and to make your life great. So I just want to thank everybody and again, to Matt and mlo and all of the people, all of my friends there, we appreciate you being there and enjoy it. Enjoy your lives. I'll see you soon. I think it's worth noting as well that there's so many things that Donald Trump has done to harm America, harming our alliances, destroying our federal government from the inside.


But you know, Trump's attack on universities is gonna cause a massive amount of damage. I mean, you think about who are the leaders of some of the major American corporations. They were immigrants from foreign countries who studied in the us, studied at the top institutions, stayed in the US and built American companies. Donald Trump is not allowing, is it gonna attack foreign, foreign students from getting visas into the United States? And he'll, you know, really repel them. And so, you know, we're seeing now, whether it's Hong Kong, European Union, Canada elsewhere, making big Japan, Kyoto, making big pleas to students.


Come here, scientists, come here. We got your back. We'll give you money, we'll invest in you. We'll make it safe. You can learn all the things you wanna learn about. We're fact-based. That's gonna hurt the United States in a, you know, in the long run, for sure. Well anyway, there you have it folks. You see the world leader reactions. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New by Merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more all at store. Do Midas touch.com.