
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


Did you hear that sound folks flip? That's the sound of a potential flip from a Republican congressional district in California's 13th to a democratic seat. It seems that Adam Gray is going to go on to win his race against John Duarte. Duarte is currently the incumbent Republican house member from California's 13th congressional district. Now, we can't officially call it yet, but here is what we down a whole new drop of ballots from Merced just dropped.


And we're talking about for California's 13th congressional district. We're talking about the Central Valley area in California. So a batch of ballots from Merced just dropped. Adam Gray, beat his benchmarks big time as Ethan C seven says, winning it by 13%. Now with that gray, the Democrat is now the new favor to win California's 13 congressional District. And not a lot of people saw this coming. So now the incumbent Republican Congressman Duarte will need to straight up win and stanislau, which we don't think he's going to do to win reelection as Robert Garcia, congress member from California says, this is big Adam Gray just took the lead by over 100 votes, a hundred votes.


You see why your votes matter folks, we are about to beat Congressman John Duarte in this congressional race. So get this, California is about to have three flips from Republican to Democrat while holding every democratic seat. Let's go. And there are big implications here because Donald Trump has nominated multiple Republican Congress members, whether for his cabinet. So you had, for example, Elise Stef in New York, the ambassador to the un. Matt Gaetz resigned his seat for child sex trafficking allegations. A bunch of others that Donald Trump nominated as Aaron Parnas, who works for us here at the Midas Touch Network rights.


So if Adam Gray goes on to win California's 13 congressional District, Republicans will have a two 20 to two 15 house majority that will turn into a two 17 to two 15 house majority until the special election takes place. 'cause remember, you have gates out and a number of other Republican Congress members out. They are going to literally now get nothing done. That's why this was big. It was a shocking result that Merced dropped like that in favor of gray, more MAGA chaos. But they're really gonna struggle just one. They have to have complete unanimity now, and there's no way the Republicans are gonna be able to do that.


Dave Wasserman also says Adam Gray overtakes California's 13th over representative John Duarte by 105 votes and the numerous said ballot drop. Still way too close to call with a few thousand left, but this is a huge development for Democrats. Now you know, we previously called here on the Midas Touch Network, the 45th Congressional District in California, flipping to Democrat as Derek Tran declared victory. Again, we're talking about within just a hundreds of votes there and BC reports Derek Tran declares victory in California's 45th US House District.


Three weeks after election day, incumbent Republican representative Michelle Steele and Democratic Challenger Derek Tran, have been locked in a close contest for the district representing parts of Orange and Los Angeles counties. Democratic Challenger, Derek Tran declared victory on Monday stopping over incumbent representative Michelle Steele in this competitive southern California US House race. Tran declaration in the close contest for the 45th House District came nearly three weeks after election day. NBC News has not declared a winner in the race for the district. That includes parts of Orange County and LA County.


This is a victory and a testament to the spirit and resilience of our community. Trans said and a statement, as the son of Vietnamese refugees, I understand firsthand the journey and sacrifices many families in our district have made for a better life. My parents came to this country to escape oppression and pursue the American dream, and their story reflects the journey of So here in Southern California. Just take a look. We're talking about very, very, very close race there. And then you turn to California's 27th district. This was called much earlier, but you have George Whiteside. One of the NASA executives flipped California's 27th District Blue.


They took that seat from a real bad dude. Representative Mike Garcia from this was a Los Angeles house seat who had Mike Garcia, who was really all MAGA all the time and pushing some of the most extreme Trump policies. And just as someone who lives in Los Angeles, that's not my congressional district in la, but to have someone like Mike Garcia in the surrounding LA area was really a stain on our all of Los Angeles. But again, those are the three house seats that flipped. And as Aaron Parnas said, this is big because with Donald Trump's picks, we're not gonna have special elections with Donald Trump's cabinet picks.


We're not gonna have special elections now really until like April. So it's gonna be basically like just a two seat lead. Very, very, very narrow. Let me just share this with you as well. So you have a sense of how Adam Gray ran this campaign against John Duarte. Maybe it's instructive, maybe it isn't instructive for how Democrats win, but it's worth sharing because this was a flip. And when we see flips, I think it's important to reflect and we may see some commonalities here in how these campaigns are being run. So one of the things that Adam Gray ran on is highlighting the support he received from people who work in law enforcement.


This is one of the main campaign messages he put out. And this is was very effective in California's 13th. Here play this clip. A lot of guys talk tough on crime, But there's one guy actually doing something about it. Adam Gray. Adam secured millions to crack down on gangs, sex traffickers, and dangerous drug dealers. He's taken on both parties to get more agents and better technology to secure the border. He is a man of integrity and that's what we really need in Washington. Adam Gray has always had my back. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican, And so am I, but I'm for Adam Gray 'cause he gets it. I'm Adam Gray. And I approve this message.


The holiday season is here and it's tough on skin, cold weather, dry indoor heating and all those holiday events can leave your skin feeling dull and dehydrated. That's where OneSkin comes in. One skin's products are scientifically designed to support your skin at the cellular level, helping it to look and feel healthier and ready for the festivities. Founded by an all woman team of scientists, OneSkin focuses on skin longevity, not just surface level improvements. Their secret is the OS zero one peptide, a first of its kind formula that works at the cellular level to switch off the cells that make skin vulnerable. It's a game changer for anyone wanting long-term skin health. Along with over 6,305 star reviews, one skin's, moisturizers, cleansers, and sunscreens have already made a big impact. I've been using the OS zero one face topical supplement on my face and I've noticed a real improvement in smoothness and hydration. It feels great knowing that I'm taking care of my skin's health in a lasting way. OneSkin doesn't just treat the symptoms of aging, it targets the root causes using innovative r and d. They measure the effectiveness of age reversing molecules showing that the OS zero one peptide can reduce senescent cells by up to 50%, improving skin's resilience against aging. In fact, in clinical studies, 87% of users saw diminished wrinkles and many experienced a stronger skin barrier and improved skin health markers. Once Skin is the world's first skin longevity company addressing skin health at the molecular level. Ready to start your face, eye, and body routine, get 15% off with code Midas at OneSkin dot co. That's 15% off at oneskin. Do co with Code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. After your purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and let them know we sent you. We only have one body OneSkin and only you can choose to make it better age healthy with OneSkin.


And by the way, this was from the debate between Gray and Duarte. And one of the things that Gray made very clear was that he was pro-choice and DuArt de wasn't. Here play this clip. I think it's insulting to every voter in this district that John wants to portray himself as pro-choice, but yet won't commit to codifying Roe v. Wade it. You know John pro-choice means a woman gets to choose her own reproductive healthcare regardless of what state she lives in or where she is when she might have a miscarriage or a medical emergency. And it's just dishonest. And it's dishonest because it's a say anything to get elected in a district that doesn't agree with me. Folks here wanna see change on this issue.


And if I'm elected to the United States Congress, I will vote to codify Roe v. Wade. There were a number of other, I think, very compelling moments from the debate between them. Let, let me just share that with you as well. Here, play this clip. Thanks. And because of President Trump at the top of the ticket creating division, insulting immigrants and scaring people, calling them rapists and criminals, that opportunity for progress got blown up. And so we need to send people to Congress. They're actually gonna work together with both parties to tackle this. Another big issue, cost of living, rent control, and the minimum wage candidates were asked about affordable housing and their solutions to tackle the current issue. We Can spend our infrastructure dollars and we can reduce our, our requirements on new home builders and we can get water where it needs to be.


We need the carpenters, the plumbers, the electricians. We need the job training program to actually get the workforce to have a major renaissance and explosion of building. The moderators also asked about funding for HighSpeed Rail. Gray says he'd support more, but wants the project to be on time and on budget. While Duarte says he wouldn't and would want the money to go to other projects, Dorte was asked by the moderators if he'd support codifying Roe versus Wade into law protecting abortion rights. I Would look at it. That's a hypothetical so I can't answer 'cause I can't see the bill, but I am pro-choice. And. I do fundamentally believe a woman's choice to have an abortion is between her and her doctor. And Greg, who has already said he would vote to codify Roe was asked if he'd support any limits on abortion.


Again, doctor and a woman will make the reproductive healthcare choices that are medically appropriate and that's where we need to leave it. So all big developments here, folks. Happy to report some good news. Let me know what you think. All right, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together and we'll keep you posted and everything. But that ballot drop, central Valley, Merced boom, Adam Gray taking the lead. Now Democrats can flip three seats in California. That's, that's some good news here. It's still not controlled of the House. Democrats are not gonna have control of the house. But that's some big developments. We'll keep you posted with more on the Midas Touch Network, always keeping you informed and in the know.


Hit subscribe and let's get to 4 million things. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.