
Now at Chipotle, our all new Chipotle Honey Chicken brings Chipotle heat with a touch of sweet seared smoked peppers and savory Mexican spices blended with a hint of pure honey for a perfectly balanced sauce, all combined with fresh tendered chicken, hot off the grill, served up in your favorite burrito or bowl. New Chipotle honey Chicken takes heat and sweet to a whole new level, but it's only at Chipotle for a limited time. Order now in the app for pickup or delivery. Chipotle for real.


Hey Cupcake. It's us hostess, the ones who bring joy in the form of creamy, dreamy deliciousness. And we're talking to you, ya ding Dons, but donut stress one bit or bite. You are just too busy craving a sweet snack that raises all the Cas bars. And we twinky swear we have melted mores than one for you with flavor that really snowballs. All you have to do is get through our singers. You want eat snacky? We speaky snacky hostess. We speaky snacky.


The glycerin 22 is built to unlock that run forever. Feeling optimized for soft landings and powerful toe offs at every point of every step. How two types of nitrogen infused cushiony seamlessly tuned into one experience. Softness has never been this powerful. Let's run there. Learn more@brooksrunning.com.


Many foods we know and love can actively and permanently damage the enamel on our teeth. But by brushing twice daily with new pronamel, clinical enamel strength toothpaste, and maintaining a healthy diet, you can still enjoy the foods you love while keeping your enamel healthy for life. For three times stronger enamel protection versus your mouth's natural defenses. Make oral health part of your daily routine and try new pro enamel clinical enamel strength toothpaste.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your dinner dates. How are we splitting the bill evenly? Well, I only got soup. Let's split it on PayPal. Based on what people ate Get started in the PayPal app, a PayPal account is required to send and receive money.


Wow. Fox, which I call state regime Media almost seemed to be giving up on Donald Trump yesterday, at least on some of their shows. They were calling the guy out. They were showing their new Fox poll, which shows that in the first 100 days, Donald Trump has the worst approval of any modern president by far. For example, in the first 100 days, former President Biden's approval was 54%. Former President Obama's was 62%. Even Donald Trump in his first administration was 45%. Now Trump too, the new Trump regime Trump's approval at 44% right now.


Fox ran that graphic over and over again throughout the day on most of their shows. More on that in a moment. They also ran the following graphic as well from its poll that 56% of Americans disapprove of Donald Trump's job performance on the economy. Only 38% approve Fox was running that graphic. Then you had Brett Bear, one of the Fox hosts talk about how Donald Trump's approval in 100 days is awful. Based on the new Fox polling, watch this President talking tariffs in the economy. If you look at our new Fox News poll at 100 days job approval compared to other presidents.


There you see the president at 44% and you see his first term at 45%. At this mark, the 100 day mark, we have other new polls that are revealing some concerns about the economy. Let's talk about that. The PO And Fox didn't stop there with talking about Trump's horrible, horrific handling of the economy. They also talked about how Donald Trump continues to attack President Zelinsky of Ukraine. And Donald Trump goes out of his way to try to compliment and suck up to Vladimir Putin. Here you've got Brett Bear again talking about it over here. Let's play this clip.


It was the president, not the White House press secretary, but saying that they're disappointed in Zelensky, but they're moving forward. Well, you know, he keeps pounding zelensky and saying it's harder to deal with him than it is with Putin. Putin so far as I can tell, hasn't agreed to much of anything except yes, he'd love to annex Crimea, which is part of the the proposal that's before him. Now, that's no concession, that's just a, that's just all that is, is taking a gain. You know, Zelensky resists that because Crimea, up until the Russian invaded it 10 years or so ago, was, was part of Ukraine.


So I'm not exactly sure what the president is talking about when he says that, that Zelensky has been more difficult to deal with than than Putin. You know, he had, there'd been a series of ceasefire deceased fire proposals. Putin either hasn't agreed to them or has immediately broken them. I'm not sure you know what concessions Putin will ever be willing to make, but he certainly hadn't many made very many so far. Yeah, We will see the president is meeting with enough. And look, Even throughout the day yesterday, Donald Trump continuing to attack Ukraine. This as Kyiv was targeted again by ballistic missiles from Vladimir Putin.


After Donald Trump continued to harass and threaten Ukraine and thank Vladimir Putin for commissioning a ugly painting of Donald Trump in Butler, Pennsylvania. Steve Witkoff, Donald Trump's special envoy to Russia said, this is such an honorable gift that Putin gave to Donald Trump. So then Trump makes posts like this, Ukrainian President Zelensky is boasting on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that Ukraine will not legally recognize the occupation of Crimea. There's nothing to talk about here. This statement is very harmful to the peace negotiations with Russia And that Crimea was lost years.


Let me just stop reading it right there, because you know where the rest of this is going. And let me call Donald Trump out as a terrorist himself, as a felon, as a sexual abuser, as someone who aids and abets Vladimir Putin's genocide. And Donald Trump is a sickened, disgusting person. And by the way, they were calling him out on Fox yesterday a little bit too. So here was Robert Wolf on Fox talking about being in finance for 40 years and never seeing the economy be mishandled in this way in his entire career. Play this clip. I don't know, Robert, some of the people we talk to say incompetence probably the wrong word, unclear might be a better word.


What do you say? I mean this, I've been in finance for 40 years. This is probably the biggest manufactured crisis I've seen with a bunch of unforced error. The execution of Liberation Day was pathetic. I mean, you have Kevin Hassett in 2019 be very clear, trade wars are bad tra tariffs are tax. Steve Moore, another Trump advisor. Trade wars are bad, tariffs are tax. The GOP tariffs are tax trade wars are bad. Where for free trade, you saw April until, for the most part, the president blink both on Fed Powell, fed Chairman Powell, which I'm glad, as well as the China trade war. Then the markets recovered somewhat, but it was on for the worst month since 1932.


And that's not even considering what's going on with bonds where there has been an incredible lack of confidence in the US dollar and US investments. So I've,


Let's be real. Coffee isn't just a drink, it's a ritual, a lifeline, the bridge between half asleep and ready to conquer the day. And if it's that essential, why settle for anything less than extraordinary? That's where a trade comes in. Listen, you know, I take my coffee seriously and every single bag of coffee I've received from trade has been next level. Trade is not just a subscription. It's like having a personal barista who actually knows what you like. You just take their quiz in an under a minute, they'll match you with your perfect coffee. And if your first bag isn't a hit, they'll replace it for free until they get it right. I love that. Trade is the number one US coffee destination working with over 50 of the best roasters around the country. You're getting top quality coffee roasted to order while supporting local businesses. That's a win-win. Just this week I got a bag of Ethiopian coffee from a roaster called Necessary Coffee that's based in Pennsylvania. And it was just incredible. And I love that I never have to worry about taking an emergency run to the grocery store for a mediocre, overpriced bag because trade delivers top-notch coffee straight to my door right now. Trade is exclusively offering our listeners 50% off your one month trial@drinktrade.com slash midas. That's drink trade TRAD e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 50% off your one month trial. Trust me, you will never go back to grocery store coffee.


Now, I explained that some of these shows were being honest on Fox, just some, and you saw those there, right? I mean, you had Brit yume and Brett Bear and you had Robert Wolf, right? They were, I I wanna highlight it was accurate. But then of course you had Jesse Waters seeing that, and Jeffrey Jesse Waters vile disgusting propagandist that he is, he looks like the guy on Hunger Games like the host in the Hunger Games. And Jesse Waters starts. This is what they, they talk about departing Doge, how Elon Musk calls it quits after left wing terror campaign.


Watch what Jesse Water says here, play this clip. So it's the contribution that he made is not how much he saved the taxpayers. It's exposing how much Democrats stole from the taxpayers. It's so easy. It's only three steps, Greg. You are a Democrat, you know a Democrat in DC and you get them to send you money. That's how it works. And someone got a million dollars to clean up a beach. Now if you get a DEI or DUI or DWI, they will make you clean up the beach. Like what, what did he even talk about? Left wing terror campaign. Dude, Elon Musk was the wealthiest person in the world.


Doge promised that it was going to save $2 trillion. Okay, now they're saying maybe 150 billion, but it seems more like nothing at all. What they were all about was not making the government more efficient or cutting federal costs because federal spending, Jesse, is actually up significantly right now, significantly higher. What they did was focusing on stealing the people's data. That's what it was really about. Just taking your social security, your medical records and all that stuff. Then Jesse Waters talks about how these snobs don't get, we're watching their IQ test every, do you even know what he's talking about here?


Play this clip. It's comfortable to be a critic when you have no skin in the game. What many of these snobs don't get is that we're watching them take an IQ test every day and every day we see the score. So then they bring on maga, Mike Johnson, of course, will Kane, who's trying to be Jesse Waters and Tucker Carlson. This guy's the worst. So Will Kane brings on MAGA Mike Johnson, what do they spend their time talking about? But with Donald Trump, we're gonna, we're gonna give money for, to women who have babies, we're gonna have a baby boom. And we're focusing on, on, on fostering babies and, and having women get pregnant more here.


Play this clip, Not just the US but actually many countries across Western civilization to reverse declining birthing rates. But actually what you're out there doing is trying to bring in new white babies. Absolutely absurd. The view is an absurd program. Yours on the other hand, will, is fantastic. You're doing a great show and I thank you. I'm so honored to be with you. Look, that, that's no surprise of what the view is doing there. Every creative idea that the president and this White House come up with, they pan immediately no matter what merit it may have. We are the Republican Party, we're the pro-family party. We always have been. We take great pride in that. We're working every day to rebuild a culture of life in America. We wanna advance policies that help families and, and make it easier to raise a child in America.


We, we support all children. We love all life. That's what we've always been about. It's actually in our platform. And the Democratic Party stands for the opposite. You know, those views illustrate that. Yeah. And by the way, they're not gonna pay $5,000 for baby booms. Just like no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime. All this is bs. The do Remember the Doge rebate checks? Doge rebate checks. We're gonna give you $5,000 if you respond to our poll. They're not giving Doge rebate checks. They're con artists. They're Ponzi schemers. Okay? They're scammer. Trump's a fraud. He's a criminal, he's a felon. The guy lies about everything.


Remember the other day, Trump was like, the price of eggs is down 94%. Right? I got it down 94% Bull Bs. The price of eggs is up. It's higher than ever right now. They, they lie and lie and lie. By the way, it should be noted when Trump talks about the baby boom. Where'd they get this idea from? Oh, that's right. Hitler establishes the mother cross to encourage German women to procreate. On December 16th, 1938, Adolf Hitler institutes the Mother cross to encourage women of pure German origin to increase the size of their families and grow the population of the Third Reich. They would get these medals and money. And where do you think some of these ideas come from?


So then you had on Fox also Caroline Levitt, she was on in the morning and she was asked a very simple question about, is Donald Trump going to remove these tariffs on China? And she's like, let me be very clear, there's gonna be no unilateral reduction in the tariffs. And this was after Trump the day before that said that there would be to me. If you look at the sequence of clips that I just showed you, Caroline Levitt said that this morning. And I think Fox was like, alright, release the poll. And Murdoch was like, release the poll. We, we gotta shut this guy down right now on some of our shows. We can't stop Jesse Waters and, and, and Hannity and all of them here play this clip.


Caroline, let's see if we can break a little news here. What's, what's the timetable for the reduction in the tariffs against China? The President was ambiguous about it. Scott Besson seemed to suggest it wouldn't happen until negotiations are at least underway. Let me be clear, there will be no unilateral reduction in tariffs against China. The president has made it clear China needs to make a deal with United States of America. And we are optimistic that will happen. And when that continues, it'll be up to the president what the tariff rate on China will be. But we certainly need to see a reduction in tariffs and non monetary tariff barriers from China as well. And we also need to continue seeing these companies abroad, return their manufacturing to the United States of America so we can shore up these critical supply chains.


Okay, well, Marcus seemed to be watching every bit of it well off their highs of this session, but still up about 500 points today. Oh, and by the way, on the morning show here, you just see how just like, just mean and vile they are. Just watch what they were saying here about Whoopi Goldberg. Thank God she didn't do IVF because just let's listen to it. I didn't wanna repeat what they're saying here. Play this clip. Aren't you excited about it? I mean, Julie, she's such A lovely person. Isn't she lovely? She really is. She's such a shame. She's not a mother. I feel like she would've been the best role model. Yes, thank God she did not do IVF because I don't think she'd actually find somebody to actually physically impregnate her, is what I'm trying to get up there.


But anyway, no, as far, Yeah, so vile and disgusting. And then finally, I'm not gonna show clips of Hannity 'cause it's just the most ridiculous episode. No, no mention of the poll. No mention of the tariffs. This is what they were showing on Hannity. Th these were the topics, Dems and disarray, ring camera robbery. Shaq's, new porta-potty Florida man offers booze to cops during car chase. Those were the the big issues that they were tackling on Hannity. You see why I call 'em state regime media, but still throughout the day, some of their hosts calling 'em out, showing the polls, the fox polls.


Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit, hit subscribe. Oh, by the way, this poll too, in general, do you think imposing tariffs or fees on products important from other countries makes the products you buy more expensive, less expensive? Or doesn't make a difference from the fox pulp? 72% say more expensive. 7% say less expensive. There you happen. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch. Drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Midas touch com.