
Every single day, vice President Kamala Harris puts out a new ad shredding Donald Trump. That's like better than the last watch, her latest Play it. I started my career as a prosecutor. I've only had one client. The people, Donald Trump is more interested in defending himself than he is in looking out for you. I Don't care about you, I just want your vote. As a prosecutor, I never asked a victim or a witness, are you a Republican or a Democrat? The only thing I ever ask them, are you okay? And that's the kind of president we need right now. Someone who cares about you and is not putting themselves first. It's time to turn the page. You saw that one right there highlighted Vice President Kamala Harris as the prosecutor first Donald Trump as the predator.


In this next ad, again, a new one that she just released, she said, I remain focused on the American people while my opponent remains focused on himself. play the clip. The American people want a president who understands the importance of bringing us together. People don't leave my rallies. They know we have so much more in common than what separates us. People don't go to her rallies And we can chart a new way forward. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. I intend to be a president for all Americans.


Here's a short that her team put out saying The tragedy is that we have someone who leads the Republican Party, who wants to be president, who has consistently used race to divide the American people. The vast majority of us know that we have so much more in common than what separates us. Play. This clip I read where she was not black that she put out, and I'll say that, and then I read that she was black, and that's okay. Yeah, I think it's just a, a tragedy that we have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently over the course of his career, attempted to use race to divide the American people.


You know, I do believe that the vast majority of us know that we have so much more in common than what separates us, and we don't want this kind of approach that is just constantly trying to divide us, and especially by race. And let's remember how Donald Trump started. He was investigated because he refused to rent property to black families. Let's remember, this is the same individual who took out a full page ad in the New York Times, calling for the execution of five young, black and Latino boys who were innocent. The Central Park five. This is the same individual who spread birther lies about the first black president of the United States.


And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this. He or she further draws that contrast between herself and Donald. Trump says, look, we're two very different people. Play this clip. As a prosecutor, I'm never asked a victim or a witness, are you a Republican or a Democrat? And then they say, oh, he was. He's a criminal. We have so much more in common than what separates us. And I pledge you to be a president for All American. Our country is being lost. We're a failing nation.


I have a plan to give startup businesses $50,000 tax deduction. You still do not have a plan. I have concepts of a plan. I am certainly not Donald Trump. And what I do offer is a new generation of leadership for our country. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies. Let's turn the page on this. He or she highlights the fact that Donald Trump overturned Roe v. Wade and brags about it, Play it. I wanna turn to the e issue of abortion.


For 52 years, they've been trying To get Roe v. Wade into the States. I did a great service in doing it. It took courage to do it, and the Supreme Court had great courage in doing it. I have talked with women around our country. You wanna talk about this is what people wanted. Pregnant women who want to carry a pregnancy to term suffering from a miscarriage being denied care in an emergency room because the healthcare providers are afraid they might go to jail and she's bleeding out in a car in the parking lot. She didn't want that. Her husband didn't want that. A 12 or 13-year-old survivor of incest being forced to carry a pregnancy to term.


They don't want that. I think the American people believe that certain freedoms in particular, the freedom to make decisions about one's own body, should not be made by the government. I'm Kamala Harris, and I approve this message. By the way, here is Donald Trump bragging about overturning Roe v. Wade on Saturday. He said that this is, everybody wanted this, and he was gloating that he was the one to overturn Roe v. Wade. You see it in his own words right there. On the other hand, Melania Trump put out an ad. Here's what she did. play the clip. Ever imagine my privacy would be invaded by the government here in America, the FBI rated my home in Florida and searched through my personal belongings.


This is not just my story. It serves as a warning to all Americans. A reminder that our freedom and rights must Be respected. What in the world is that? I gotta give a hat tip to my friends. At the Lincoln Project, they put out an incredible ad yesterday as well about JD Vance as the snake play this clip. Ladies And gentlemen, I am proud to announce that Senator JD Vance has the overwhelming support of this convention to be the next vice president of the United States.


Who has heard the poem called the Snake on her way to work. One morning down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor half frozen snake. Take me in O tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in. Oh, tender woman side, the vicious snake. I can't stomach Trump. I think that he's noxious. She clutched him to her bosom. You are so beautiful. She cried. But instead of saying Thank, you, that snake gave her a vicious bite.


Hello Christians. Everyone is watching us when we apologize for this man. Lord, help Us. I have saved you. Cried the woman, and you've bitten me heaven's. Why? That he was fundamentally divisive, arrogant. You know, your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die. He's leading our political discourse to a very negative place. Oh, shut up. Silly woman said, the reptile with a grin Might be America's Hitler. Might be a cynical, a-hole. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in. I'm a never Trump guy. I never liked him.


I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, don, don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre-Cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool. Probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre alcohol produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy workday. Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita. And the next morning I felt amazing. Just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype. And with their GMO technology, Thanks ZBiotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


I like that Lincoln Project. I agree. JD Vance is the snake. But we all know that Donald Trump is the real snake. This was the video we made at the Midas Touch Network four years ago. Trump the snake, play this clip. Who has heard the poem called The Snake? My father gave me a small loan of a million dollars. Well documented and severe financial downturn in the past Year. You, You know about sexual predators and things like that. I mean you Are one. Alright, that's, it's more than anger. It's hatred. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists down the path along the lake. A kindhearted woman saw a poor half frozen stake.


You'll absolutely love Trump stakes. More than 150 former students alleged Trump University was a fraud, Persistently illegal conduct at the President's charity. Take me in o tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in o tender woman side, the vicious, Which denounced what happened in 2016. President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial Today. He Withheld the money, he withheld the meeting. He used it to coerce Ukraine to do these political investigations. The American Embassy and Baghdad under siege. He stroked his pretty skin again and held him tight. The Chinese government awarded Ivanka Trump's brand, seven new trademarks, Their pack of Griffus, his campaign managers got two condos of Ferrari, a yacht.


And they're all just fleeing the campaign. That snake gave her a vicious bite. The coronavirus. This is their new hoax. The US now leading the world in depth. No, I don't take responsibility at all, and This is a great success Story. I have saved, you cried the woman, and you've bitten me. Heaven's, why? You know your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die. We want to terminate healthcare, right? And then I see the disinfectant. Shut up. Silly woman said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.


Then we will just show you, we'll show you a little bit of the Lincoln Project and might as touch and, and again, I love the work they're doing there. Here's the Lincoln Project ad that they did recently about a girl being pulled over by the police for trying To. get reproductive care in another state. play the clip Paradise Code four Driver's license registration. There You go, sir. How's your day going? That's your daughter. Sure is Abigail, right? How do you know Were, are you about eight weeks pregnant?


See, you've been spotting recently. You've had any cramps or nausea that's Personal. You've been taking your prenatal vitamins. Excuse me. Are you ticketing me for something? Where are you heading, Abigail? To go see my older sister, Natalie. Well, that's strange. This says here that Natalie's at a concert in Dallas and your navigation is sent to a, a women's health clinic in one of those abortion states. We have the right to travel. Not anymore. Step outta the car. Police officer. Both of you out now, you, sir, are under arrest for crossing state lines to obtain an abortion for a minor under your care.


And you, young lady, well, you're under arrest for evading motherhood. And here's the Midas ad that we did four years ago. play the clip. Listen, everything's gonna be okay, right? Just let me do the talking. Okay. Just there. Good evening. Ladies license please.


Where are you headed? We're just out for a drive. Headed to the border. Oh, no, no, we were just going up to the, Hey there. What's your name? Grace. Are you pregnant? Grace step outta the vehicle. She does not have to. She does. No. Show me your hands on the wheels, please. Outta the vehicle on the, I think both are very powerful.


There needs to be more ads like that out there, more shorts like that out there. Going back to Vice President Kamala Harris, she released three ads about Ukraine and her support of it. While Donald Trump supports Putin, here's the first one. When Mongol warriors stormed Ukraine, Keith's church Bells rang a night warning. They rang again when Ukrainians rallied for democracy. Today they're warning the world of Putin's threat to freedom. Yet Donald, Trump embraces Putin, Not like Putin. He likes being, He picked JD Vance. I don't really care what happens to Ukraine, But Kamala Harris cares. She knows standing up to Putin keeps America safe.


Here's the second one. Mr. Gorbachev teared down this wall. And when one man is enslaved, all and not free, American presidents, Republican and Democrat have always defied Russia's communist dictators and defended American ideals. Kamala Harris gets this. If we stand by while an aggressor invades its neighbor with impunity, they will keep going. Kamala Harris will stand up to Putin, protect our allies and keep us safe. Here's the third one. Years Ago, as invaders marched from the east, a Polish watchman blew his trumpet to warn his people. Today, freedom loving polls and Ukrainians are warning us of a new threat.


Donald Trump encouraged Putin to attack our allies. No, I would not protect you. In fact, I would encourage them to do whatever the hell they want. But Kamala Harris has heard the trumpet call. She'll defend our brave allies for their freedom and for ours. Here's a great one from the Lincoln Project where they go vain, disgusting, cruel, unfit, play the clip, Old, weak, many don't feel he is fit, sick, tired, too old to serve, stammering, slurring. He was ranting and raving, slipping, forgetting. And the guy just kept getting confused. Slow panic has certainly said in, you know, which politician we're talking about, right?


Oh, you thought it was about Joe Biden, Venezuela, although it's unbelievable, is he? All right, let's think about some more words. Liar. I have absolutely no idea who this woman is. Criminal rapist. I'm Here because Donald Trump raped me. Scammer. I can say very clearly, president Trump is a liar. Conman, gross, vain. I don't care about you. I just want your vote cruel. You are a rude, terrible person. Disgusting creep. You know exactly who we're talking about. You won't have to vote anymore, don't you?


And here's a funny one that they did called Immor play. the clip. Vice President Harris was clearly well prepared, practiced on the offensive much of the night. Former President Trump did take a lot of the bait that she threw out. She Did so well and Trump did so poorly that they wanna do that all over again. I can't get behind somebody who maybe I agree with certain policies on, but their character is atrocious and lacks complete leadership. She conveyed the calm, she, she conveyed a preparation. Vice President Harris clearly won the debate in terms of her delivery, her polish, and her preparation. The moment of the debate, if there was one, I think was, was when she baited him on the rallies, people Saw, oh, actually she's an intelligent, capable person who has a point of view on issues.


And she, she demonstrated that time. And again, She was composed, she was prepared, she kept her cool. She saw advantages. She took them Donald. Trump looked old tonight. Yeah. This is the difference between someone who's well prepared and someone who's unprepared. Whoever did debate prep for Donald, Trump should be fired. Truly A a difficult night. Tell me what you think about those all hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.