
Vice President Kamala Harris just gave an incredible speech in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. She was surrounded by Republicans for Harris. These are people who were in former Republican presidential administrations. Even some people who were in Trump's administration who know that he's unfit now. They all support vice President Kamala Harris. And you see what the Republican Party has become the Republican party in Bucks County, which is now full maga. They put out signs like this, you can see it FU, Kamala, but they actually use the curse. They were having banners that say that it's just so profane. No family values at all with this MAGA mutation of the Republican party has become.


But vice President Kamala Harris has been reaching out to the classic Republicans like Adam Kinzinger and Liz Cheney and others, and they're the ones who surrounded her here at this incredible speech. Let's watch the highlights, shall we? Let's play the first clip. So I am joined today by over 100 Republican leaders from across Pennsylvania and across our country who are supporting my candidacy for President of the United States. And I am deeply honored to have their support. Some served in state houses, some in the United States Congress.


Some worked for other Republican presidents and presidential nominees, including Mitt Romney, John McCain, George W. Bush, George HW Bush, and Ronald Reagan, And some today served in Donald Trump's own administration. We also have with US Republican voters from here in Pennsylvania and beyond, who've been active in their Republican parties for years who have supported Republican candidates up and down the ticket. Now I say all that to make an obvious point. In a typical election year, you all being here with me might be a bit surprising.


Dare I say unusual, but not in this election. Not in this election, because at stake in this race are the democratic ideals that our founders and generations of Americans before us have fought for at stake in this election is the Constitution of the United States it very self. We are here today because we share a core belief that we must put country before party.


Then she talks about how unhinged Donald Trump is, and with each day he's growing more unstable, more mentally unfit. Let's play it. Donald Trump is increasingly unstable and unhinged, and he is seeking unchecked power. Consider what his closest advisors have said. His national security advisor, two defense secretaries, his former chief of staff, his own vice president, all have warned America, Donald Trump is unfit to serve.


She talks about how Donald Trump only cares about himself and retribution. That is if Donald Trump's even able at this point to formulate thoughts and sentences because his brain seems totally fried and rotten. Let's play the clip. And on the other hand, the choice of someone who I think we can guarantee will sit in the Oval Office plotting retribution stew in his own grievances and think only about himself and not you.


So as I have said, our campaign is not a fight against something. It is a fight for something. It is a fight for the fundamental principles upon which we were founded. It is a fight for a new generation of leadership that is optimistic about what we can achieve together. Republicans, democrats, and independents who want to move past the politics of division and blame and get things done on behalf of the American people.


And when it all comes down to it, I know we are all here together this beautiful afternoon because we love our country. We love our country. Then Vice President Kamala Harris says, listen to General Millie, the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who says, Donald Trump's a fascist this Or listen to General Trump's top general. He has called Trump. And I quote, fascist to the core and said, quote, no one has ever been as dangerous to this country.


So think about that. General Milley served in uniform for more than 40 years, commanding American forces around the world. He has confronted some of America's worst enemies, and he is saying, no one has ever been as dangerous to our country as Donald Trump. America must heed this warning because anyone who tramples on our democratic values as Donald Trump has, anyone who has called for the quote, termination of the Constitution of the United States as Donald Trump has must never again stand behind the seal of the President of the United States never again.


Again. And to those and to those who are watching, if you share that view, no matter your party, no matter who you voted for last time, there is a place for you. In this campaign, the coalition we have built has room for everyone who is ready to turn the page on the chaos and instability of Donald Trump.


And I pledge to you to be a president for all Americans. Now we have vice President Kamala Harris referring to Donald Trump's statement that he will use the military on Americans. Yeah, that's what Donald Trump's going around and saying that anyone who doesn't agree with him, he views as the enemy from within and he will send the military to attack you and to kill you. That's what Donald Trump's saying right now. It's play the clip. And now Donald Trump is telling us how he intends to use power if he is elected again. He has stated that one of the biggest threats America faces is quote the enemy from within the, the enemy from within, but know where that language hearkens back to understand.


And let us be clear about what he is saying. He considers any American who doesn't support him or bend to his will to be an enemy to our country. Outrageous. And further, he says that as commander in chief, he would use our military to go after them. Honestly. Let that sink in use of the American military to go after American citizens.


And we know who he would target first because he has a targeted them and attacked them before journalists whose stories he doesn't like. Nonpartisan, election officials who refuse to cheat by finding extra votes for him. Judges who insist on following the law instead of following him. And here, vice President Kamala Harris says he who violated the oath to uphold the Constitution or Donald Trump violated the oath to uphold and he will do it again. Let's play the clip. And I have sworn an oath to uphold the Constitution six times in my career, including as vice president, as a United States Senator, and as the top law enforcement officer of the largest state in our country responsible for upholding and enforcing the laws of the state and the laws of the United States was the work I did.


And I have never wavered in upholding that oath. And I have always executed it faithfully and without reservation. And therein lies the profound difference between Donald Trump and me. He who violated the oath to uphold the constitution of the United States of America. And make no mistake, he who, if given the chance, would violate it again.


Donald Trump lost the 2020 election. Okay?


There's nothing worse than light pouring in the house when you're trying to catch up on some rest. And having good blinds in your home may just be the most underrated addition that you could make. There's a better way to buy blinds and window treatments, and it's called three Day Blinds. They're the leading manufacturer of custom window treatments in the US and right now they're running a buy one get one 50% off deal. We could shop for almost anything at home. Why not shop for blinds at home too? Three Day Blinds has local professionally trained design consultants who have an average of 10 plus years of experience that provide expert guidance on the right blinds for you in the comfort of your home. Just set up an appointment and you'll get a free no obligation quote. The same day, not very handy. The expert team at three Day Blinds handles all the heavy lifting. They design, measure, install. So you could sit back, relax, and leave it to the pros. I've been using three Day Blinds since way before they were even a sponsor of the Midas Touch podcast. My friend had redone his entire home with three Day Blinds. He got the Smart Blinds installed where you just ask Alexa to open your blinds and it happens automatically. I thought it was the coolest thing ever. I asked him, where did he get this? How did this happen? He told me all about three Day Blinds and how easy the process was. And I ended up getting all the blinds and buying home from three Day Blinds. And I'm so glad that I did. They had so many options to choose from and they were so helpful in guiding me to pick the perfect blinds for my home. It's no surprise that three Day Blinds has been in business for over 45 years and is the highest rated blinds company on Trustpilot at 4.7 out of five stars right now. You could get three Day Blinds, buy one, get one 50% off deal on custom blinds, shades, shutters, and drapery for a free no charge, no obligation consultation. Just head to three Day Blinds dot com slash midas. That's buy one, get one 50% off when you head to three Day Blinds dot com slash midas one last time. That's the number three DAY blinds.com/midas.


Now contrast that to JD Vance during the speeches that he's been giving in swing states here, JD Vance is asked, what type of message do you think it sends to independent voters, just people like us who care about normalcy more than anything, who, people who love the constitution. What does it say to them, JD Vance, when you refuse to admit that Donald Trump lost in 2020? Watch JD Vance's response. Let's play the clip. Second Question And, and the second question, what message do you think it sends to independent voters when you do not directly answer the question? Did Donald Trump lose in 2020?


I think I, sir. Look, first of all, fir first of all, on, on, on on the election of 2020, I've answered this question directly a million times. No, I think there are serious problems in 2020. So did Donald Trump lose the election? Not by the words that I would use. Okay, so look, we could, but, but, but look, I I really couldn't care less if you agree or disagree with me on this issue. Yeah. JD Vance and the maga cult that surrounds him, they refuse to say Trump lost in 2020.


Speaking of the cult here, Donald Trump in the, in this interview he gave with Fox in the morning on Wednesday, he says that he's the father of IVF. He says he's the father of IVF play this clip or IVF. Right? Let's get this question. Yeah, because I believe that's what this is about. Oh, I wanna talk about IVF I'm the father. You don't hear that. I'm the father of IVF, so I wanna hear this question. Yeah. Hi, president Donald Trump. Okay, who overturned Roe v. Wade, who is the reason right now that republicans maga I should, I should draw the distinction between classic Republicans and the MAGA that have taken over the party. But I think you know what I mean.


That MAGA want to take away IVF take away L-G-B-T-Q rights. That's all Trump's agenda right there. It's despicable. And he go, I'm the father of IVF. What a what a sick man, sick individual. Here Donald Trump then says the common line that the enemy from within is more dangerous than Russia and China. And he refers to who he considers the enemy from within. And he refers to Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, and people like that. That's anybody who disagrees with him. He will send the military against. This is the United States of America. And the person running in the Republican party is saying he will send the United States military to kill his political opponents if they don't like him.


That's what he's saying. Here, play the clip. President Kamala Harris has said, you sounded unhinged and unchecked power is in our future. What, what, what do you say About that? I I thought it was a nice presentation. I wasn't, I wasn't unhinged. You know, you know what they are? They're a party of sound bites. They're some, somebody asked me, can they be brought together? You know, it was very, I never thought really. I wasn't thinking like they could because they are, they're very, very different. And it is the enemy from within and they're very dangerous. They're Marxists and communists and fascists and they're sick. I use a guy like Adam Schiff, 'cause they made up the Russia, Russia, Russia hooks. It took two years to solve the problem.


Absolutely nothing was done wrong, et cetera, et cetera. They're dangerous for our country. We have China, we have Russia, we have all these countries. If you have a smart president, they can all be handled. The more difficult are, you know, the Pelosis, these people, they're so sick and they're so evil. If they would spend their time trying to make America great again, we would have, it would be so easy to make this country great. But when I heard about that, they, they were saying I was like threatening. I'm not threatening anybody. They're the ones doing their threatening. They do phony investigations. I've been investigated more than Alfon Capone. He was the greatest. No, it's true. We've no, but think of it, it's called weaponization of government.


It's a terrible thing. Alright. They're the threat to democracy. This is a question. Glad I got that Outquestion, I'm glad I got that out On the recent hurricane Re then Donald Trump claims that the migrants who are lawfully in Springfield, Ohio, who are contributing to the economy and who are beloved in that community, he says that they're basically prisoners and that they're people who have been released from prison. 'cause Donald Trump doesn't understand what it means like to be on parole in an immigration sense versus from prisons.


I mean, play the clip, But the numbers get made up by the people that we can't see in the flights. And all of it has a burden on the economy. So I wanna ask you, and You know the word is probation. They use a word that is, That's one of the programs In order To get the people in. Legally they call 'em probation. Probation is for prisoners. So they use this in Springfield, Ohio. So you have 32,000 people coming into a 50,000 community. You can't get into the hospitals, you can't get your kids into school. They're taking over the school and they're looking for interpreters. 'cause the people that came in don't speak the language. I mean, other than that, it's a wonderful situation. It's, it's, they're destroying our country.


So the parole that he's talking about, that parole program that he is talking about is something that has been pretty opaque. And I, I think now there's a press to find out exactly how many people are coming in through. We do need to know that. Then Donald Trump attacks the family of Amber Thurman, who died after not receiving urgent care needed for an infection because of Georgia's abortion ban. And he mocks them and he goes, oh, I'm gonna get better ratings on TV than them here play the clip. Amber Thurman's family have come out on a press call and they're doing what's called a prebuttal to our town hall right now. Oh, That's nice. Yeah. And I want To get, We get better ratings, I promise.


Then Donald Trump is asked, how are you going to bring the price down? And he starts talking about donuts. Let's play it. We're gonna get the prices down. We can't just leave them up there because it's gonna take too long for people to catch up. That's why I did the social, I mean, we have to like reset. I dunno how you reset two prices that are four Months. You can get the prices down. So lemme Ask you, by the way, energy brings everything down. How does it trickle down? Does it work that the energy is also cheaper for the companies? And so the, the distribution, how does the pricing actually happen? Because the interest rates have come down and inflation rate has come down. But it's like we are going uphill constantly with these Prices. The interest doesn't come down very much and you can't get the money. Look, it really happens if you make donuts, you have the stoves, you have the, this, everything is evolved around energy Here.


Vice President Kamala Harris responds to Donald Trump calling himself the father of IVF. Let's play it To be quite bizarre, actually called himself the father of IVF. And if what he meant is taking responsibility, well then yeah, he should take responsibility for the fact that one in three women in America lives in a Trump abortion ban state. Then of course you've got Donald Trump throughout most of this week selling this new cryptocurrency, li World Liberty fy.


Today's the day. Get your World Liberty FY Token Sale play the clip. Big news, the World Liberty Financial Token Sale is now live. Crypto is the future. Let's embrace this incredible technology and lead the world in digital economy.


Well folks, early voting is right now, it helps if you early vote because it allows the parties to see that you voted and then go and target other voters. So spread the word please and put in the comments that confirm that you voted in the comments below. And let me know how many people, let's, let's make this a competition, shall we? Can we be competitive here with each other? Put in the comments below. How many people you have helped vote? How many people have you helped register to vote? How many people were not gonna vote that you helped to vote? How many people were previously Republican or conservative that are now voting for Vice President Kamala Harris, because of you?


Let's make it competitive and fun. So put it in the comments below. I want to hear your stories. Okay, hit subscribe. Let's get to form. Thanks for watching. Really appreciate you. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.