
Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, honestly, when I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.


Vice president Kamala Harris continues to go on the offense. She spoke in front of a packed crowd in Wilkes Bury Pennsylvania, bringing the fight to Donald Trump, and again, speaking in this very important swing state outlining actual policies as opposed to whatever the unhinged stuff Donald Trump's doing at his events. Watch as vice President Kamala Harris talks about how we need to stop Donald, Trump and mag's full on assault of fundamental freedoms. Play the clip. And I'm traveling our country, and I'll tell you, across our nation, we are witnessing a full on assault on other hard fought, hard won fundamental freedoms and rights like the freedom to vote, the freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom to join a union, And The freedom to love who you love openly and with pride.


Then vice President Kamala Harris says, we're not here with Trump amnesia. We remember what he did. Play the clip To end the Affordable Care Act. Let's remember, like we're not here with Trump Amnesia. We remember, remember when he was president, he tried 60 times to end the Affordable Care Act, and as He said in the debate, just this week, he has no, no plan to replace it. Right? Right. You said it. He said he has quote concepts of a plan, concepts of a plan.


No actual plan. So let's, let's just think about this for a moment. He is going to threaten health insurance for the 45 million people who rely on it based on a concept and take us back when insurance companies. But because we remember where that was, we remember what that was. When insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions. Remember what that was like. Remember? Well, we are not going back.


We are not going back. No Vice president Kamala Harris then outlines a series of policies to help people get good paying jobs, play the clip. I will also make sure good paying jobs are available to all Americans, not just those with college degrees. For far too long, our nation has encouraged only one path to success, a four year college degree. Our nation needs to recognize the value of other paths, additional paths such as apprenticeships and technical programs.


So as president, I will get rid of the unnecessary degree requirements for federal jobs to increase jobs for folks without a four year degree under understanding that understanding requiring a certain degree does not necessarily talk about one's skills. And I'll challenge the private sector to do the same. You know how Mag is always like, oh, well she's not doing interviews. Yes, she is. Here's Vice President Kamala Harris sitting down for an interview again explaining the 200 Republicans who worked for Bush McCain and Romney, who now support her and why play this clip In my heart?


I know in my soul, I know that the vast majority of us as Americans have so much more in common than what separates us. And I also believe that I am accurate in knowing that most Americans want a leader who brings us together as Americans and not someone who professes to be a leader who is trying to have us point our fingers at each other. I think people are exhausted with that approach. To be honest with you, I think people want a leader who has common sense and tries to find common ground. I'm supported by over 200 Republicans who worked for both presidents Bush, John McCain, Mitt Romney.


I'm supported by the former Vice President Dick Cheney Congress, former Congress member Liz Cheney. And I think people are more willing now in light of the, the hate and division that we see coming out of Donald Trump to say, Hey, let's, let's put country first. And I think that just makes us stronger and more healthy as a country to say, look, we will, we can all debate our differences around, you know, various policies, but let's stop with the division like enough of that. Let's bring everybody together. Of course, you know, she calls out Donald Trump for having concepts of a plan while ripping away the Affordable Care Act from Americans play the clip.


Remember when he was president, he tried 60 times to end the Affordable Care Act, and as He said in the debate, just this week, he has no, no plan to replace it, right? Right. You said it. He said he has concepts of a plan. Concepts of a plan, no actual plan. So let's, let's just think about this for a moment. He is going threaten health insurance for the 45 million people who rely on it based on a concept and take us back when insurance companies.


But because we remember where that was, we remember what that was. When insurance companies have the power to deny people with preexisting conditions, remember what that was like. Remember, well, we are not going back. We are not going back. No.


If you make coffee at home, get ready to discover how much better it can be. With trade as America's number one specialty coffee marketplace trade doesn't make any of its own coffees. Instead, they bring together top independent roasters from small towns across the USA places you would love if you lived nearby and curate the best of the best for you to enjoy at home. As summer winds down, I'm getting back into a regular routine. Having coffee from trade doesn't just start my day. It makes it better. The beans are always freshly roasted and perfectly matched to my taste, and that's what makes the difference for me. Great coffee starts with quality beans, and that's exactly what I get from trade. You guys know I take my coffee seriously. I would not put my stamp of approval on just any coffee. And the coffees from trade are the best of the best. Whether I'm making espresso or drip coffee trade has made my at-Home Coffee experience incredible. And I love that when I subscribe to trade, I'm supporting small businesses. They partnered with over 50 independent roasters across the country. I've tried some incredible roasts. One of my favorite right now is from a small roaster in California called Steady State. It's so smooth. I look forward to it every single morning. And what I love most is that trade makes it so easy. Delivering the coffee right when I need it, freshly roasted and full of flavor, that's coffee at home made better. Head to drink trade.com/midas to receive your first bag free. That's drink trade.com/m E-I-D-A-S.


And she says, we need to move forward. Aren't we exhausted by Donald Trump's behavior play? We need a president of the United States who works for all the American people, and that just stops with all the trying to divide us. Like people are exhausted with that stuff. And she talks about the debate where she defeated Donald Trump. Let's play it Three days ago, Donald Trump and I had our debate. You watched it.


So yeah, so here's the thing. So I I take it. Many people here watched it, so, so you'll remember that night I talked about issues that mattered to families across America, like bringing down the cost of living, investing in America's small businesses, protecting reproductive freedom and keeping our nation safe and secure. But that is not what we heard from Donald Trump. No.


Instead, it was the same old show, the same tired playbook we've heard for years with no plan, no plan on how he would address the needs of the American people. Well, folks, it is time to turn the page, Turn The we're not going back. We're not going back and, and we're not going back because we're not going back because America is ready for a new way forward.


And we have Governor Walls right here calling out Donald Trump for not being able to answer the most basic of questions. Play the clip, and Donald Trump continues to try and suppress, continues to try and lie. But at a debate, if the Ukraine question wasn't easy enough, there's one even easier than that. And that one is when you lost the 2020 election. Why do you continue to lie about it? Why do you continue to lie about it? And don't I get it? This idea of trying to say, well, we need to stay fair and all this, we cannot be that frog in that slowly raising water temperature where we recognize that that is normal, that is nowhere near normal.


And what we know is the way to put an end to that is to simply work our butts off, call our neighbors, get people to the ballot box, win this election and let him go complain for however long he wants to complain. Let him go complain. So, so I oftentimes say this, especially at rallies where PE people are showing up on your own time. As I said, again, yes, we understand this is a means to an end. The means is to elect Kamala Harris, the next president of the United States and, and the end of that is a functioning democracy where everybody matters. Where women make their own healthcare choices, where we tackle thing.


That's what we get. Meanwhile, you take a look at the post debate polls. Simon Rosenberg posted it here. Vice President Kamala Harris surges and head in all of these post debate polls. Also, the number one Google search thing in politics right now is Laura Loomer. Donald Trump's extremist top surrogate who Donald Trump idolizes and looks up to perhaps loves her. It's very strange. Google search for Laura Loomer now exceeds the searches for Donald Trump in every state per Google Trends. And just so you can contrast what Vice President Kamala Harris is doing compared to Donald Trump, this is what Donald Trump was talking about earlier today in California.


Let's play It by his hand. Kamala launched her 10 years DA with a San Francisco police group, described as a quote, fire sale for plea deals. They made plea deals. The only one they don't make a plea deal with is Trump. They go after their political opponent, especially when they haven't done anything wrong. You saw more charges were dropped yesterday in Atlanta, Georgia. It's all politically inspired. It's all against their political opponent. And he was talking about this. Let's play it From people that are not smart, from a guy who has good hair, but not as good as it was five years ago, to be honest.


And here's what Trump was saying as well. Let's play it. Mayor Springfield, the mayor of Springfield, Ohio, the police chief, the Republican governor of I all debunked this story about people eating pets and now there are bomb threats at schools and kids being evacuated. Why do you still spread this whole story? The real threat is what's happening at our border because you have thousands of people being killed by illegal migrants coming in and also dying. You have women dying as they come up. They're coming up in large groups. We call it a caravan. I think I came up with that name, but it's really what it is. 10,000, 15,000, 20,000 people. I'll show you one more plate. I love this place.


Look at this. I own this. No partners, no mortgage, no nothing. I own it. And I'm talking so badly about the state. It hurts me to do it. I would never do that. It's except for the fact that I'm running for president and I wanna save the country. So I'd rather sacrifice this than, than lie or not speak. Okay? So you see the contrast there. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.