
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/tech, all lowercase. That's shopify.com/tech.


Ryan Reynolds here for, I guess, my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We honestly, when I started this, I thought I only had to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


Right now, this is what Donald Trump is posting. He posts an AI photo of a cat holding a sign that says, Kamala hates me. Donald Trump is posting an AI photo of kittens that says, don't let them eat us. Vote for Trump. Donald Trump is reposting again. He's doing this right now. This is what Trump is currently doing. He's reposting Elon Musk's repost of the house judiciary, GOP account, the official Republican judiciary House of Representatives account with an AI image of Donald Trump, hugging a kitten and hugging ducks and geese.


So what Donald Trump is posting right now, Donald Trump is posting an AI image of him himself with Kaz and kittens saying, cats for Trump. Donald Trump is reposting an image of himself holding a cat, wearing eyeglasses, running away from black people, and it says, vote Trump 2024 to save me from being eaten. He also reposts this AI image of Elon Musk that says, DOGE. Also on Donald Trump's social media platform. He posts, or this is what's being advertised when you look at the post that he's making, it says, Bulletproof Trump whiskey glasses, assassination edition glasses that he's selling.


Also, a dream singles post where you can find mail order brides. That's what's being advertised on the Trump social media. Ted Cruz, by the way, mag Republican senator from Texas is saying, please vote Trump. So Haitian immigrants don't eat us. How weird, how dangerous. I always say this, this should not be a political issue. The leader of a political party or a leader of anything, a company that you work for, whether it's small, big, medium size, a nonprofit, a social organization that you're a member of, this is not how adults should behave.


This is not how adults should behave. Also, today, there was the news that the city hall in Springfield, Ohio had to evacuate because of Trump amplifying these racist, debunked conspiracy theories about migrants. The city manager, the police in Springfield, Ohio have said repeatedly, Haitian migrants are not going around eating people's cats and dogs and pets. That is not happening. And Donald, Trump and the Mago Republicans are spreading vile conspiracies like this, attacking hardworking Americans each and every day, and just attacking migrants in xenophobic ways every day to try to divide us.


You all know what Donald Trump said at the debate. I don't need to show you what He said there, but I will show you what the latest Reuters Ipsos poll, one of the first post debate poll show, and we're gonna see a lot of these coming in. Vice President Kamala Harris has now opened up a five point lead against Donald Trump. Anybody who watched that debate performance and watched and takes a look at Donald Trump's post, who goes, yeah, that's that guy. That's the guy I want. You must genuinely despise you. You, you must not like yourself or have very little self-respect because that behavior is just objectively odd and weird.


I'll just show you, here's what Donald Trump said at the debate also, and now he's doubling and tripling down on that play. This clip In Springfield, they're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what's happening in our country, and it's a Horrific, horrific stuff.


It's that time of year football season is kicking off, and PrizePicks is the ultimate way to amp up your game day experience. As America's number one daily fantasy sports app, PrizePicks makes it incredibly easy and exciting to play. So here's the deal. You simply pick more or less on player stat projections. It's just you against the numbers, not complicated matchups against other players. You can now win up to 100 times your money on PrizePicks with as little as four correct picks. You can turn $10 into $1,000, sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed price picks is the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off? Which ones are it? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long on PrizePicks preseason football is underway, but you can also pick more or less on 2024 season stats on PrizePicks. Will Patrick Mahomes throw for more or less than 4,300 yards, will CJ Stroud sophomore season result in more or less than 4,150 yards? Enter your season picks before week one kicks off. I made my first $10 deposit and received an instant $10 bonus. If you have the skills you can play for a shot at turning your $10 into $1,000, want to join? Download the PrizePicks app today and use Code Midas and get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code Midas on PrizePicks to get $50 instantly. When you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed PrizePicks run your game.


And I do wanna show you this segment right here on PBS though that talks about the hardworking Haitian community in Ohio that Donald Trump is disparaging and saying that these individuals are eating pets, cats, kittens, going into waters and, and just eating ducks and geese. Here play this clip. It started slowly. We had an application pool that was a little bit different. People Coming to work Here, people, people looking for jobs. What he's welding here again, are welded axle components. Jamie McGregor is the CEO of McGregor metal, which makes welded parts for the auto and farm industries.


Right now, about 10% of his workforce is Haitian over 30 employees. I wish I had 30 more. Our Haitian associates come to work every day. They don't have a drug problem. They'll stay at their machine, they'll achieve their numbers, they're here to work. And so in general, that's, that's a stark difference from what we're used to in our community. McGregor acknowledges the sudden arrival of so many new immigrants is a challenge on multiple fronts, but he believes this is partly how the industrial Midwest can regrow. We Want more jobs in our community, and in order to fill those jobs, some jobs need to be people who are not originally from here. A community of more than 80,000 emptied out to less than 60.


That is until the last few years, Our churches, we've seen new people In the pews. Yes, absolutely. West Bian was the pastor at First Baptist Church for almost 20 years. For years, we've lost people. But you hope somebody else will come and take their place. That that hasn't happened here until now. Because there are folks from Haiti who are coming to church. Lukins MEUs, who among his many other jobs mans the soundboard for Sunday Services is one of those new Haitian members. Why Springfield Of all places? Me, Zeus, with his wife and daughter were among the first Haitian families to arrive here in 2018.


I got a decent job when I was in Haiti and then to make a difficult decision to leave, it wasn't easy. Now this is being amplified by all of maga. Here's Marjorie Taylor Greene at a hearing saying it, play this clip And, and wait, can we add in that there's Haitian illegal migrants taking over towns, eating people's pets? Yeah, but yet there's not a government show of force against that. However, however it is against these people that protested the election. Well, they're not as dangerous. Sorry, sorry to interrupt. No, I just wanted to interject that. Thank you. Of, of that 80%. And then on CNN, the kind of Trump MAGA person who they put on a panel.


And again, you don't need panels for everything doubling and tripling down on, you know what? Just being ignorant to this and saying, oh, you know, I just don't know. don don't have enough facts. I mean, all these maga people wanna spew all the lies each and every time they can. But when they're confronted with Donald Trump lying about this, they go, oh, why are you asking me these questions? I don't know. You're put on a panel and you spread lies. So answer for it here. Play this clip Is the real question. You should lives yesterday. Racial. When He said, when He said, when He said that he wasn't being sarcastic, he wasn't being hyperbolic, he was amplifying a conspiracy theory that I think you would agree, puts a target on the back of Haitian immigrants, and that it is based on racism.


Would you agree on that? Anti-black racism would be more pointed. Do you think that if, do you think that there were 20,000 Scandinavians that have been sent to Springfield? They, you people would be saying that they're eating cats and dogs and geese. I'm, I'm not gonna answer for him. Why not for his memes or anything else, but I am going No, no, But I'm asking you, do you think that fantasy is based on racism? Because I I mean it's an any Because because I'm, because I'm not gonna answer. I don't know. That was I don. That was a long, long pause, Scott. I mean, because because don don't know the answer. And I'm not gonna sit here and answer for somebody. I don't talk to Donald Trump about, no, I'm asking you about the what the motivations are. Answer and I, don and don don't answer to you either. But Scott, what is the, the answer for you? But the, but the bottom line is' trying to give you a thoughtful answer.


But the bottom Line, and I'll just share this with you as well here, is, you know this, this is currently going viral right now. I've seen lots of videos like this of people playing the song for Donald Trump and just mocking him. Here, play this clip. Here's a group of people watching that moment live at a bar. Let's play this clip, Talk about It. Because they're So embarrassed by it in Springfield. They're eating the dogs.


So again, I think that objectively, again, this should not be a political issue. This should just be a human being thing. And you know, when this Republican voter was asked on CNN, why are you voting for Vice President Kamala Harris? I think her response just says it best. She's like, don don't know. 'cause she, she behaves like a human. Like the other guy doesn't behave like a human. Here, play this clip. Will you vote in the presidential election? Yes. Yes. Can I ask who you vote for? Harris? Yeah. Were you Democrats before or Yes, yes. Yeah. Lifelong. Yeah. I'm a Republican. You're a Republican publican and you're going the other way.


Yes. Why? Because she behaves more like a human Aside from the fracking issue. Yes. Yeah. And here's another former Trump voter Republican, and she's like, yeah, I'm not gonna vote for this guy. I mean, who, who to behaves. Like just the behavior is disqualifying play this clip. But it also sounds like this debate's cemented for you that you will never vote for former President Trump, at least again. Is that right? Yeah. I mean, I, I think that people wanna separate policy from character and I just don't see how you can do that.


I can't get behind somebody who maybe I agree with certain policies on, but their character is atrocious and lacks complete leadership. There You have it. We'll keep you posted with more. Hit subscribe. I want to get to 4 million by the election together. Things.