(0s):
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies. While MeUndies can't totally help your love life this Valentine's Day, they can offer you insanely comfy undies and loungewear to buy or gift. MeUndies has so many awesome Valentine's Day prints and styles. Plus, you can match with your partner friends, or even your pets. This Valentine's Day give the gift that'll keep them thinking of you and score huge sitewide savings at meundies.com/spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. MeUndies comfort from the outside in.

(33s):
If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.

(1m 2s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The New year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.

(1m 30s):
Relations between the United States and Europe are absolutely falling apart and falling apart quick. We are now learning that France is prepared to send troops into Greenland, which is part of the Kingdom of Denmark, in order to protect against a possible invasion by the United States, which is what Donald Trump has threatened. Also, we are learning from the French Foreign Minister that he spoke with other European Union leaders as well, and other European Union leaders and ministers of defense also talked about deploying their troops into Greenland to make sure they have Denmark's back, which is part of the European Union.

(2m 11s):
So Donald Trump threatening our NATO allies, our NATO allies, now responding to Donald Trump. This follows, the Prime Minister of Denmark met Frederickson having a meeting with European leaders this week. Here's an article about that. Danish Prime Minister, Metta f Fredrickson says The country has received substantial support from fellow European nations as she seeks support to counter the United States. President Donald Trump's threats to take control of Greenland Frederickson visited three European capitals on Tuesday, meeting French President Emmanuel Macron, German Chancellor, Olaf s Sch, and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutt.

(2m 56s):
She says, I wanna play this for you Right now. This is the French Foreign Minister Jean Noel Barot. Here he is talking about how if the sovereignty of Denmark and Greenland is threatened, France will step up here. Let's play the clip and I'll just note this is in French. So we did an AI voice to translate what he was saying into English. For our English viewers, play this clip Greenland. Since we're talking about Donald Trump, I wanted to mention it. Greenland, do you think Donald Trump intends to annex Greenland? Do you believe it? What I think is that the borders of Europe are sovereign, and whether we talk about the north of Europe, the south, the east, or the west, no one can allow themselves to come joke about borders.

(3m 52s):
And we have said it clearly and we will constantly reaffirm it. Then what is the main issue? The main issue is that the Arctic has become a new field of conflict, and that while Russia was seeking China's support in its war of aggression against Ukraine, Russia has also open access roots to the Arctic, to its Chinese partner. In return, this is what concerns the United States of America today, which is why Denmark announced yesterday it will strengthen its security and military presence in the area by 2 billion euros.

(4m 35s):
In other words, Denmark believes that we too must do more to defend the Arctic against foreign influences or interferences, but that is in no way a reason or excuse to attack the sovereign borders of the European Union. Now, let me show you Denmark Prime Minister Metta Frederickson. Here's what she said. After meeting with European leaders, she called for quote, a stronger and more resolute Europe against the United States, which is now threatening to attack the sovereignty of Europe. Let's play it Right now.

(5m 15s):
We need to step up in Europe. We need a stronger and a more resolute Europe standing increasingly in its own right, capable of defending and promoting Europe and the European interest. Powerful words indeed right there.

(5m 31s):
Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Mades. Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Midas Mighty saying how great Miracle made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why. It uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. Now, these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands, and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer, than the sheets used by some five star. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas. That's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-L e.com/m E-I-D-A-S to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order today, you can save over 40% and If you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.

(7m 28s):
It should also be noted what a strong ally of Ukraine Denmark has been. Also, Denmark historically has been a powerful ally of the United States Danish troops fighting side by side in various America excursions and wars. I know we have so many Danish followers here at the Midas Touch Network, and so all I can say to you is that we here at the Midas Touch Network stand in solidarity with you. We do not support the actions of Donald Trump and his threats. I wanna share with you this video right here.

(8m 10s):
This is of President Zelensky. This was back on November 19th, 2024, so this was after Trump's election, and here Zelensky is talking about what a great ally Denmark has been to Ukraine, how grateful Ukraine is to meta f Fredrickson. Let's play the clip right here. Let's play it. Zelinsky says, A thousand days of full scale war is a very difficult path, and we are enduring it because we have friends like Denmark by our side and leaders like Prime Minister Metta f Fredrickson, share this with you as well.

(9m 3s):
You can just see how the people of Denmark now absolutely just despise Donald Trump. What a, a grotesque character he is. I know the people of Denmark, we have a strong connection with, with the pro-democracy Americans here, and so this is so difficult for us, you know, to have someone like Donald Trump doing this here, a bakery in Denmark starts selling bright orange Donald Trump moron cakes Right now, quote, Denmark should send a box of these cakes to Trump. So they're selling moron cakes of Donald Trump in Denmark, I think, by the way, that is a brilliant idea, and by the way, I agree with you that he's absolutely a, a moron.

(9m 52s):
But folks, things are escalating quick. We previously reported again that Denmark had invested another $2 billion into its military capabilities in Greenland. I'll play this for you Right now. Again, preparing for a possible American invasion. I mean, that's where we're at Right now. And by the way, I'll show you two clips Right now. One clip I wanna show you is of this MAGA Republican Congress member who's out there, and this is how they talk Right now in the United States. It's crazy for me to see saying that America is an apex predator and we have to conquer others. We need to be predators, is what these MAGA Republicans think.

(10m 32s):
Play the clip you Recently introduced to Bill. It gives President Trump the Congressional authority to acquire Greenland. Tell us more about this. Well, you know, for some, that may sound a little bit crazy, but actually the United States has been eyeing Greenland for over a hundred years. Strategically, when you look at it, it, it's wealthy in resources, and when you see increased activity with Russia and China and Arctic Circle and the increased activity with the shipping lanes, it's important for the United States to assert itself and say, look, this is our doorstep. This is our area of operation, and we are, quite frankly, the the dominant predator cop, If you will.

(11m 12s):
But it's important that we fight back against China and send them back to their own hemisphere. Now, Let me show you this clip of people in Greenland when Fox showed up and they were, I guess, surprised that the people of Greenland did not want to be attacked by nations that call themselves apex predators like the United States. Surprise surprise here, play this clip In the hot topic here has been President-elect Trump's comments about buying this Danish territory. Take a listen A lot about Trump and also their opinion about Trump. I hate it. Don't why? And basically, I don't know what's his, I don't know what he's aiming at My, me personally, I want to stick with Danish.

(11m 53s):
Go government. Well, most of the people that we talked with said that they did not support Trump's comments and found them offensive. Well, that's where we are folks, Right now. We will keep you posted as we learn more here on the Midas Touch Network. Now, hit subscribe. Help us get to 4 million subscribers. We're getting there pretty quick. Please subscribe Right now and thank you to all of our international viewers as well. This is an international struggle and we here at the Midas Touch Network, we're we're in it with you. Hit subscribe. Please Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.

(12m 35s):
Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.