
Something big is happening in FLORIDA. Folks, I have not seen the kind of energy that we are currently seeing in FLORIDA in well over a decade, maybe since Barack Obama won the Sunshine State in 2012. There's an absolutely seismic shift happening on the ground as pro-democracy coalitions rise up to say, we are not going back. Recently we did this report on what is happening in FLORIDA after a new poll from Bullfinch dropped showing that Kamala Harris is only down one to Donald Trump in the Sunshine State, sending absolute shock waves through the Trump campaign, who thought that the state was a thing. Now, after we posted our report, we were flooded by so many stories in the comments by the thousands regarding the mass exodus happening in FLORIDA of pro-democracy.


People rising up and saying that they are done with this MAGA Republican party and they are done with Donald Trump. So I wanted to share some of these comments with you, and I wanted you to encourage you to post your own comments in this video. If you live in the state or in red areas or anywhere around the country, let us know what you are seeing on the ground about people standing up against Donald Trump and saying, enough is enough. My name is Brett MICUs with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit the subscribe button. We are on our way to 3.5 million subscribers here at the Midas Touch Network. Thanks to you. Okay, let me go through some of these comments. These are absolutely incredible folks. JJS lied says, comment from my friend.


I'm a Jewish American voter in FLORIDA, and I want to be responsible for Trump losing the 2024 election. Absolutely love that. Thank you for sharing. Tammy says, quote, I've been saying this for months, seeing less Trump flags and decked out trucks in my rural area, Florida. I'm very hopeful. Two important ballot measures will help get more souls to the polls here. And I believe she is referring to the marijuana initiative and the abortion rights initiative, which are on the ballot this November in FLORIDA. That's something we're hearing a lot about also, that people are seeing far fewer Trump flags out there, Trump trucks out there, and in fact, we've seen a lot of people sending photos of Kamala trucks and Kamala flags out there in FLORIDA noting this shift that is happening on the ground.


Eric Brush writes, I'm in FLORIDA, I'm voting blue across the board. Scott and DeSantis are on the way out. Trump is on the way out. Florida is in play. Hopefully we can go full blue with a blue heart. Ariel says, I'm a 50-year-old man living in FLORIDA for 44 years, voting for Kamala. So is my wife, our family and friends, also voting for Harris. Steven Seltzer writes, I'm a Republican that lives in FLORIDA and we'll be voting straight blue across the ballot. Now, you know, we're seeing this idea of Republicans crossing over party lines to vote for Kamala Harris happen across the country. And so I wanted to share this video that we found featuring Pennsylvania Republican voters.


These are voters who are speaking about how the Kamala Harris campaign is courting Republicans and moderates in this election, and this is what they have to say about the campaign's outreach. I found this incredible to hear, watch The Republicans for Harris event. What do you make of the Harris campaign trying to be a bit more bipartisan than their Approach? I, I like that if they're genuine about it and and listening to both sides and hearing what the people really want. And there's a lot of really important issues out there. You know, I've never been a part of something like this where the opposite, like I said, the opposite parties coming in and saying, yeah man, we're gonna, we're gonna do a little event for you. We're gonna make you feel welcome, we're gonna hear you out. And I'm really happy that the Harris campaign is reaching out to Republicans like myself.


And that's the thing, Americans of all stripes, whether you're Republican or Democrat or independent, whatever you consider yourself, those labels simply do not apply. Right Now, it is the pro-democracy coalition against whatever the heck this MAGA thing is. Okay, let's get back into the comments. Linda White had rights. My son and his wife are in FLORIDA and are voting blue, my granddaughter saying, Kamala, Kamala Kamala with her girlfriends at a birthday party. They can't vote, but it does tell you something. LSJ 72 writes, I live in St. Augustine, Florida and I will be voting for Harris. Ingrid. Milford writes, I can't help it. I'm an old lady, but every time I see Americans honking and gathering in the streets with American flags all for Kamala, my eyes fill with tears.


I'm so overwhelmed with joy to see this unity for democracy. Love the Canadian. I love seeing Canadians commenting on what's going on down here. Even they can feel the energy and we are seeing that in FLORIDA and across the country. Hot MEIDAS. Jess writes Voting blue in FLORIDA, Rosie things writes, I wouldn't be surprised if he loses Florida. My Cuban American friends who normally vote Republican are up in arms about his threat of deportation of those who have been here their whole lives and their right to be scared. Donald Trump and JD Vance in recent weeks have taken aim at the Haitian community, for example, in Springfield, Ohio. And I wanna remind everybody that the Haitian community in Springfield, Ohio is there legally, but that's not stopping.


Donald Trump and JD Vance from saying that they want to deport the legal Haitians who live in Springfield, Ohio to other countries. And at one point, Donald Trump said he wanted to deport them to Venezuela for some reason. Watch this. No, I I will. Maybe Springfield, maybe Aurora, maybe both. We'll go there. I can say this. we will do large deportations from Springfield, Ohio. Large deportations. We're gonna get these people out. We're bringing them back to Venezuela. You know, he told Biden he's not accepting anybody back. They moved all their criminals, not all of 'em, but the rest are moving in. Now They


are you interested in having hair that grows faster, stronger, and longer, having visibly thicker volume, experiencing noticeably less, shedding thicker lashes and brows? All of this is possible with neutrophil. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people see thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding in just three to six months. With neutrophil thinning hair is different for men and women. So a one size fits all approach to hair growth doesn't cut it. Neutrophil has multiple formulas for men and women that are tailored to different life stages, such as postpartum or menopause and lifestyle factors such as a plant-based lifestyle. So you could get just what you need. Physician formulated with a hundred percent drug-free ingredients. Neutrophil supports healthy hair growth from within by targeting key root causes of thinning, stress, hormones, aging, nutrition, lifestyle, and metabolism through whole body health. While many supplements rely solely on ingredient studies, neutrophil clinically tests final formulations to ensure their efficacy. In a clinical study, 72% of men saw more scalp coverage after taking Neutrophil Men Hair growth supplement for six months. And 86% of women saw improved hair growth after taking Neutrophil Women Hair growth supplement for six months. Get result you could run your fingers through for a limited time. Neutrophil is offering our listeners $10 OFF, your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to neutrophil.com and enter the promo code Midas. Find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend neutrophil for healthier hair. That's neutrophil.com, spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com. promo code Midas. That's neutrophil.com promo code Midas MEIDAS.


And people all over the country should know if he's coming for the legal Haitian migrants, he will come for any sorts of immigrants in our country. Nobody is safe and don't think you are safe just because you are legal, because he will target you the same way he is targeting the Haitians. Here's a comment from Tropic Breeze Realty, who writes, I'm a veteran who lives in southwest Florida and I vote blue go Harris. Blue Hearts from Jacksonville, Florida writes Rogue Scarecrow six. Julie b writes, I am door knocking this weekend meeting a bunch of ladies for dinner tonight, Michigan Women for Harris 2024. This is something we're seeing in all the swing states, just voters activated, ready to go out, ready to spread the word and end this Trump show once and for all Mellow King rights.


Being a North Florida resident, I'm shocked to see bumper stickers for Harris Walls being so prevalent here. And I had read you that Associated Press story the other day about the villages that people now are feeling less afraid to speak out about their support of Kamala Harris and about democracy in the state because the winds are shifting. Greg USA writes, I live close to the villages and have a pro-America anti-Trump bumper sticker on my car with an American flag emoji. I absolutely love this. And by the way, if you want to be spreading the message as well, we have some incredible merch on our website@store.midastouch.com. Make sure you check it out.


It's really good stuff. A hundred percent Union made in the USA like our mind, your own damn business. Harris Walls T-shirt like these Kamala. And these were not going back wristbands, which you could share with friends like these. We are not going back T-shirts and so much more. Check 'em out@store.midastouch.com. Publix rights. I have 15 family members voting blue in FLORIDA, including me, born here and we're voting blue full ticket. Samuel McLaren writes the Retired, people of Florida don't want Trump to take their social security and Medicare away Thank you Samuel. And that is such a astute point, and this is something that we need to point out, right, that a Trump Vance administration would have devastating effects on people.


And it's not even just social security and Medicare and retirees that need to worry about Project 2025, agenda 47 Donald Trump. They are targeting employees of companies their overtime and they don't want them to be paid for the work that they do. This is real stuff. And so the Democrats brilliantly this week held a hearing in the house on Project 2025 and representative Debbie Dingle was speaking about the fact that under project 2025, employers could force workers to work more than 40 hours a week without paying them time and a half. I think more people need to understand the ramifications of another Trump presidency. Watch this. Buried in Project 2025 is a not so secret plan to eliminate overtime, pay the generous gift to corporations, an insult to the American worker.


Many working families, especially in my state of Michigan, but in many others across the heartland of America and the rest of the country, rely on overtime to make ends meet and to save for their future. In fact, we know that many workers take on jobs specifically because employers offer over time. But under Trump's project, 2025, employers could force workers to work more than 40 hours a week without paying them time and a half. In other words, you work harder and you earn less.


Workers deserve better. Now let's get back to the comments, focus through and evolve. Rights currently live in FLORIDA in a neighborhood that had numerous Trump flags in 2020. I've only seen two for blocks this year. I'm telling you, this year feels different. This is a story that we have now heard a lot over the past few days and weeks. Darren writes, I live in FLORIDA and I can't wait to vote for Harrison. Walls F Trump, the global information, man rights voting for Harris Walls in southwest Florida. Ground zero Republican bastion, dark priestess rights. My mother lives in FLORIDA and she's voting blue up and down the ballot. Let's do it Florida. Jason Avery writes, as a North Florida resident, Trump is going to lose Florida.


We are flipping back to blue like we did for Obama. Your words to God's ears, Jason Avery. But we cannot do it without this community right here. We cannot do it without people like these commenters being unafraid to speak out and let their voices be heard. So here's what I need you to do. Remember to subscribe to this video. We are on our way to 3.5 million subscribers here at the Midas Touch Network. Remember to share these videos and share these messages. Make sure you are registered to vote and make sure your family and friends you're registered to vote. You could do that@vote.org. This is all so incredibly important. Alright, Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in a bit with some more updates Real quick, MEIDAS changed their algorithm to suppress political content.


Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.