
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip. Works. Wonders.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


Another day, another world leader telling Donald Trump to go pound sand, or in this case go pound ice. The Prime Minister of Greenland, a territory of the kingdom of Denmark, can't believe I'm putting this in a sentence, is telling Donald Trump that he cannot conquer Greenland or try to buy it or acquire it, that it belongs to the people of Greenland, that it is its own country. I want to talk about that. I also want to talk to you about the relationship between Greenland and Denmark, the kingdom of Denmark, but specifically what Adolf Hitler did in Denmark, the invasion of Denmark, the Jutland Peninsula in in 1940.


And we can go into the pathologies here as well between Hitler and Trump regarding either Denmark or territories of Denmark. And I think it's important that we give some historical context in case you were not aware. So here's what Donald Trump posts. He says, I'm pleased to announce that Ken Howie is my choice to be the ambassador to the Kingdom of Denmark. You wanna take a guess what Ken's background is? Aha. Venture capitalist private equity guy. That's right. He is a venture capitalist. He started the Founder's Fund and he turned American innovation and tech leadership into a global success story.


He's a private equity guy, CEO, working for the billionaires. Okay? But then Donald Trump goes on to say, for purposes of national security and freedom throughout the world, the United States of America feels that the ownership and control of Greenland is an absolute necessity. Ken will do a wonderful job in representing the interest of the United States. Thank you, Ken, and congratulations. So if you're saying, wait a minute, Ben, wasn't this the post that he made about Panama and conquering Panama or some other country? Yeah, yeah. He did that as well. And then he moved on to Greenland. Now the language here, so You know, Greenland's part of the Kingdom of Denmark, which is a NATO ally, and it became a NATO ally based on its experience when it was neutral and Nazis invaded it and controlled it during World War ii.


That's why I think it's important to go over the history. So Trump attacking a NATO ally and announcing an ambassador right here, notice the language Trump used to for purposes of national security and freedom throughout the world. The United States of America feels that the ownership and control, that's just straight up authoritarian language right there, very Putin esque, very Hitler esque in its idea of conquering territories. And by the way, that's not how the United States feels at all. That's how Donald Trump feels. And by the way, this goes back to an obsession that Donald Trump's always had.


Remember in 2019, during the first disastrous Trump administration where he would make posts like this, I promise not to do this to Greenland, and it's a Trump casino, or the Trump Tower in Greenland, a big ugly, fake gold gaudy thing in a beautiful territory of Greenland. So that's what he posted in 2019. So in response, Greenland's Prime Minister Mue Aga Day says, Greenland is not up for sale. It's not yours. Go away the same way the Panama leader said the same thing, Panama's president said, go away.


Every square meter of the Panama Canal belongs to Panama and will continue to belong to Panama. Trump then responded to the Panama leader saying, we will see about that and then planting a flag in the Panama Canal. Donald Trump did the same thing in Canada, although he did it in Switzerland with his AI meme. He was pretending it was Canada and showing that he was conquering Canada to which Prime Minister Trudeau said that there will be retaliatory tariffs on Trump if the United States tries to tariff Canada.


Same thing in Mexico. Claudia Scheinbaum is talking about the importance of Mexican sovereignty and also threatening to retaliate against the United States if there are tariffs against Mexico. So while Donald Trump thinks that he's being, I don't know if he thinks he's being funny and trolling countries that are our allies in NATO during various serious times, notice who Donald Trump isn't attacking or going after. He's not attacking or going after President Xi of China. I thought Donald Trump was gonna be all tough on China. No, he invited President Xi to the inauguration, but President Xi said, no, I'm not going to attend them.


How Closely do you track your bank statements and credit card transactions? I honestly don't have time to do it as much as I'd like, but Rocket Money makes it so much quicker and easier to stay on top of my finances. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money, you can see all of your checking, savings, credit cards and investments in one convenient place, allowing you to understand your spending trends. Rocket Money can help you set up a custom budget by identifying top spending categories and suggesting areas where you could adjust your spending habits. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you when you're close to going over budget so you can save more and spend less. Maybe you wanna spend less on dining out or on new clothes. Rocket Money will give you the keys to easily make those decisions. They also have a goals feature that automatically saves money for you. So you don't even have to think about it. Whether your goal is to pay off your credit card debt, set away money for a house, or simply save you money, Rocket Money makes it easy. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. Sometimes by up to 20% saving money on a cell phone or cable bill and not having to deal with customer service yourself. A dream come true. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members and has saved its users over $1 billion with a B across all of the apps features. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get Rocket Money today at Rocket Money dot com slash Midas touch. That's Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch.


Donald Trump is also not being tough at all or saying anything negative about Vladimir Putin. And what are they doing on Vladimir Putin's state run tv. Take a look at this. They are mocking the United States. Not only that, but to show Donald Trump, who's his daddy, Putin's doing this on purpose. Putin's having state run media in Russia mock Donald Trump's wife, Melania. Just think about that. That's what they're doing right there. And they're running photos of Melania in her like modeling, like nude.


And then they're laughing at it and saying, I thought it's your body, your choice in America. Do whatever you want to do there. While all of this is taking place, China is feasting. China loves this. 'cause China gets to now go to all of these countries and say, look, we've got a belt in roads policy and all we're trying to do here is build up your country. Can we invest in your country? America's gonna bully you will be a reliable ally. And while it's propaganda coming out of Beijing, in contrast to what Trump is putting out there, just think about how countries are responding to this.


You know, as the Politico says in this article, frustrated and powerless and Fight with China for global influence, diplomacy is America's biggest weakness. You, you think when people are doing that type of thing, that's going to build bridges both metaphorically and literally. I don't think so. So just could we take a look just for a second? Just so do a little bit of geography here. You can see where Greenland is and you see where Greenland is. You know, the earth is round. So you see where Greenland is in relation to, for example, Finland, Sweden, Norway, and Denmark. Take a look right here.


You can see as well, You know, just where it is in relation to it. Now, Denmark, which technically controls the territory of Greenland, although Greenland functions as an an autonomous country, basically Denmark joined NATO in 1948 to 1940, right in that 19 48, 49 period. So Trump is attacking a NATO ally. Now, the experience though of why Denmark joined, I, I think this is an interesting historical lesson to talk about as well, which is how Hitler invaded Denmark.


So at the outset of World War ii, in around September of 1939, Denmark declared itself neutral. And frankly, German leadership, even in Hitler's party, was not thinking about, oh, well we need to invade Denmark or take over it. But what ended up happening was, was that Hitler himself basically took the equivalent of a Sharpie and then looked at the julan, the, the peninsula in Denmark and basically said, that belongs to us and we're going to take it over. So it was really a decision by Hitler himself to go and do it.


You know how like Trump draws with the Sharpie like Hitler drew with the Sharpie, what was going down? And then on April 9th, 1940, Germany began occupying Denmark. And it was, You know, a, a very, for the pride of people in Denmark, You know, it, it was a time period though that's viewed back, back then as something that never should be repeated in history, which led to their decision to, to join nato. So now the fact that Trump is, You know, taking his own Sharpies and doing these, You know, memes Yes. Is are they trolling?


Yes. I mean, You know, is is Trump a big troll? Is Trump clownish? Yes, but I think you have to understand the historical lessons of these countries though, to under and, and Trump doesn't, to understand national traumas that are caused with these acts rooted in history that then make people in Denmark go, oh, well, You know, Trump's not re You know, the, the, we, we've heard this story before, sicko, madman, authoritarians, just declaring things like this and then it being bought into by oc cult base, and I'll just show you this, this is what Fox News, I put news in quotes, what they're saying.


They're trying to actually pitch what Trump's saying has a real idea, and they're funneling it through, like people who look like they're delivering the news, not that there's any real serious newscaster on Fox, but they have like their serious ones, the the closest they have to a serious one going out there and doing it here, watch this. They Say Greenland's not for sale, but sometimes things aren't for sale until they are for sale. And when you look at Trump, I mean, this is a guy who bought Mar-a-Lago for $7 million. He knows how to cut a deal. Well, anyway, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Love This video.


Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to lipsy ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.