
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and precedent in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G, pt, what do you know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


the FBI arresting a state court judge alleging that a state court judge obstructed an immigration arrest operation that the feds wanted to do inside the judge's courtroom, which the FBI had then announced on Twitter now x, in which the Attorney General then posted on Twitter. Now x it's a sentence that would be unfathomable. Harry Lipman. In normal times the very idea that the FBI would be kind of lurking outside of a state court judge's courtroom to try to do an infiltration operation in a criminal proceeding that a judge was presiding over.


This happened. Just to remind everybody what I'm talking about. Milwaukee County Circuit Court Judge Hannah Dugan, she's presiding over her daily docket. Last week was a case before her involving a alleged domestic violence incident. And you know, these judges go through lots of cases. It's not just one case usually on the day, and they go through their full docket of criminal cases. The feds, the FBI, they want to go into the courtroom and for a state court judge in our system of federalism, I've never heard of without coordination or anything like sting operations taking place in state court judges courtroom, the allegations, If you just accept all the allegations, basically being said by the FBI and DOJ as true the feds last week, they wanna get into the courtroom.


Judge Dugan basically has this individual who's there, Eduardo Flores Ruiz, who the who Ice and the Feds wanna detain. And the judge accepting all the allegations as true, which I, we don't necessarily know is the case from the feds and the DOJ. The judge then basically says to the individual, you know, you could go out the back door or you know, here's, here's where you can go because my courtroom's not gonna be used for operations without my knowledge and consent. And then on that basis, And that happened last week on Friday, the FBI, basically what shows up during her Friday docket and like, like arrests her, cuffs her, you know, and, and, and throws her and throws her in jail.


Then the head of the FBI Cash Patel announces it on social media. Pam Bondi announces it on social media. You know, and this seems to be one of these issues that the performative D-O-J-F-B, I wanna say this guy was a bad guy. Domestic violence. Look at his background. Who would ever want this guy? This judge was trying to help someone who beats his wife. I mean, really this is a judge who does that. So they're, they're doing that thing to try to divide public opinion on this issue, Harry Wright, and make it seem like how could you defend this judge doing it? But what they really want to do here is trample my view on federalism state's rights, federal rights, and start doing sting operations in state courts.


And I'll, I'll toss it to you, Harry. The one of the big issues that concerns me is that this guy who's charged with domestic violence, he showed up to court and if the judge would've made the finding that he did it, he probably would've gone to jail for that. How many people now who could be charged with crimes? Because our system is, is are you gonna get thrown into El Salvador concentration again? What's gonna happen If you show up to court? Are people just not gonna show up to court anymore? And it's gonna have a fundamental breakdown of law and order. That's how I thought about it. You break it down, Harry, from your lens as someone who you know was a leader in the DOJ and was the United States attorney in Western District of Pennsylvania.


Alright, let's start with the point you just made. Of course Bondy makes a big thing about how this precipitated a chase on the streets. How dangerous that was. Your point is absolutely right Ben. The bigger danger is people not showing up, including accused criminals. But my viewpoint as a former US attorney and someone who worked with the FBII have no viewpoint 'cause nothing like this could possibly happen. There was one case that the Trump administration brought in 2019 and the Biden administration dismissed against a state court judge. But at least in that case, the state court judge was deceptive, tried to hide. The guy had an off the record sidebar conference and the like, all Judge Dugan did was say, not in my courtroom.


Not in my courtroom. By the way, six plain clothes, FBI guys are showing up to make an example. And they wanna use the state because these people have gone through, this is what they say anyway, the security apparatus are less likely to be armed. Guess what? Very strong principles that used to be articles of faith of the Republicans that you can't commandeer the state to do your business that way. So she did nothing other than control her courtroom and say, If you wanna arrest him, don't do it in here. And they did arrest him in order to be charged with obstruction under federal law, you need to have some corrupt act.


That's what they tried to pin on that previous judge, judge Joseph, I don't know what they're gonna say about Dugan except she said, oh, you can go out this exit. Not that one. Again, it is her courtroom. So we can say without the faintest doubt, super aggressive move to try to put the fear of the feds in the state court and in a, in a municipality Milwaukee that has some allowance for trying to keep the feds from just imposing their anti-immigration policy. So they're wanting to make dugan the sort of scapegoat for that. I don't think it'll fly.


My best guess is the whole prosecution will collapse. But on top of everything else that Patel and Bondy, the head of the FBI, the highest federal law enforcement officer of the land come out and notwithstanding the presumption of innocence, absolutely tarred this judge. Compare her to, you know, a, a terrible bondy compares her to some kind of terrible machine gun welding harboring of a defendant. What happened here is she said, not in my courtroom. That's the thing we always have to remember. And there are issues of judicial immunity issues of what you can force the states to do. But I'm, I'm gonna have, I have trouble seeing what the corrupt act is when she said, go ahead arrest them.


And by the way, they were negotiating with the chief judge in that courtroom at the same time, just not in my courtroom. I don't take kindly to having my criminal docket here and you guys are hovering out front waiting to call or somebody as soon as they get out. That's not the way you should treat your co sovereign state court. So I, I think this was a purposeful kind of attempt to make an example of this sitting state judge. We would never have considered it. But to make an example of her and under circumstances where it's probably not gonna hold up in any event, you can say it's way over the top to try to make a big deal about their anti-immigration policy.


You know, and just hovering outside a state courtroom without the judge's knowledge, till she finds out on Twitter that they're there to arrest. You know, that's just not the way it works with coast sovereigns, federal and state system. When you and I do these videos together, we try focusing mostly on the legal stuff and really getting in the weeds and not so much the political, but there's a parallel here that I think is worth noting. You know, that the headline grabbing day that the Trump regime wanted was this thing happened. Look, we arrested a judge in Wisconsin who is, look what we're gonna do. States you need to scare, you need to be scared the same way they go for the headlines each day.


90 deals in 90 days. Yeah, we're doing, you know, and, and, and then it turns out as you dig deeper and you poke holes in it, it's all a bunch of BS and it all falls apart. So on their best case scenario, they had a day where they got a headline out and they got to tweet about it on Elon Musk's social media platform. But now this goes to federal court in a federal judge in Wisconsin, and a judge, a federal judge is gonna see a state court judge, you have to think these things through when, oh, why you said it un unfair. A state court judge is gonna walk in there with probably a army of the top lawyers, pro bono who are gonna be representing this judge.


And there's, there's gonna be a lawyer now who the DOJ has to send in justifying this thing. Who's that guy gonna be? Or gal gonna be? Who's gonna be there? A federal judge is gonna say, what the hell did you do? You went into this, and from both a legal understanding of what the obstruction statute says, If you are a judge in your courtroom about to enforce justice against this individual in your, in your own courtroom with your state law, how could you and the person is showing up, showing up. You're obstructing what the judge is saying.


This person was here on a domestic violence charge. I'm a state court judge. I'm tr if anything, this would be the great argument, right? You obstructed my ability to be a state court judge and do what I was doing. If there's any obstruction here, it was you, the feds, you obstructed me, we were gonna probably put this person in jail or make sure state law was applied. And you created this situation by doing it this way. Harry, I'll give you the, the final word on this topic. Yeah, well just, you know, by the way, so this, this is completely, it's not just going into her courtroom, but this kind of big talk about it is, is exactly setting up the showdown that's going to happen.


But this is one, Ben, you, you mentioned politics properly here because this has really been the story of the day. Once again, they've, they've stepped on it, but the politics and the law coalesce here because there is all kinds of doctrine. It was the sort of shining jewel of the Republicans around the year 2000 that says you can't make the states cooperate with you. There is a difference between forcing them to hand over or be complicit in an arrest and not obstructing, had she hid the guy in her basement or whatever, okay, fine, but that's not what we have. And now they're gonna run broadside into doctrine, much favored by right wing judges about how you can't force states to be pardon and parcel of federal policy this way.


And you know, they, I told you there was another case before it didn't get to this issue 'cause they dismissed it, but this is where everything was teed up to be. So good luck with what they're gonna say about this doctrine that they embraced so ardently before there's something special people recognized in politics. But guess what, it's also there in law about coming in and trying to mess around. And commandeer would be the legal word, the state, political and judicial system into doing federal policy. You know, I, I have a lot of issues as people know with this Trump administration, but almost foundationally, they're a bunch of losers.


Like, this is a loser move to do that. Seems like what a annoying law student would like. Make a joke about, you know, during a class of a hypothetical and you'll be like, can we just study for the final? Like, what are you talking about? Right? A a it's not the final. And they do, They do the thing and, and you're like, okay, I I I get it. And, and then, you know, look, there are people who are non-lawyers who will hear this story at first and go, okay, you know, maybe the judge shouldn't have done that. But then it's just one of those things that then becomes a death by a thousand blows and the holes get poked in it and then, and then they end up losing and the trumpet administration looks losing and they just look weak.


And, and it's pathetic looking and it's just, it's not a good look. I'm not trying to help them out. Yeah. I just, it, it, it bugs me to see a bunch of losers running this thing. I'm like, ugh, such a loser lowbrow. Like, ugh. Move Five more, more seconds. I wanna give you two numbers. 90, the number of days he served 108. Now the number of preliminary injunctions the courts have entered against his, his moves And a lot of them Reagan appointees, George W. Bush appointees, Trump appointees, yes, some democratic appointees, but on balance, not a drastic difference of Democrat versus Republican judges.


Anyway, Harry talking Feds, YouTube talking feds, Substack talking Feds podcast. Everybody subscribe to all of those. Just search talking feds, hit subscribe. It's where I get my legal news from. Thanks Harry. Thank You, Ben.


Can't get enough. Midas check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas plus.com.


American Giant makes great clothing sweatshirts, jeans, and more right here in the us. Visit american giant.com and get 20% off your first order with code staple 20. That's 20% off your first order@americangiant.com code staple 20.