
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip. Works wonders


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


Well, that was fast. One of Donald Trump's key cabinet picks has just announced that he is withdrawing his name just like Matt Gaetz. Now, can you guess why this cabinet member who Donald Trump nominated our potential cabinet member is withdrawing his name? Did you guess child sex trafficking allegations wrong? Did you guess sympathizing with Russia and spreading Russian propaganda wrong? I want you to meet Chad Chronister right here, who is currently the Hillsborough County Sheriff in Florida. He was named Donald Trump's head of Drug Enforcement Administration.


Now, let me show you what crushed his nomination. You ready for it? Here it is. Let's play it. Hello, I'm Sheriff Chad k Chronister. March 25th is the Tampa Pride Diversity Parade. It has become a historical annual spring event in Ybor City when Florida weather is the most enjoyable. It's a time for love and unity, celebrating equality for everyone. The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office is ready to celebrate our employees and our community as we prepare to show support for all people. We focus on compassion, understanding, and inclusion as your sheriff. I'm proud of the diversity within our agency.


We're over 4,000 strong, and we come from all walks of life with a variety of backgrounds and differing ideas. It's what makes us great as we represent the community we serve each and every day. We'll see at the Pride Parade celebrating the diversity of our amazing community. That's right, the Cardinal sin of Mago Republicans. He supported Pride events as the sheriff representing a community and being inclusive of all people. Trump's DEA nominee drops out. Maggie hated the pick because he marched in a pride parade, had a DEI program and supported two red flag laws, two major Trump nominees already washing out.


Here's the statement from Chad Chronister, the sheriff of Hillsborough County in Florida. To have been nominated by President-Elect Donald Trump to serve as administrator of the DEA is in honor of my lifetime. Over the past several days, as the gravity of this very important responsibility set in I, I've concluded that I must respectfully withdraw from consideration. There is more work to be done for the citizens of Hillsborough County and a lot of initiatives I'm committed to fulfilling. I sincerely appreciate the nomination, the outpouring of support by the American people, and look forward to continuing my service as sheriff of Hillsborough County.


Now, what does that say about the Magar Republican Party where they are so all in on defending Pete Heif with credible rape allegations against him, which he denies, and also the story that broke in the past 48 hours about booze, strippers, debt, and NDA claims by the two veterans groups that pushed him out, and how about the fact that he's a guy and he denies the allegations? Let's be clear about that. He's a guy who has never led a military company in his life, never commanded a company, but Donald Trump picked him to be defense secretary.


And so while the mags forced out the sheriff of Hillsborough for Pride events, they were all in on TV defending He exit today. So you've got Richard McCormick here, MAGA Republican saying or defending him. No, sorry. This is Senator Sullivan here. Here's what he said. Let me play this clip for you. Let me play that one instead. Let's play it. The Pentagon needs a serious course corrections, so I'm gonna have a lot of questions for him, but I think you know, he's, he's the kind of guy who can do that. You have questions about these allegations don't come Out. Yeah, I mean, but there's a process for that.


Sometimes you gotta take these allegations seriously. Sometimes even when you take 'em seriously, they turn out to be inaccurate.


Lumen is the world's firsthand held metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath, and on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism, whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shifts so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen, And I know you will too. So If you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, L-U-M-E-N. Do me slash Midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUE n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time. Go to lumen.me/midas, LUME n.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Oh, okay. Okay. You contrast that. Oh, you, you wanna know one of the other key reasons why they got rid of Chad Chronister. Here's a Mago Republican ex account Liberty Watch. They also say that Chad Chronister was involved in Covid tyranny. They've accused him of Covid tyranny, so he couldn't get support amongst the mago Republican senators. He here. Here's the Covid tyranny that he engaged in, and this is what Liz Wheeler says. A mag influencer, Chad Chronister is a covid tyrant who arrested a Christian pastor for holding church in person during the pandemic. Chronister held a press conference bragging about the arrest.


Chronister abused his power. He's unfit to lead the DEA Trump should withdraw his nomination. Here's Chad Crowder's post from March 30th, 2020. This is the height of the pandemic. He goes announcing the arrest of Dr. Ronald Howard Brown, pastor of the river at Tampa Bay Church, who intentionally and repeatedly disregarded state and local public health orders, which put his congregation and our community in danger. Here, by the way, is another one of these videos that Chad k Chronister posted of himself supporting Pride Month. Here play this clip. Hello, I'm Hillsborough County Sheriff Chad k Chronister, and I'm very happy to celebrate Pride Month within the entire Tampa Bay community.


This month we celebrate equality, understanding, and inclusion. At HCSO, we are a very diverse agency. Everyone who works here comes from different walks of life, bringing their talents, skills, and points of views to help us serve and protect our great community. Our diversity is always what makes us strong. Happy pride month, everyone, And that's how you get, that's how they push you out in maga. Now, Fox working in overtime, they bring in Jason Miller, who's got a lot of accusations against him. You could Google what the Jason Miller accusations are at strip clubs and other places.


You Google do your own research what those accusations are. But just take a look and they bring in Jason Miller to talk about rehabilitating. Pete Hegseth here play this clip. Pam Bondy was up there yesterday and Pete Hegseth was up there yesterday. I think the volume of some of the personal attacks on some of your, some of the nominees are stunning, including our buddy Pete Hegseth, who wrote a book about the Pentagon served 20 years in the military, has been decorated, chose the infantry after Ivy League education. You've seen what he's able to accomplish for veterans, but does the volume of the attacks surprise you? And does it make the president, what? Does it make the president waver or or wonder?


No. There's a reason why President Trump picked Pete Hegseth to lead the DOD two time Bronze Star recipient. Someone who served in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan. As you said, Ivy League pedigree. You want someone there leading the DOD who has served in combat, who knows what it's like to get be shot at, because a big part of the reason why President Trump won, he said he is gonna stop these endless Wars. And the latest reporting Republican senators who met Monday with Pete Hessa, president-elect, Donald Trump's pick for defense secretary, brushed aside sexual assault allegations and other allegations against him. And they talk about meeting with all these MAGA Republicans who are like, all good, all good.


We're gonna spend all our time talking about DEI this or DEI, that it's my brother. Brett says, you know what, the real meaning of DEI is didn't earn it when it comes to Trump's picks. Like Pete Exif didn't earn it. You wanna know who did actually earn it though, was this Hillsborough County sheriff as Anna Navarro. Cardena says, it's a damn shame. Sheriff Chronister is a widely respected Florida sheriff and is one appointee who was actually qualified for this position. So the actual qualified guy gets forced out because he supports diversity and pride and L-G-B-T-Q rights and DEI initiatives, which mag's like, that's the cardinal said Pete Heif, they all rallied around and, and, and, and defended.


Now I'm recording this video of he early, so it's po i I I don't think he exit's gonna last. That's my, that's my guess. I think it's a matter of time for he exit. But, but you know, And I say that now just in case some something in the news changes, but you see where the priorities lie in maga And as I've said before, they're the pro child sex trafficking party. They spend all these weeks defending Matt Gaetz for the child sex trafficking and said, we shouldn't care about it. What, what, what? Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.