
A B, C Thursdays. Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just Another doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna Sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are unbelievable Glazes Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on A, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


Hello, treasure Coast. Those are the Martin County Democrats fired up in FLORIDA, but it's not just them. Democrats and Republicans and Independents uniting fired up to make sure that Donald Trump does not get elected. And from what I'm hearing, not just the poll numbers, but from all of my sources on the ground in FLORIDA, they say that Florida can be flipped, that it's the real deal. Yeah, the polls are showing that Vice President Kamala Harris is within four points of Donald Trump. But as you dig deeper and you don't just see the energy in places like the Villages, you take a look, which is normally very conservative, but they know that Donald Trump's gonna take away their Medicare and take away their social security and also screw the world for their grandchildren and future generations.


So people are fired up and joining forces together. But then the Haitian community in FLORIDA comprised of over 500,000 Haitians who vote. And remember that sign that they had in Uniondale Long Island. When Donald Trump spoke there recently, they said, you know what? We don't eat pets, but you know what we do? Do we vote 500,000 Haitians in FLORIDA here from the Miami Herald? They wrote the following Big mistake, south Florida, Haitians slammed Donald Trump's false claim about immigrants eating pets. As we said on the Midas touch social media accounts.


It will be the sweetest karma in history if Trump loses Florida because of lying during a debate and continuing to perpetrate that lie thereafter, that Haitians, that Haitians and Haitian migrants are eating people's pets and that he wants to take the Haitians and send them back to Venezuela and deport people who are here lawfully. That's what Donald Trump said. Think about this. In 2020, Donald Trump only beat President Biden in FLORIDA by 371,686 votes, 372,000 votes.


Say there's over 500,000 Haitians who live in the South Florida area who get this. They vote also as Ben Friedman says, Donald Trump's margin in 20 2370 1000 already the Florida Dems in August alone have knocked on over 400,000 doors. The ground game is real. Here is Nikki Free who chairs the Florida Democrats along with the Democratic National Committee Chairman Jamie Harrison. They say Florida's in play play this clip. Hello, I'm Nikki Freed chair of the Florida Democratic Party, and I am here tonight in the 3 0 5 because we know that the road to the White House goes through Miami-Dade County and to make sure that the entire country knows that Florida is in play.


We've got the boss here, DNC Chairman, Jamie Harrison, folks, Florida, Florida, Florida. Don't sleep on Florida. We know for a fact that when we fight, we win and we had a room full of people, a room full of fighters, and we are happy about it. Not only are they from Miami-Dade County, but they're also from Orlando, Florida. And the only way we're gonna win this state and take it back is ensuring that Democrats and all people go out and vote for freedom. Vote for justice. And that's what we're gonna do this November. Woo. Let's Have but October 7th, voter registration deadline. So make sure you've got a plan to register to vote and then vote on November 5th when We fight, we win. Here's one more clip of Nikki Free saying Democrats are gonna win Florida.


Here, play this clip. Hello everybody. I'm Nikki, free chair of the Florida Democratic Party here in Orange County with another incredible chair in the state of North Carolina. Anderson Clayton is here in the state of Florida to make sure that we together are taking back this country. I'm getting out to vote so please, Florida, make sure that you do. We both in North Carolina and Florida sit in super minorities right now for the Democrats in our state legislature. And we've seen abortion rights be stripped from folks across our states this last year with Republicans that have taken over our states. So please make sure that you get out and vote, take shifts with the Florida Democratic Party and let's do everything we can to defeat Donald Trump this November. That's right, because when North Carolina and Florida go Kamala Harris game over.


So we'll see you in November And Democrats are being led in FLORIDA by some great candidates up and down the ballot like in Florida's 13th congressional district right now it's occupied by Anna Paulina Luna MAGA extremist. She wears the AR 15 pin. She was like the swimsuit model before the MAGA swimsuit model. Who would perform with those performative AR 15 images in the bikinis? That's her claim to fame in MAGA world. Also, she has a very George Santo ish type of like story in the sense of like she has multiple names and who's her family and where is she really from?


And like just a very shady background. But here's Whitney Fox, who's the democratic candidate who lots of people believe is gonna beat Anna Pauline Luna. And just, just take a look at, at what Whitney Fox has to say here. Play the clip. I Decided to run for Congress because a fire lit inside of me when I had a baby. The medical bills, the lack of paid parental leave, the lack of affordable childcare. Surely we're not all okay with this being the way we start American families. That coupled with the fact that now my two daughters are growing up with fewer rights than I did. So I decided I had to stand up and do something about it. And that's why I'm fighting for my community here in district 13.


And folks, look, you know it's bad for Donald Trump when the Miami Heat need to put out a statement like this. The Miami Heat staff like Miami itself is a diverse and brilliant mix of vibrant cultures, including many members of our Haitian community. The false narrative surrounding them is hurtful and offensive and has sadly made innocent people targets of hateful speech and physical threats. Our Haitian employees, fans, and friends deserve better powerful statement right there.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made bedsheets. Miracle Made sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics. Inspired by NASA Miracle, Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do. Now thanks to Miracle Made sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself Thank, you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


I mentioned that Donald Trump was out in Uniondale Long Island saying horrific things about Haitians and other migrants. And so in response, the Haitian community leadership and Haitian community activists had a message for Donald Trump, for Donald. Trump and JD Vance. Here play this clip Very disturbed by these comments because JD Vance, instead of retracting and apologizing, he's doubling down and changing his story and saying, oh, constituents are calling my office saying that they saw someone eat a dog or cat or Garfield. I don't think so. He's lying. I challenge, I ask the media to reach out to Senator Vance and ask him for the records of his legislative office.


We wanna see what constituents are actually saying. These lies, Reba, who works in my office, we record the phone number in the name of every person that calls our office. That's what a legislative office is supposed to do. And so we're gonna ask JD Vance, show us the proof. That's right, because there is no proof you're a liar. That's you are lying about such good people. That's right. That's un-Christian. How dare you. How dare you go to church. You don't deserve to be a senator. That's right. And I'm asking Elon Mosque, I know you were in space today, but honestly, you act, you act like a space cadet. How dare you double down on these lies and spread these fallacies and spread these lies through Twitter or X or whatever you call it.


You're not even American. You're South African. And the allegations are that it was a South African who was, who was taking the goose and the geese, whatever the, the duck. So you know, these statements are completely false and there's no way they could justify or verify it Thank you. You know, and as I mentioned before, I mean you've got Donald Trump out there again saying he's going to deport Haitians who are here lawfully to Venezuela here play this clip. I can say this. we will do large deportations from Springfield, Ohio, large deportations.


We're gonna get these people out. We're bringing them back to Venezuela. I think a OC puts it best where she goes, you know what? You people, you, you xenophobic people you don't even know where Venezuela, Columbia, Ecuador, Guatemala is on a map. So don't be lecturing me on a all of your xenophobic racist policies. A OC nails it here, play this clip. Days like today is, are really deeply felt. I'm gonna speak briefly as the highest ranking Latino or Latina on this committee. We hear a lot of rhetoric on both sides about the issue of immigration.


And it is precisely because it is seen as a border issue that millions of people suffer over and over and over again. It does matter that she was, that vice President Harris was not the board, quote unquote border czar. And let me explain to you why, because what Vice President Harris has been tasked with under President Biden's administration is addressing the root causes of immigration. Once you have millions of people at the southern border of the United States, you've lost, we need to understand why people are coming to the southern border of the United States and mitigating that in the first place.


And frankly, when we turn the page and look at what happened in the Trump administration, we have to see where folks are coming from. And I am tired of hearing from people who cannot point out Venezuela, colomb, Ecuador, Guatemala, on a map telling us about how to mitigate the millions of people seeking refuge. We should be eliminating the reasons why people are seeking refuge in the first place under the Trump administration. Donald Trump participated in, in what we saw under in Venezuela and many of the, the regime change activities that were happening there.


And what we saw most, most desperately are the horrific sanctions that were placed, not not targeting specifically the Maduro regime, but the Venezuelan people, innocent Venezuelan people that are being starved of food and basic resources. That is what is contributing to a destabilizing environment and part of what they are fleeing. And that is not to conflate the Venezuelan people with the Maduro regime because I, and Then right here, vice President Kamala Harris's VP pick Governor Wallace's like, and then you have JD Vance who admits to making up stories and lying about migrants, lying about the Haitian community in order to accomplish what, to do what just to be racist and, and to, and to gin up support amongst what you're just MAGA white base here.


This is what Governor Walls had to say. Play this clip This last weekend. Donald Trump's running mate, Senator Vance did a really remarkable thing. He got called out by a fair and free press that are a part of our democracy and fundamental to the freedoms of this country. He got called out by that press about telling vicious, hurtful lies about immigrants. But he did something, he did something, he told the truth. They asked him if maybe it was an accident or he didn't mean it. No, he said, I admit it. I'm willing to create stories to spread fear to drum up support for us Now.


Now the only thing amongst this group is, is no kidding, we've been been seeing that for years. That's yes. But at least they admitted it. At least they admitted it. So you gotta ask, what other things are they making up stories about? I think, you know, I think you know, the reason you do that is, is because if you told what you really stood for, no one would vote for you. And that includes the folks who think that because you know, you have your neighbors who are out there. Hell, we have 'em, we have 'em in our families, don't we know? So, but that's what happens. And they, I don't really like Donald Trump, but I Like what he stands for. Oh, really? Suppressing women's reproductive rights. Is that the one you want? Or is it cutting taxes for billionaires while you get screwed in the middle class?


Is that the one you like? Or is it ignoring real problems like our children being shot dead in schools? Is it those things or whatever. So I think for all of us, the truth here, you know who Donald Trump is, you know, the pain that he caused. Donald Trump's not stopping, he's posting more cat memes. Kamala hates me. Don't let them eat us types of memes. I mean how despicable can you get right here? He's spoke in Wilmington, North Carolina in the past few days. And here he said that, that the migrants are, are attacking villages. Where, where Donald? What villages are you? The villages. What are you even saying here?


play the clip. And what a shame that is, right? What a shame that is. And you see it how bad it's getting when you look at what's going on with the migrants attacking villages and cities all throughout the Midwest in particular right now. But it's all over. Well, I know the villages here are the villages right here. This is happening on a, a fairly frequent basis right now where there are golf cart parades, spontaneously erupting to support vice president Kam la. Here's one of the more recent ones. Play this clip. I'm sorry, yeah, I'll take some pretty.


So again, do the math. The exact number of Haitians living in FLORIDA 544,000, give or take, president Biden lost by 371,000 votes. You add that. And then this coalition of Republicans plus Democrats plus independents layer on it that you have a critical vote on DeSantis six week abortion ban. And remember Donald Trump flip flop Donald Trump first said that he was going to vote against the six week abortion ban, and now he says he wants to keep the six week abortion ban in place here.


Everyone, Donald Trump said this, Play it. You Voting yes or no on Amendment four in FLORIDA. So I think six weeks you need more time than six weeks. I've disagreed with that right from the early primaries when I heard about it, I disagreed with it. At the same time, the Democrats are radical because the nine months is just a ridiculous situation that where you can do an abortion in the ninth month. And you know, some of the states like Minnesota and other states have it where you could actually execute the baby after birth. And all of that stuff is unacceptable. So I'll be voting no for that reason. And in addition to a referendum on women's reproductive rights on the ballot, you also have in FLORIDA a marijuana referendum on the ballot as well.


So that's gonna drive a ton of turnout here. I wouldn't be surprised if we've got many, many, many new voters in FLORIDA, people who haven't voted previously. So keep your eyes on Florida. Keep your eyes on Florida. I'm Ben Marcellus from the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe if you can. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.