
We are clear-eyed about what we are up against. And we remember that generations of Americans before us led the fight for freedom. And now the baton is in our hands. Now it's in our head. It's In our head. That was Vice President Kamala Harris, shredding Donald Trump in front of APAC crowd in Madison, Wisconsin. Earlier on Friday, she spoke in front of APAC crowd in Atlanta, Georgia. She of course, referenced the debate last week where she defeated Donald Trump in it, play the clip.


But in our debate last week, remember when He said everyone wanted Roe v. Wade to be overturned? Well, exactly. I don't know where everyone is either because women have been arrested and charged for miscarriages. They didn't want that. No. Vice President Kamala Harris then discusses the importance of healthcare and just how not seriously Donald Trump takes it. And what a threat he poses to our basic health. Play the clip. Yes, this is a healthcare crisis. And Donald Trump is the architect of this crisis.


He brags about overturning Roe v. Wade in his own words, quote, I did it and I'm proud to have done it. He says he is proud. Proud that women are dying, proud that doctors and nurses could be thrown in prison for administering care. Proud that young women today have fewer rights than their mothers and grandmothers. How dare he? How dare he? Vice President Kamala Harris then continues to talk about the debate. Let's play the clip. And in our debate last week, well that was fun, but, and I know everyone here paid attention to the words though the words, Right?


I'm trying to get another debate. We'll see. She then goes on to talk about how Republicans, and specifically MAGA Republicans are out there blocking bills in the Senate that would protect IVF. We see what they're doing because they're voting to block IVF. We see it, play it. And on that last point, you probably saw this week, for the second time, Republicans in the United States Senate blocked a bill that would protect access to IVF treatment. Now consider among the multitude of ironies, the fact that on the one hand, these extremists wanna tell women they don't have the freedom to end an unwanted pregnancy.


And on the other hand, these extremists are telling women and their partners, they don't have the freedom to start a family, okay? And they want to restrict access to contraception as well. Vice President Kamala Harris then talks about how, how we all felt when the Dobbs decision came down. And she describes it as predictable and preventable when it comes with, when it comes to these MAGA policies. Let's play it. And that she should be alive today and that she should be alive today.


And many of us remember, there's so many leaders here from two years ago when the Dobbs decision came down, we knew this could happen. There is a word preventable, and there is another word, predictable. And the reality is, for every story we hear of the suffering under Trump, abortion bans, there are so many other stories we're not hearing, but where suffering is happening every day in our country.


An untold number of people suffering women who are also being made to feel as though they did something wrong. The judgment factor here is outrageous being made as though to feel as though they are criminals, as though they are alone. So to those women, to those families, I say on behalf of what I believe, we all say, we see you and you are not alone. And we are all here standing with you, standing with you.


You're not alone. You not alone. This was one of my favorite moments. Listen to what the audience member says. I won't ruin it for you. Play. And now Donald Trump says that he would personally cast his vote in Florida, which is where he now lives to support their extreme abortion ban, just like the one that is here in Georgia.


Well, that's a whole different policy discussion that we'll have for another day. Did you hear that? They said, Fallons can't vote. Vice president Kamala Harris then goes on to say that, you know, when Donald Trump and his running mate talk about how, oh, we believe in exceptions to save the mother's life. Watch how she describes it here, play It Trump and his running mate. And they'll talk about, oh yeah, but I, you know, I I, I do believe in the exception to save the mother's life. Okay, alright, let's break that down, shall we?


Let's break that down. Let's break that down. So we are saying that we're gonna create public policy that says that a doctor, a healthcare provider, will only kick in to give the care that somebody needs if they're about to die. Think about what we are saying right now. You are saying that good policy, logical policy, moral policy, humane policy, moral, Moral Is about saying that a healthcare provider will only start providing that care when you're about to die.


And so Amber waited 20 hours, 20 hours, excruciating hours, until finally she was in enough physical distress that her doctors thought they would be okay to treat her. But it was too late. She died of sepsis and her last words to her mother, which her mother, as you know, tears up and cries every time she speaks it.


Last words to her mother, promise me you'll take care of my son. Oh, And then she says, remember the name Amber Nicole Thurman play It. And she was headed to nursing school and her name, and we will speak her name. Amber Nicole Thurman. Amber Nicole Thurman. Amber Nicole Thurman. That's right. She then calls Donald Trump and JD Vance. And these maga hypocrites play it.


One in three women in America lives in a state with a Trump abortion ban. This includes Georgia and every state in the South except Virginia. Think about that. When you also combine that with what we know has been longstanding neglect around an issue like maternal mortality. Think about that. When you compound that with what has been longstanding neglect of women in communities with a lack of the adequate resources they need for healthcare, prenatal, during their pregnancy, postpartum. Think about that. And these hypocrites wanna start talking about this is in the best interest of women and children.


Well, where you been? Where you been when it comes to taking care of the women and children of America? Where have you been? How dare they? How dare they come On?


Midas Touch is brought to you by bookshop.org. You may be watching or listening to our show right now, but are you reading enough? It's time to dive back into books and conquer that reading goal you set for yourself this year with bookshop.org. There are so many great books out right now that help you make sense of this moment. Or maybe you just wanna get away from the political noise and unwind with a good novel. bookshop.org has just the book you're looking for. bookshop.org is unapologetically antiaz Amazon. Why? Because when you purchase from bookshop.org, you're supporting local independent bookstores. So they'll be around for all of us to enjoy in the future. They're committed to helping independent bookstores not just survive, but thrive and continue to foster culture, curiosity, and a love of reading in your community. bookshop.org has raised over $30 million from local bookstores. You can even pick which bookstore you wanna support, whether it's your local bookstore or your hometown favorite. bookshop.org is truly for everyone who loves to read and knows the power of a good book. I just finished reading the attributes 25 Hidden Drivers of Optimal Performance by Rich Devinney. And I cannot recommend it enough. This is one of bookshop dot org's bestsellers. And after reading through it, I totally understand why start feeling good about where you buy books. Use code Midas to get 10% off your next order@bookshop.org. That's code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to get 10% off@bookshop.org.


She then talks about a fight for freedom. Let's play this clip. Oh, Georgia. The this election right here is a fight for the future. It is a fight for the future. and it is a fight for freedom. For freedom. And we know in America, freedom is not to be given. It is not to be bestowed. It is ours by right, it's ours by right. And that includes the fundamental freedom of a woman to be able to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do.


Yes. Let's also take a look at what she was saying in Madison, Wisconsin, in front of apac crowd there. Here's one of my favorite parts of that speech. Let's play the clip. Some of you might have seen the debate last week that I had with Donald Trump. It was fun. And I talked about issues that matter to families across America, like bringing down the cost of living, investing in America's small businesses, protecting reproductive freedom and keeping our nation safe and secure.


But that is not what we heard from Donald Trump. Instead, it was the same old tired show, the same old tired playbook we've heard for years with no plan on how he would address the needs of the American people. Well folks, it's time to turn the page, Time To turn the page. And America is ready to chart a new way forward. We are ready.


We're ready. We're ready for a new generation of leadership that is optimistic about what we can do together because we're tired of all that division and hate. They're pushing. We here know the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. And that's what our campaign is about, understanding that this is a people powered campaign. That this is a campaign about building community, building coalitions, reminding us all that we are all in this together and that we're gonna be good.


And all right, We're In this together. Which is why Democrats, republicans, and Independents are supporting our campaign because they want a president. We want a president who works for all the American people. And I promise you, that is the kind of president I will be. I Promise that Here is another part of the speech right here. Play it. We also need to lower the cost of living because while our economy is doing well by many measures, prices for everyday necessities like groceries are still too high.


You know it and I know it. So I have a plan to lower costs on everything ranging from healthcare to groceries, including taking on corporate price gouging. And my plan includes giving a tax cut to a hundred million Americans, including $6,000 by expanding the child tax credit for the first year of a child's life, to help young and new parents buy a car seat, a crib, baby clothes, in that most significant phase of their development.


And all of this is to say, I will always put the middle class and working families first. I come from the middle class and I have never forgotten where I come from. And I never will, and I never will Show you this clip right here. Let's press play 46 days until the election. And what we know, this is gonna be a tight race until the very end. So let's not pay too much attention to the polls, because let's be clear, we are the underdog in this race and we have some hard work ahead of us.


But here's the thing. We like hard work. We like hard work. Hard Work is good work, hard work is joyful work. And finally, here she is. Let's play the clip. So Madison, election day, yes, in 46 days. And early voting has already started in some states. Early voting in Wisconsin starts in just 32 days. And in fact, many of you may have already received your mail-in ballots. Check this out in person.


Early voting begins in Virginia and Minnesota today. Today. And don't we love Tim Hall? He's so good. He's so good. So all that to say, the election is basically here. It's basically here. And we have work to do, to energize, to organize, and to mobilize and to remind everyone. Your vote is your voice. And your voice is your power. And never let anyone take your power from you.


So Madison, today I ask you, are you ready to make your voices heard? Do we believe in freedom? Do we believe in opportunity, unity? Do we believe in the promise of America? And Are we ready to fight for it? And when we fight, we Win? God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.


Well, if you can hit subscribe, let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thank you so much for watching and have a wonderful day. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.