
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael do com slash spotify podcast spelled B-A-B-B-E-L com slash spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This is an important message for military retirees, their families and active duty family members. Did you know you have a TRICARE Prime option that gives you more without costing you more for more than 35 years? Johns Hopkins, US Family Health Plan has delivered high quality care to military beneficiaries. Visit belong@hopkins.com to learn more about the difference Johns Hopkins US Family Health Plan can make for you and your family. That's belong@hopkins.com.


So we've heard a lot recently about Donald Trump starting a trade war with our allies, but that may be the least of our worries. We are now hearing reports that Trump is thinking of starting an actual war with MEXICO. You heard that right? Donald Trump is debating a full scale invasion of Mexico allegedly to stop the flow of fentanyl. This could include sending troops, firing missiles, you name it. And these reports are corroborated by some of Trump's closest advisors past and present, not to mention comments Trump has made himself. My name is Brett Marcellus with the Midas Touch Network. Make sure to hit subscribe and help us get to 4 million subscribers. This is the new reporting out of Rolling Stone.


Headline team Trump debates quote, how much should we invade Mexico in Trump's government in waiting? The only question is how massive the US assault on Mexican drug cartels should be. I wanna emphasize here that's not if we should invade Mexico, which would be crazy enough, but quote, how much should we invade Mexico? I'm gonna get into this new reporting in just a minute, but first I wanna remind you that this is not the first time Trump has suggested this. Here's a clip from 2023 of Republican James Comer saying that we should have our military on the border and troops in Mexico. He also said that Trump ordered the military to bomb meth labs in Mexico, but they refused to follow orders and he said that that was a mistake.


watch this. I believe we should have a military presence at the very least on the southern border, if not across the border. You know, one of the things we learned post-Trump presidency is that he had ordered a bombing of a couple of fentanyl labs, crystal meth labs in Mexico just across the border and for whatever reason, the military didn't do it. I think that was a mistake In 2023. Trump ally Republican, Lindsey Graham said he couldn't think of a better use of our military than to bomb Mexico. watch this There at war with you. You need to be at war with them. I can't think of a better use of our military than the blow up labs in Mexico killing young Americans.


Alright, we're back anyway. Anyway, We're back. And if you remember back in 2022, there was a whole lot of reporting out there saying that Trump frequently asked about bombing Mexico while he was president. There was this piece about reporter, Maggie Berman's book that said quote, Trump weighed bombing drug labs in Mexico after he mistook advisor new book shows. Then there was Trump's former Secretary of Defense, mark Esper, who came out with a book called A Sacred Oath, and in that book he also mentioned that Trump spoke about attacking Mexico per esper. Trump wanted to bomb Mexico and then lie about it. Esper wrote quote on at least two occasions in the summer of 2020 once in the Oval Office and a second time in his private room just off the oval.


The President approached me about a sensitive issue slightly hunched over with his hands motioning in front of him like a quarterback gesturing for a long snap. He asked me if the military could shoot missiles into Mexico to destroy the drug labs and take out the cartels Standing close to me as he spoke, the president complained that the Mexican government isn't doing enough, getting irritated as he spoke and adding quote, they don't have control of their own country if we could just knock them the drug labs out. He said this would do the trick. What do you think he asked? These conversations were quite troubling to say the least. On one hand, I shared his concern about illicit drugs being trafficked into our country and respected his passion for wanting to stop this dangerous trade, but asking the US military to shoot missiles into a sovereign country and worse yet, our friend and neighbor definitely was not the way to go about it.


Working hard to conceal my shock at this idea. I said, Mr. President, we could do that. And as much as I want to stop these drugs too, shooting missiles into Mexico would be illegal. It would also be an act of war. I recommended that we look for more ways to help the Mexican government deal with the problem such as increasing the training intelligence and equipment we are providing them. We should also take another look at ideas that were tabled in the past, but to simply launch air or missile strikes into Mexico would not only violate international law, it would also destroy our relationship with MEXICO and damage our global standing. I said Trump took these objections in persing his lips as he listened, he then suggested we could just shoot some patriot missiles and take out the labs quietly adding preposterously.


That quote, no one would know it was us. He would simply deny that we launched them. I had seen Trump spin his own reality before, so I had no doubt he was confident in his ability to persuade people. We had not launched the attacks. However, we did not live in a world where the United States could strike another country and no one would believe the missiles were not ours. I also couldn't imagine the President would resist taking credit for the attack anyway, it was nonsense, plain and simple. If I hadn't seen the look on the president's face, I would've thought it was all a joke. He wanted to get this planned and done by Labor Day. Around then he said just a few months away I was speechless. Trump thought this was the only way we could really stop this terrible trade.


I took a long pause and then said again, quote, this would be an act of war, Mr. President, and there would be no way to keep it quiet. Esper then went on. Fox and Fox host Brian Kilmeade of course, tried to justify these comments by Trump. And Esper again reiterated that what Trump was suggesting was illegal and an act of war. watch this. These are almost like think tank questions when you guys are throwing out ideas and do you think it's right to put that in a book? Well, he didn't propose sending a quarter million troops to the border. That was Stephen Miller. I never had that discussion with President Trump. But with regard to shooting missiles in New Mexico, yes, I thought that was an act of war. It was illegal, it should not happen, and those things should be discussed.


And we did have a meeting, a national security council meeting. I describe it in a book where we sat around in the situation room and discussed how to address the issue with cartels.


Tis the season y'all and we could all use a break. If you're looking for a great gift for somebody or for yourself, look no further than Cook Unity Cook Unity makes dinner easy, healthy and satisfying. These are fresh meals delivered directly to your door using local ingredients, allowing you to enjoy your meals at a fraction of the cost and time. Go to Cook Unity dot com slash midas and enter code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S before checkout for 50% off your first meal with over 350 meals made by award-winning chefs to choose from. There's something for every craving. Whether you want something light, hearty or adventurous, you can browse the menu by protein cuisine or dietary need. And new chefs are always joining the team, so there's always something exciting to try. I just had the adobo chicken, mac and cheese. Ooh, it was really, really, really good. It tasted awesome and took away all the stress after my busy day. The convenience is just unbeatable. Meals are delivered, fully cooked. You just heat them up in five minutes and you're good to go. No prep, no cleanup, and no stress. And at prices starting as low as $11 per meal. It's a fraction of the cost of eating out. Give the gift of delivering mouthwatering meals crafted with local ingredients and award-winning chefs with Cook Unity. Go to Cook Unity dot com slash midas or enter code Midas M-E-I-D-S before checkout for 50% OFF your first week. That's a 50% OFF your first week by using Code Midas or going to Cook Unity dot com slash midas.


And I'm not going to play this clip of Trump, but here's a screenshot of him from Bedminster in 2022 admitting that he did in fact want to bomb Mexico. The caption to this video here reads at bedminster Trump said he quote, did not want to deny the leak that he wanted to fire rockets into Mexico and was gleeful saying that quote, people loved it. Let's dig back into this new reporting from Rolling Stone. They write within Donald Trump's government In waiting, there is a fresh debate over whether and how thoroughly the President-elect should follow through on his campaign promise to attack or even invade Mexico as part of the war. He's pledged to wage against the powerful drug cartels. Quote, how much should we invade Mexico says a senior Trump transition member.


That is the question. It is a question that would've seemed batty for the GOP elite to consider before even during Trump's first term. But in the four years since many within the mainstream Republican centers of power have come around to support Trump's idea to bomb or attack Mexico, Trump's cabinet picks including his choices for Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State have publicly supported the idea of potentially unleashing the US military in Mexico so has the man. Trump has tapped to be his national security advisor. So has the man Trump selected as his borders are to lead his immigration crackdowns. So have various Trump allies in Congress and in the media. Trump who has routinely and falsely promoted himself as the candidate who would stop endless wars now wants to lead a new conflict just south of our nation's border.


But at this moment, it is in the words of one Trump advisor, unclear how far he will go. On this one, the source adds quote, if things don't change, the president still believes it's necessary to take some kind of military action against these killers. Another source close to Trump describes to Rolling Stone, what they call a quote, soft invasion of Mexico in which American Special Forces not a large theater deployment would be sent covertly to assassinate cartel leaders. Indeed, this is a preliminary plan that Trump himself warmed to in private conversations this year for this story. Rolling Stones spoke to six Republicans who have each talked to the twice impeached, former and now future president about this topic.


Some of these sources have briefed Trump on these policy ideas in recent weeks. These proposals of varying degrees of violent severity include drone strikes or airstrikes on cartel infrastructure or drug labs sending in military trainers and advisors to Mexico, deploying kill teams on Mexican soil, waging cyber warfare against drug lords and their networks, and having American special forces conduct a series of raids and abductions of notorious cartel figures. In some of these private conversations, including during this presidential transition period, Trump has told confidants and some GOP lawmakers that he plans to tell the Mexican government that they need to stem the flow of Fentanyl to America somehow in a span of several months or else he will send in the US military.


As Rolling Stone has reported since at least last year, Trump has solicited specific battle plans and different military options for attacking Mexico. Senator Marco Rubio, whom Trump chose to serve as Secretary of State, has endorsed the idea of sending US troops to Mexico to combat drug cartels under the conditions that quote, there is cooperation from the Mexican government and that such operations are done in coordination with the armed forces and the Mexican police force. Fox News commentator Pete Hegseth, whom Trump chose to lead the Pentagon said last year that it could be in the national interest to deploy the military against the Mexican drug cartels, which he has referred to as quote terrorist like organizations poisoning our population.


Quote, if it takes military action, that's what it may take, eventually said hegseth, obviously you're going to have to be smart about it. Obviously the precision strikes, but if you put the fear in the minds of drug lords, at least as they start and they can't operate in the open with impunity, it changes the way they operate. You combine that with actual border security, now you're cooking with gas and you got a chance. Trump's pick for National Security advisor, representative Mike Waltz last year co introduced legislation to create an authorization for use of military force to target Mexican drug cartels, asserting it would quote, give the president sophisticated military cyber intelligence and surveillance resources to disrupt cartel operations that are endangering Americans.


Trump's incoming border czar. Tom Holman recently pledged that Trump would use the military against drug cartels in Mexico. President Trump is committed to calling them a terrorist organization and using the full might of the United States Special Operations to take them out. He said, Senator Lindsey Graham, one of Trump's top allies on Capitol Hill, similarly introduced the legislation last year to designate Mexican cartels and other transnational criminal organizations as foreign terrorist organizations. He did so after promising that America would unleash the fury and might of the US against drug cartels in Mexico and that Congress would give the military the authority to go after these organizations wherever they exist.


Meanwhile, Mexican president Claudia Scheinbaum has responded to Trump's tariff threats, basically saying that not only are Trump's accusations against Mexico false, but that the drug trade is driven by the demand from America and that 70% of the illegal weapons seized from criminals in Mexico actually come from the United States. This is a video of her with subtitles responding to Trump. Check this out.


So Can we agree, folks, that this is absolutely insane that we don't start wars with our closest allies and invade our neighbors, and can we finally put to rest this MAGA lie that Trump stands for peace. Anyway, we are going to continue to call this new administration out every single day, but we can't do it without you. Remember to hit subscribe, help us get to 4 million subscribers. Go ahead. Also unfollow us on blue sky. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today.