
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middlemen to learn more paid for by pharma.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.


Sometimes these MAGA make posts that are just so shocking. I guess nothing should shock us, but I have to double, triple, quadruple checks sometimes. Like did they really just post that? And the answer often inevitably is yes. So Marjorie Taylor Greene posted the following. She writes, if Democrats are going to play the pardon game, then we should do the same thing. Trump can just blanket pardon all of us too, because remember Marjorie Taylor Green's gotten into a few things. Now she's writing this after President Biden announced that he was pardoning Hunter Biden in connection with checking a box on a gun form in like 2018, saying he wasn't under the influence of drugs at that time, which no one's ever been charged with other than Hunter.


And Hunter was also charged criminally with a felony for paying his taxes late, which is usually a civil penalty for most people. But Marjorie Reen asking Donald Trump for a blanket. Pardon? Now when you find yourself agreeing with MAGA extremist Laura Luer on things, you know you've entered the Twilight Zone. So Laura Loomer responds, mocking Marjorie Taylor Green 'cause they got beef. Laura Loomer goes just in Marjorie Taylor Green. Admit she has done something that would make her need a pardon. Come on, Laura Loomer. Don't make me ever agree with you on things. Now let's remember what Marjorie Taylor Green was doing at or around the time of the insurrection.


Remember we saw her text messages at the January 6th committee hearings, like messages like this. Hey, I need to talk with you about a plan we are developing on how to vote on the electoral college votes on January 6th. I need a senator And I think this is a major help for you to win on the fifth, talking to Kelly Loeffler. And then she sends this to Kelly Loeffler, who by the way, I thought was gonna be the agricultural pick by Donald Trump, but wasn't. Hi Kelly. I have organized a meeting with Trump, his legal team and members of electoral college votes for Joe Biden and several key states on January 6th. It's tomorrow at two.


Can you come to the White House? It's an informal meeting and planning session. December 20th, 2020 at 6:23 PM or how about this one from Sunday, January 17th, 2021 in our private chat with only members, several are saying the only way to save our republic for Trump is for Trump to call martial law. I don't know on those things. I just wanted you to tell him she's sending this to Mark Meadow saying that Trump should declare martial law. I just wanted you to tell him they stole this election. We all know they will destroy our country. Next, please tell him to declassify as much as possible so we can go after Biden and anyone else right there.


And look, I think it's important that we make these links here, right? President Yun of South Korea, remember his declaration of martial law, which parliament quickly overruled, but President Yun wanted to, and he did put the military in the streets, wanted to shut down the country and basically turned into a dictatorship. The permission structure to do things like that and for people with dictator leanings in the past, they wouldn't try it. But it's stuff like this that gives people a permission structure. And let me just be very clear, Midas mighty.


If Donald Trump were to ever declare martial law here in the United States, let me be very clear, we will be marching to Washington DC immediately. We will not back down. It will not scare us. We will be there together. If you want to join us, we will be there on the front lines. We will not back down. We'll not listen to a ridiculous fake marshal law or they can lock me up or do whatever we're, we will not back down. Anyway, I digress. You know, there are so many people who are, who are saying to, well now that P is a, it's a ridiculous argument. So many bad takes about President Biden pardoning his son Hunter, which I think was the right move to make.


That's just me, but, but I see this, I hear these bad takes saying, well, well now Donald Trump can pardon the January 6th Insurrectionist. Trump was gonna do that anyway. He said it at all of his events. Pardoning the insurrectionists, the January 6th, he called them the hostages and pardoning the hostages right then in Donald Trump's post about Hunter Biden being pardoned. He's like, so why don't you pardon the January 6th hostages, Joe? Okay, why? How is that related? You have a non-violent offender in Hunter Biden who's accepted responsibility for his actions for charges that no one else has been charged with, ever in a politically motivated case that no one's been charged with by a Republican special counsel.


And might I add a judge? You appointed Donald Judge Eileen Cannon made a ruling in your case where you stole nuclear secrets. She ruled that special counsels don't even exist. So for you, special counsels don't exist. But for Hunter, they apparently do exist and Republican special counsels can prosecute people. Anyway, but I digress. But here's a video. March 9th, 2024. This is Marjorie Taylor Greene saying how excited she is for Donald Trump to pardon and free the January 6th insurrectionist. So notice when she uses the language, Trump can just blanken pardon all of us to she puts herself with that crew Here play this clip.


Say too, you mentioned January 6th. I wanna thank you for being a supporter of those who are imprisoned in jail because you've visited them. You let them know that they have help on the outside because I cannot imagine not just being one of them, but also a family member Yeah. Of them when their hands are tied and they know that their loved ones should not be there. They did nothing wrong and you have advocated for them. So thank you for That. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, they're being still being arrested. It's an average of one a day. Something that won't change until we get President Trump back in office. So that's another reason for Georgia to get out and vote for Trump. Yes. Yes. Agree. The January 6th there Marjorie. So good. Now here's Marjorie Taylor Green back on March 4th, 2024 saying that it's an outrage that the insurrectionist went to jail play this clip.


Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool biotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day, Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make Z biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, for example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends, and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO Technology Z Biotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of moderate living. Go to z biotics.com/midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout z biotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So If you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


I need Republicans that will not waiver. Here we are. Here's a man sitting next to us that went to jail over our election integrity. This is the, this is the day we live in every single day. On average, there's another person arrested for January 6th. Do you know that? Yes. Every single day a new person is arrested and charged with all kinds of crimes for either standing on the Capitol grounds or walking through the Capitol on January 6th. Now, going forward, the Democrat. Now, Do you remember when Marjorie Taylor Greene then led a delegation of MAGA who went to the DC jail and played like board games and sang songs with the January 6th insurrectionists?


Remember when they did that? Fortunately, Democrats had Jasmine Crockett there. Jasmine Crockett is a real fighter. She speaks from the heart. Now, one of the introductions I had to Congresswoman Crockett was right here when she was, when the MAGA sent a delegation to the Insurrectionists, and again, corporate media was like normalizing that. They're like, oh, well Biden this bite on that, but let's just not talk about the how crazy it is that Mag sent a delegation, which is usually reserved for like sending a delegation to our allies abroad, right? So as Donald Trump attacks our allies, Canada and Mexico, they send delegations to insurrection.


So ridiculous. But here's Congresswoman Crockett here, play this clip. But what was interesting was some of the things that are offered and anyone who's ever had a loved one that's been incarcerated, they understand that this is not the norm. I mean, I don't know what world Marjorie Taylor Green and Bo Bird and the rest of them are living in, but even in the women's area, I've got my notes that I was reviewing art therapy, yoga, acupuncture. I mean, these are things that we can't even find, like in my district for my people like that aren't incarcerated, right? They have these tablets that they have access to, they're able to get on these tablets. I asked to see the tablets. I saw the tablets.


There's two different types of tablets where they're given access to education. I mean, they went out of their way today to make sure that they provided us with a folder full of all the things that they are offering these January six inmates as well as others, they've got a barber shop. There's, there's all kinds of stuff that I've never seen, and I've been practicing law for almost two decades. So let me ask then, in terms of these other posts by Marjorie Taylor Greene, it's posts like this. The FBI raided Barron's bedroom, but not Hunter's bedroom. Just think about that. Cash Patel needs to dismantle the FBI and rebuild it.


There are people that need to go to jail. Hunter was criminally prosecuted by a Republican special counsel. Donald Trump had his own judge dismiss the case against him saying, special counsels don't exist. Then he had the Supreme Court claim that you can't commit crimes if you're the president, which is the most ridiculous thing. Literally upending our system that no one is above the law. You've got Marjorie Taylor Greene making posts like just finally came out of the Turkey coma to see all the dem hysteria and panic attacks about the Great Cash Patel being FBI director. The same people want to keep Chris Ray who pulled FBI child sex investigators off tracking down pedophiles and had them track down MAGA grandmas that went into the capitol on January 6th.


Instead, cash is going to bring a sledgehammer to the FBI notice all their language about their cabinet picks. Make 'em squeal, bring a sledgehammer, destroy it, burn it down, bring it all down. These are these, there's a lot of criticisms you can have about the FBI. Okay? There's a lot of criticisms you can have about the IRS, the CIA, our military, the the amount of money America spends on the military, but putting incompetent people to destroy systems that still are protective of people. Remember when MAGA Republicans would attack, like people saying, oh, you wanna abolish this ABO mag's, the party of abolishing everything, abolishing something conservative about them.


They want to abolish and tear everything down, and then they attack Chris Ray with this like Q Anon conspiracy crap. Chris Ray's a lifelong Republican who Donald Trump picked Chris Ray. The current FBI director is Trump's FBI director. Trump picked the guy who's been a Republican his whole life, and then they go and say, oh, but he goes after MAGA Grandma. Chris Ray is the FBI director is a competent person who has the respect of the FBI. Unlike Cash Patel, who just sells products and pedals, conspiracies. And anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.