
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PhRMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


How do you feel Great on vacation, like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


Let me share with you the Anatomy of Fox propaganda and how they are leveraging all of their resources to prop up Donald Trump's effort to try to repeal Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act. Let me explain how they're tying this to the murder charges against Luigi Mangione and somehow blaming Obamacare for those murder charges. I'm gonna link it all together right now. So here's what Fox is doing. So first though, over the weekend, you probably know by now based on our reporting and others, Donald Trump went on Meet the Press. Kristin, we asked him the following, do you have an actual plan at this point for healthcare Donald Trump's response over the weekend? Yes, we have concepts of a plan that will be better.


Kristen Wilker's response still just concepts. Do you have a fully developed plan? And Trump said, no, we don't need one at this point. Remember, Donald Trump tried to repeal Obamacare during his first term. The late great Senator John Mccain blocked Donald Trump from repealing Obamacare. Had Obamacare been repealed? Obamacare is the Affordable Care Act. To be very clear. Had that been repealed, tens of millions of Americans would have no healthcare and also insurance companies could freely discriminate once again on the basis of preexisting conditions and just allow people to die who have preexisting conditions. So in Project 2025, it calls for repealing Obamacare, getting rid of the Affordable Care Act and throwing people on the streets and letting people die.


That's in the Project 2025 healthcare section. Donald Trump's going to try to repeal it. He probably will, but let me show you how Fox is using the Luigi Mangione situation to try to do that. Take a look at Hannity. This was a message that was pumped out. And If you watch Fox, and I don't encourage you to do so, I'll do it for you. And I'm not gonna play you many clips. I just wanna show you what's going down and how they are brainwashing their viewers. Hannity here during his program in the evening basically says all of these problems, right, that Luigi Mangione was upset about and actually comes from Obamacare's failure.


And so that is how they start programming the message into their followers that they've already got brainwashed, okay, I guess we need to get rid of Obamacare. They recognize that is a major issue for people. And so now they're trying to say on Fox by linking Obamacare to the shooting, how nefarious, but watch what they do here. Watch Hannity play the clip Only so much people can take. Now we could talk about the problems with the healthcare industry, which are very real for people. And I would argue in part because of Obamacare's failure, the lack of innovative ideas like health savings accounts, healthcare cooperatives.


There's one in Wich, Wichita, Kansas. It's been duplicated all over the country. Concierge care, 50 bucks a month, you get catastrophic coverage. And guess what? That'll cover just about everything. We don't talk about innovative healthcare ideas. You know, and, and by the way, that was a consistent message. So here was earlier in the day, they had a Fox, senior medical analyst, that's what they call it, Dr. Mark Siegel. Go on and watch what he says here, kind of blaming it on like Hillary Clinton and saying, you know, remember Hillary Clinton in the nineties with HMOs where no doctors get paid anymore? Play this clip. The most important point I wanna make is how dare the Democrats talk about this being anger towards the healthcare system that they broke.


I mean, United Healthcare HMOs, remember Hillary Clinton in the 1990 with the HMOs where no doctors get paid anymore, where insurance runs the world. That's the Democrats fault that did that. And now they're saying, oh, this anger is justified. Murder's anger is never justified. Well said. If only you could impart that wisdom to some in the media. Okay? Remember, they're, they're trying to flip the whole script here. You know, Hillary Clinton, former President Barack Obama, president Biden, they have been all about trying to lower prescription drug prices, make medical services as cheap as possible, allow access to medical care to be as cheap, if not free.


That's been Biden's initiative. I mean, one of Biden's initiative is to allow the government to negotiate on behalf of Medicare to reduce prescription drug prices. Now, what's going on right now though on Capitol Hill over the past few weeks? Elon Musk, an unelected co-president right now, that's what exists. The wealthiest man in the world. He goes on Congress and just listen to what they say Here, play this clip. Nothing Is psychosocial nothing. They're gonna put everything on the table. That's what they told lawmakers. Everything is on the table. And that includes Social security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Did you hear that? He says, social security, Medicare, healthcare, it's all on the table.


One of the single biggest predictors of how long you'll live and how good you feel while living is your metabolic health. Now, I strongly believe that you can't manage what you don't measure and metabolic health can be difficult to measure. This is why I use levels to track my daily health metrics and habits and ultimately optimize my metabolic health levels. Helps me understand how my food and lifestyle decisions are impacting my health in the short term. I use levels to optimize my energy levels during the day and manage my weight in the long term. I'm thinking about the many chronic diseases that are directly linked to metabolic health, including diabetes, heart disease, and Alzheimer's. I use levels with a continuous glucose monitor to get my own personalized data, which I found to be really powerful to understand my own unique physiology. But you can also now use levels without a continuous glucose monitor. I never realized how much pasta could really spike my glucose until I started using levels. Levels has completely changed how and what I consume each day. The health and energy improvements I've seen since starting this journey has been a complete game Changer Levels has recently launched some exciting new features to help track your macros, protein, fiber, fat, carbohydrates, and sugar, and create daily habits around your health goals. They also provide insights based on trends in your health metrics to help guide you to make the best decisions that will have a positive impact on your health. Metabolic health is about glucose and much more and levels now helps you keep track of it all. Now is a great time to get started. If you've been waiting for the right time to join levels to improve your metabolic health. Right now, levels is offering my listeners an additional two free months of the Levels annual Membership. When you use my link levels link slash Midas, I don't know how long this offer's gonna last. So if you've been interested in learning more about your metabolic health, now is the time to get started. Levels do Link slash Midas


and by The way, the MAGA Republicans, while Fox pushes and tries to link this message with Luigi Mangione, think about, think about how nefarious it is, what they're doing while they're doing that, you then have the MAGA Republican Congress members on as well and they're basically saying, look, we gotta get rid of Medicare and Medicaid and social security. We gotta have a, have a hard look at it. This is a MAGA Republican Congress member, Richard McCormick play this clip. The problem with the Democrats is they've, they've never run out of things that they can give away for free, quote unquote when you talk about a trillion dollars in debt payment, just on interest alone every year, we can't just talk about the military though.


And the military can do some things better. We can save some money, doesn't no any contract. We can be careful that we don't decrease our, our abilities 'cause China's right on our heels. However, If you talk about 75% of the budget, 75% is non-discretionary. We're gonna have to have some hard decisions. We gotta bring the Democrats in and talk about social security, Medicaid, Medicare. There's hundreds of billions of dollars to be saved and we know how to do it. We just have to have the stomach to actually take those challenges on. But we can't just talk about our discretionary budget. That's 20, that's less than 25% of our budget. We have to have some real hard discussions. Well, we talk About this all the time. You know, it's so interesting or interesting is probably not the word. You know, Congress member McCormick, he did that cross examination of DeJoy and actually did a good job.


So you're like, okay, McCormick, you know, did a good cross examination of DeJoy, the postmaster. But then McCormick says that, and McCormick's a former physician, like, how out of touch can you be? Here's MAGA Republican, Mark Alford saying that social security and Medicare is on the table to get cut, play this clip. And so we've got to write this ship and it's gonna mean cuts. It's gonna mean cuts to the 24% of the discretionary spending that we have. And it's also going to mean looking long term at the front end of some programs like Social Security, Medicare, not taking anyone off of what they paid into so far, but there is some waste, abuse and fraud in Medicare that we can, we can take those numbers back and add to our general coffers and our treasury and on the front end on social security.


I think there's a way when people are, are living longer, they're retiring later that on the front end we can move that retirement age back a little bit. Here's a post from just the other day. You know, over 21 million people are enrolled in Medicaid via the A CA Medicaid expansion in 41 states, including dc, nearly a quarter of all people on Medicaid, any potential effort to cut repeal federal financing for the expansion would affect red and blue states alike. Just just zoom in on any state here, Floridians 453,000 Floridians, including 32,000 children, could lose health insurance if Republicans in Congress let the A CA subsidies expire.


Families can't afford these devastating cuts. It's time to stand up for affordable healthcare. Trump's got no plan. He's trying to gut it. And now Fox is trying to link Luigi Mangione to Obamacare and they're doing that to try to get rid of Obamacare. That's how they operate and they try to program people with whatever the kind of current news is to undermine, you know, you know, and use whatever it is to undermine programs that help people. I mean, it's really disgusting stuff right there, but I wanted to show you how it's done and why, what they're doing and how they pump that map. I could show you close to a dozen more clips of them doing that throughout the day, but I think you get the point.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads.


Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.