
A B, C Thursdays. Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why Didn't you tell me you were Pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just Another doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna Sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu. Vice President Kamala Harris and numerous pro-democracy. Political groups are out with some of the most impactful ads of the political season. Imp perfect timing as we reach the home stretch towards election day.


For example, the Lincoln Project put out this ad it's called It's All True Here. Watch this clip. Have you heard the latest about North Carolina Republican candidate for Governor Mark Robinson? It's all true. He's been seen in public with a convicted felon. Not just any felon, but a felon who's found liable for sexual assault by his hometown jury. He even praises the felon. On this stage today I'm endorsing Donald Jay Trump at the President of the United States of America, But a weirdo. He loves the felon and the felon loves the weirdo. This is Martin Luther King on steroids.


Everything you've heard about Mark Robinson and Donald. Trump is true. They deserve each other. But North Next, the Lincoln Project made this ad they've been going ad after ad. This one's called He Hates You. play the clip. Trump has never had an issue telling you who he hates. I hate Taylor Swift, the former president posted In all caps, but he hates more than just celebrities and politicians. He also hates Muslims. Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States and Jewish People. If you are Jewish, if you vote for a Democrat, you're a fool. And minorities of all types. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black.


Is she Indian or is she black? Look at my African American over here. Look at him. He hates union workers and government employees. He hates his own former staff. Here's another one from the Lincoln Project. It's called Odd Couple, showing how Bernie Sanders and Dick Cheney may disagree on everything, but they recognize what a threat Donald Trump is. Play this clip. Trump has never had an issue telling you who he hates. I hate Taylor Swift, the former president posted In all caps, but he hates more than just celebrities and politicians. He also hates Muslims. Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States and Jewish People.


If you're Jewish, if you vote for a Democrat, you're a fool. And minorities of all types. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black. Is she Indian or is she black? Look at my African American over here. Look at him. He Hates union workers and government employees. He hates his own former Staff. Next ad I wanna show you is from Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign. It's featuring Hadley Duval. What a tragic story, but how courageous is she? Watch this ad. I think perhaps the most powerful ad thus far of the political season play this clip. I have never slept a full night in my entire life.


I was five years old when my stepfather abused me for the first time. I just felt like I was alone on a planet with a monster. I was 12 when he impregnated me. I just remember thinking, I have To. get out of my skin. I can't be me right now. Like this can't be it. I didn't know what to do. I was a child. I didn't know what it meant to be pregnant at all. But I had options because Donald, Trump overturned Roe v. Wade, girls and women all over the country have lost the right to choose even for rape or incest.


Donald Trump did this. He took away our freedom. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Now, it reminds me of a video we made at the Midas Touch Network about four years ago. Four years ago. We made the following video. We were told it was too extreme and not to release it where we said what was going to happen with Donald Trump's abortion bans and Roe v. Wade being overturned. We made this, remember over four years ago, play this clip. Listen, everything's gonna be okay, right? Just let me do the talking. Okay, just now.


Evening ladies license please. Where are you headed? We were just out for a drive Headed to the border. Oh, no, no. We were just going up to the Hey there. What's your name? Grace. Are you pregnant? Grace step outta the vehicle. She does not have To. She Does. No, no, no. Show me your hands on the wheels please. Great step outta the vehicle on the wheel. It's okay.


Next up from the Lincoln Project. This one's called Village Idiot. Let's Play it. There's an old saying it takes a village. Every great step this nation took in its history from civil rights to women's rights. They required community partnership, the village. But in every village there's the same risk. The village idiot. And the one thing you never do is let the village idiot Wanna show you this next video right here. This one's from Republican veterans against Trump. Let's Play it. Sam Van Copp with Republican veterans against Trump. My platoon lost two good men in Eastern Afghanistan. They were not losers or suckers.


Like Trump says, they were fallen heroes like the Army calls them. And I owe him my life. I will not vote for Trump. And if you feel the same way, I hope you make a video and pass it on. Sometimes I love ads that are just like testimonials from people. I think those hit the best sometimes. Right? Here is one from the Lincoln Project called Bad Blood. Let's Play it. Taylor Swift isn't the first successful woman Donald Trump has attacked. She's just the most recent. I'd look her right in that fat ugly face of hers. I'd say, Rosie, you're Fired. Trump has a problem with women. Disrespectful. See A pretty picture you Insulting. Ivanna Does exactly as I tell her to do. Even violence.


Ivanna Trump once used the term rape to describe a sexual encounter with Trump. It's ugly. I'm not thanking Mr. President. That's okay. I know you're not thinking you never do. I'm sorry. It's cruel. Do you believe in punishment for abortion? Yes or no? As a principle, there has to be some form of punishment for the woman. Yeah. And one thing he's proven is that he'll never change. I Can do this all Day.


So when I'm not covering politics here on the Midas Touch Network, where do I get my news on issues involving business, climate, entertainment, culture, music. I go to The Washington Post. And one of my favorite things about The Washington Post is I've signed up for their for You newsletter, which sends me my very own personalized roundup of stories every evening based on my interest and reading history and their Washington Post app makes it easy for me to stay up on the latest news, save and share stories, and follow my favorite authors on all of the topics that I want to have curated for me. That's why I really love The Washington Post. And look, with the election rapidly approaching and with all the issues both here and abroad, now is the time to sign up for The Washington Post The Washington Post sponsors the Midas Touch Podcast. So go to Washington Post dot com slash midas to subscribe for just 50 cents per week for your first year. That's 80% off their typical offer. So this is truly a steal. Once again, go to Washington Post dot com slash midas to subscribe for just 50 cents per week for your first year. Check it out.


Next up, the Lincoln Project plays on the feud between Laura Loomer and Marjorie Taylor Green and how you know Laura Loomer is someone who Donald Trump loves much more now than Marjorie Taylor Green and Loomer's. Now in the inner circle, she's even more extreme than Marjorie Taylor Green and Marjorie Taylor Greene's. Old news here, play this clip. Loyalty matters Donald. And no one is more loyal than Laura Loomer. You won the debate that Laura Loomer prepped you for. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. She made you proud at the nine 11 Memorial. She was your good luck charm.


She raced to your side when you were in danger smarter than Chris and Susie and even Corey. You know, just as I think about that, you know here, here's Laura Loomer here, play this clip And called me crazy. But what are they doing? I wanna know what people are actually gonna do. My life is ruined. Does anybody understand how ruined my life is? I'm sick of it. I don't wanna listen to people tell me that I'm a conspiracy theorist. They dunno what it's like to be me. Life. Life is ruined, Alex, and here's Marjorie Taylor Green play this clip. Joe Biden, you're not a President, you're a piece of shit. You know, when I started getting involved in politics, if you even want to call it that, like I didn't believe what I was doing was actually that political, I'm just Like.


what the hell? I'm Like. what the heck is that? Like? what? What? What in the world is going on there? Like, and I'm thinking to myself like, I can't be supportive of like that. Like that's, it is not even a political thing. That's just some, that's just some wacky stuff right there. Anyway, here's another one from the Lincoln Project. This one's called Mark Robinson. play the clip. And he's become a friend of mine, Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson, Martin Luther King on steroids. You are Dr. Martin Luther King on steroids. That's how good you are. Martin Luther King times two, That you would portray a black man just because he's in the GOP as Alan and being as detrimental in the black community as a stick of dynamite.


Chuck from the Ku Klux Klan. We have to cherish, we have to cherish Martin to start. You have to cherish him. Called to be led by men, not Devita. David, I absolutely want to go back to the America where women couldn't vote. They're A very popular guy. Mark, There's no reason anybody anywhere in America should be telling any child about transgenderism, homosexuality, any of that. Phil, if there's a movement in this country that is demonic and that is full of anti the spirit of antichrist, it is the transgender movement. The next governor of North Carolina, mark, By the way, some news on Mark Robinson, his entire campaign staff has now left him I.


mean. Think about that. North Trump can't win without North Carolina. Really? And now the top of the ticket other than Trump in North Carolina is MAGA Republican. Mark Robinson who said some of the most horrific things. I can't believe I even did. Remember when I tried to do that video last week where I tried to read, I tried to read the actual things that Robinson said rather than just like give them labels. And I couldn't, I couldn't get through like three of 'em. They were the most like disgusting things I've ever read in my life. Anyway, contrast that this Lincoln project video, it's called a Girl. This is really powerful stuff here, Play it Somewhere.


There's a girl. She could be six, she could be 13, she could be 18 and ready to venture into the world somewhere. There's a girl who keeps hearing that her rights are an important, that her future is in the kitchen. Who's told she's not good enough, strong enough, brave enough, smart enough, tough enough. Somewhere. There's a girl who sees this woman ready to be America's first female president who sees her standing up to hate to bullies. Kamala. You don't have to say Kamala. Kamala. And to people who would set every American woman back decades. Ours is a fight for freedom.


The freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do. Why does Kamala do it? Because somewhere there's a girl. You know, as as I watch that I think about what Donald Trump was posting about this weekend where he was like, women need me to protect them. He said, he goes, they need my protection. You need me. And if you get me, you won't think about abortions again. That's what this madman was saying. And then he gave a speech about it. He talked about it in one of his speeches from this weekend here, play this clip.


And at long last, this national nightmare that we're going through will be over. Women will be happy, healthy, confident, and free. You will no longer be thinking about abortion because it is now where it always had to be with the states and with the, what The heck is it? What in the world is that? I'll leave you with this one. This was one of our first videos that we made at the Midas Touch when we created Midas Touch. And again, I always love to show it 'cause it shows you our kind of origin story. And this one's called The Snake. Tell me what you think about it.


Play this clip. Who has heard the poem called The Snake? My father gave me a small loan of a million dollars. Well documented and severe financial downturn in the past year. Do you Know about sexual predators and things like that? I mean you Are one. Alright, it's more than anger. It's hatred. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists down the path. Along the lake. A kindhearted woman saw a poor half frozen snake. You'll absolutely love Trump stakes. More Than 150 former students alleged Trump University was a Fraud, Persistently illegal conduct at the President's charity.


Take me in o tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in o tender woman. Sigh. The vicious state. Did you denounce what happened in 2016? President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial. Today. He Withheld the money, he withheld the meeting. He used it to coerce Ukraine to do these political investigations. The American Embassy and Baghdad under siege. He stroked his pretty skin again and held him tight. The Chinese Government awarded Ivanka Trump's brand. Seven new trademarks. Their a pack of Griffus. His campaign managers got two condos of Ferrari, a yacht and, and they're all just fleeing the campaign. That snake gave her a vicious bike.


The coronavirus. This is the new hoax, The US now leading the world in death. No, I don't take responsibility at all. This is a great success story. I have saved you pride, the woman, and you've bitten me. Heaven's, why? You know your bite is poisonous. And now I'm going to die. We want to terminate healthcare. And then I see the disinfectant. Shut up. Silly woman. Set the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.


And maybe we need to do an, an updated version of the snake. 'cause it's, it's really, you know, I think it's good stuff. Anyway, that's the, just wanted to share with you some of those latest ads and shorts. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. I'd love To. get to 4 million subscribers together. Let's do it. Thanks for watching. Have a good one. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.