
So since the Republican National Convention, Melania has gone missing once again, I mean from time to time we see her in Manhattan with her stylist, who she refers to as her personal consultant and pays hundreds of thousands of dollars from the Political Action Committee. But she's nowhere near Donald Trump. She's not at Donald Trump's events. We don't see her at Bedminster. We don't see her at Mar-a-Lago. She just simply is MIA when it comes to the Trump campaign. But we do have Melania's disclosures, her financial disclosures, because as a candidate, Donald Trump's not only required to submit his own financial disclosures, which were incredibly shady, more on that in a moment, but you're required to also submit your spouse's financial disclosure.


So we learned a lot about how Melania was grifting off, Mr. And Mrs. Magia. So I just want all of you to think about it, that you have purported billionaires here, Donald Trump and a billionaire's wife in Melania, yet they continue to grift off of Mr. And Mrs. Macedonia. While Donald Trump and JD Vance and all of the Magar Republicans continued to talk very negatively about the economy and saying, people don't have enough money to do this or that. Yet they are taking massive amounts of money for Melania's hairstylist, for melania's makeup, for her wardrobe and outfits, and she's not even on the campaign.


Just take a look at this disclosure right here. Spouses employment assets and income and retirement accounts. Look what we learned right here that Melania made $237,000 from a speech that she gave just one speech alone to log Cabin Republicans in Palm Beach, Florida on April 20th, 2024. So Melania gave a speech from Palm Beach where she lives to the Log Cabin Republicans and they paid her $237,000 for it. That's what you charge them. It's unbelievable.


Take a look here as well. Melania has Melania LLC, which didn't make any money. Melania Marks and accessories, which made less than a thousand bucks. Then you have 7 21 33 H Holdings, LLC, which basically made no income. You have MKT World LLC, no income. She has a US bank account that has under $250,000. And, and again, she's supposed to be a purported billionaire's wife, licensing agreements with designers, managers for the sale of NFTs. So her licensing agreement for NFTs, she's made $330,000.


Then the speed she gave to the Log Cabin Republicans, she made $237,000. She has something called M-B-W-T-L-L-C, which holds real estate in Slovenia, which is valued between $15,500, which has rent income. And it claims that she's made $19,200 in rental income income from this real estate in Slovenia. And then Melania Mark's accessories, LLC, where she's made under a thousand dollars. Let's just put this in perspective right here. All of Melania's businesses are complete and total failures other than she got paid $237,000 to speak at Palm Beach to the Log Cabin Republicans for a speech.


I mean, have you heard Melania's speeches before? Let's just say they're not very good. They're certainly not worth $237,000. So just think about that. And then secondly, licensing her name for these NFTs. And that didn't even make that much money That did, I mean, not an insignificant amount of money, but not like millions of dollars, $330,000 in there. That's where on Mother's Day and Memorial Day and Labor Day, she steals these symbols of America. She talks about the moon landing. She takes the flag, she takes photos of our military, she takes photos of our veterans.


She takes photos of, of, of all of the symbols of America during the holidays, Liberty Bell, you name it. And then she has them be made into NFTs, and then she acts like it's her official collection, but it's just her selling off symbols of the United States of America. By the way, from her financial disclosures as well, we see that Donald Trump's political action committee continues to pay her Pierre Brailler hundreds of thousands of dollars, I think about $18,000 a month. And you know, as she's been paid over 400,000, $500,000 to date, as Ron Philip ows gear editor in chief says, think of the 4,320 people who sent in $25 thinking they were saving America, not realizing it was for Melania's hairstylist.


But at the end of the day, you know, does the, does the cult even care? You know, does this Trump cult, I mean Take a look at this. What I'm about to show you is real right now. This isn't parody. This is one of dozens, thousands of accounts on TikTok of kind of the Trump people who call themselves ultra Maga. And just watch this 'cause this is Mr. And Mrs. Macedonia who's funding Melania's Lifestyle here, play this clip. I'm A conservative mom, of course. I let my kids watch Trump on replay all day long. I'm a conservative mom. Of course, Alexa knows who my daddy is.


Alexa, who's my daddy? Your daddy is Donald J. Trump. I'm a conservative mom. Of course, we have a commissioned art piece of Trump hanging in our house. I'm a conservative mom, of course, my kids refer to Trump as daddy. Hey mom, when is Daddy Trump's next rally? I'm a conservative mom. Of course. My kids sit around talking about Trump all day. You hear where Kamala Harris was trying to sell Daddy Trump's policies? Yes, Kamala Harris.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA. Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you, miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


By the way, do you remember when all of the media was telling us that Meia was gonna be on the campaign trail? She's gonna leave her mark on history. Meia is going to be there. Like Meia showed up for the Republican National Convention. She showed up and spoke once in front of the Log Cabin Republicans, but we now know she made $237,000 for that. It's why she bothered to show up in the first place and then she made one or two other appearances so far. There's absolutely nothing nor normal about that situation. As Donald Trump goes and gives his speeches and calls Stormy Daniels, the porn star who he had sex with while Melaney had just given birth to Barron, a horse face.


And while Donald Trump continues to say all these horrific things at his speeches, the the, the corporate media just gives it a pass. It's very strange stuff. But let's just take a look. This right here, I wanna show you this moment right here. This is the second gentleman, Doug Mh Hoff and Vice President Kamala Harris. Here, just let me show you them together, play this clip.


And this is a clip here of Melania when she was asked a few months ago if she was gonna be seen more on the campaign trail. And she said, you know, basically we'll see here, play this clip. Hi, Mrs. Trump, Mrs. Trump, are you going to return to the campaign trail with your husband? Stay tuned. Stay tuned. Are you confident that you can pay? By the way, there's no evidence that Melania Trump speaks lots of languages. Melania is not some sort of supermodel. All of that's bs. Melania was brought here by a so-called modeling agency that brought in Eastern European young girls and women to the United States of America through parties for rich men at the Kit Kat Club.


And that's how Melania met Donald Trump. This was during the period where Donald Trump was hanging around Epstein. Donald Trump was partying with Epstein and doing the planes, and he was hanging out around the lady who trafficked for Epstein Ghislaine Maxwell, you know, and then Donald Trump showed up at this Kit Kat Club event separately, it's not an Epstein thing. Showed, showed up at the Kit Kat Club, met Melania, her green card was expedited. She got the Einstein visa even though there's no demonstration of like actual talent at all.


And remember when Donald Trump said back in 2016 that he was going to hold a press conference because lots of people had questions like, well, how did Melania get here? None of it makes sense. He goes, I'm gonna hold the press conference here, play this clip. Maybe She came in illegally, maybe. Lemme tell you one thing. She has got it so documented. So she's gonna have a little news conference over the next couple of weeks. That's good. That's good. I love it. I love it. They said, Melodia Trump may have come into our country illegally. And how would that be for Donald Trump to be talking isn't the only problem. She came in totally legally. I mean, you know, so that's what those say. All right, but you'll see it in a little while. I said to her, no, no.


Let it simmer for a little while. Let them go wild. Let it simmer. And by the way, that's like Donald Trump's go to move. He goes, I'm gonna hold the press conference and then never actually holds the press conference. And that's how he kind of avoids having the media ask questions. And the media has a memory like a goldfish and just doesn't even care. And they don't even ask the questions. Here's Melania at a speech that she gave about six months ago, eight months ago at the Library of Congress, where she was bragging to immigrants who were just getting their citizenship about how she struggled. To get her to go through the process and get her citizenship until she hired big time lawyers who helped speed up the process.


Like, why, why is this even a speech? You're, you're giving to people who did it the right way here, play this clip. I was very devoted, but I certainly was not an attorney. And eventually it pro provide critical for me to, to retain council. I was fortunate to do so as ultimately my journey was streamlined and brought me over the finish line as a naturalized citizen. But, you know, Melania leaves Donald Trump out to dry and, you know, while she's, you know, making all of that money from, and you see in the disclosures from giving one speech at the, at the log cabin event and through the NFTs where she's selling off pieces of America.


This was the montage of Donald Trump waving to nobody without Melania by his side. Here play this clip.


By the way, you take a look at Donald Trump's financial disclosures. As I said, we would at the beginning of this video, you see over here it says where Donald Trump's liabilities are. Take a look at that because Donald Trump's liabilities include the Eugene Carroll case, which Donald Trump just lists as being more than $50 million, actually over a hundred million dollars. You see, he lists the civil fraud judgment against him, which again, he only says is above $50 million. And then you see that one, this Chicago entity, Chicago Holdings entity that was a very kind of suspicious one with liability for in terms of the liabilities because Trump owned Chicago liabilities, I mean owns the Chicago holding company, which is believed to be the holder of the debt in connection with Donald Trump's kind of failures in with the acquisition of the Trump building in Chicago after a settlement agreement with the lenders at that time that he sued.


So one of the issues there that we had been talking about is whether or not that could potentially be unlawful debt parking as a way that Donald Trump avoided taxes by claiming he's holding his own debt in his own other separate entity and then not paying taxes on on that. So I'll, I'll leave you with that. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.