
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middlemen to learn more paid for by pharma.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Donald Trump's press secretary pick, deleting her social media post Donald Trump's health Secretary pick, deleting his social media post. Donald Trump's defense secretary pick deleting his social media posts, Donald Trump's pick for ambassador to the United Nations, deleting her social media posts and her press releases. We see this pattern taking place across Donald Trump's picks. These are people who are willing to do anything in everything to take power and are willing to just completely lie and think it's okay to delete their past. For example, CNN uncovered that Trump's incoming White House Press Secretary purged her tweets praising Mike Pence for certifying the election results and praising the Capitol Police.


Just a year later, she ran for Congress denying the 2020 election results. For example, she posted a video of capitol police officers protecting the capitol from Insurrectionists and she posted Hero. She also posted a video of Mike Pence who is giving a speech condemning the insurrection, and then she wrote, vice President Mike Pence was a steady hand through the chaos that ensued at our capitol yesterday. Love him or hate him. He kept the wheels of democracy moving and push forward to certify his own loss. Thank you, Mr. Vice President. It was an honor to serve you. She's now deleting posts like that.


Defense secretary, Donald Trump's defense Secretary pick, Pete Heif, who now faces new booze strippers debt, and NDA claims at a veterans group that he ran. He's deleting posts as well, like a post where he said, here's a link to donate to Laura Loomer's campaign, a right wing extremist who's very close with Donald Trump. Laura Loomer spreads nine 11 conspiracies and has just said the most heinous and despicable things that she's posted about. You remember our reporting on how she would follow Donald Trump around throughout the campaign, which a lot of other corporate media somewhat picked up on but didn't really give it justice.


But Pete Hesi is someone who has praised her and she is a nine 11 conspiracy theorist. Also RFK Jr. Deleting tweets faster than he dumped dead bears in Central Park. Give hoodlum credit for that joke. RFK JR says, let's be honest, the NRA is responsible for child murders as if they pulled the trigger. NRA has turned the Second Amendment into a suicide PAC for our children. When do we deal with the N-R-A-R-F-K? Junior deleted that. RFK Junior also used Russian photos during his campaign for the presidency and he deleted them once he was caught.


You can see right here when you zoom in all of the language here is in Russia and just doing Russian images. He's also deleted this tweet that he recently made saying, I got Box Bain for my entire family. If you wanna stay in good shape, get box ballin and work out every day the ideal stocking stuffer from kids to grandparents. I mean, he's just like selling crap right now. By the way, he didn't delete this, but he wife Cheryl Hines, who's forever ruined Curb your enthusiasm for me over this past weekend. She was selling products as well.


She was selling Make America Healthy Again, products standing in front of A RFK junior who was naked in the shower and they, I'm not gonna show you the video, but she was selling 60% off her products over here as well. I wanna be very clear that this is serious disinformation and that I'm about to read that this is real dangerous, horrific lies that RFK Jr spread about vaccines and about modern day medicine. Again, I want to be very clear about that warning right here, but I wanna show you what he said to just demonstrate the lies that he spread.


But here are things that he has deleted. He goes, each one of those shots is billed as a medical advance, so our children should be healthier than ever. But the opposite is true. We have to seriously study whether the scores of shots children receive literally starting on the first day of their lives is doing more harm than good. And he's reposting a image of a baby with injections around the baby saying this is not the path to health. It's the highway two chronic sickness, and he's deleting posts like that. He also deleted a post over here where he talks about somebody being ung GAed by being married.


As Kurt Barella says, A friend sent this to me, RFKs tweet has reportedly been deleted, but this is just disgusting. Ung GAed. Are you kidding me? And it's someone who goes, just got married. Homosexuality was a phase, and RFK Jr goes, she's a beautiful angel Tim. Easy to see how she unga you. By the way, If you are looking to learn more about that bombshell article out of the New Yorker and also subsequently reported on The Daily Beast about Pete Heif running this or not running this veterans group and running it horrifically is what's being alleged HEGs. I denies it and claims it's a bunch of disgruntled people at the Veterans Organization.


In other words, attacking veterans. Just let me read a little bit for you about what these new hegseth allegations are about. Former Fox News host Peace Heif who President-elect Donald Trump plans to nominate for defense Secretary has a sorted drunken history, history of mismanaging veterans organizations that left staff disgusted by his allegedly ous behavior. According to a report, the New Yorker obtained records from two non-profit AD a advocacy groups. Heif led veterans for freedom and concerned veterans for America that describe financial mismanagement, inappropriate sexual advances. And at one point, HEIF drunkenly yelling kill all Muslims at a bar while on an official tour in Ohio.


Just pause there for a moment. It should also be mentioned that Hegseth is in the national, was in the National Guard. He never led a company in the military. And we previously reported here on the Midas Touch Network that his own mom in 2018 sent him a letter that said that you are an abuser of women and you need serious help and you are treating your wife unfairly. That was his second wife at the time when he had kids with his soon to be third wife while still married to his second wife, his mom sent him a letter calling him an abuser of women. We also know from reading the police report of a woman who has credibly accused him of rape. He denies the allegations, but in the police report she talks about him being incredibly, you know, inebriated and drunk and and sexually assaulting and raping her.


He talks about his drinking and and drinking there and he denies it and claims it was consensual, but admits to the drinking. So I just think that's important. Both groups. Eventually, both those veteran groups forced heit to step down. The magazine reported a lawyer for he exit, dismissed the allegations as outlandish claims and attributed them to a petty and jealous disgruntled former associate. Exits potential nomination was already facing questions about a woman who alleged he sexually assaulted her in a hotel room after an event in 2017. He denies her claims and says the incident was consensual. A whistleblower report about HEGs, it's time leading concerned Veterans for America from 2013 to 2016.


The New Yorker wrote said he was repeatedly drunk while on the clock, sometimes needing to be carried out of official events and further alleged that Hegseth who was married to a second wife at the time and other members of the group's management team sexually pursued their female employees informally dividing them into two camps. They described as Party Girls and not Party girls. The whistleblower report claims that while Hegseth was its leaders, the organization ignored staff's concerns about the workplace, including an allegation by an employee that another staffer tried to sexually assault her at a Louisiana Strip Club. She was paid a settlement and signed an NDA, but the report says she experienced reprisals in the workplace thereafter in encouraging a toxic work environment.


So yet a another NDA that we're learning about, remember the woman that he is alleged to have raped. He made a hush money payment there as well. So we're talking about multiple hush money payments and NDAs taking place here.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order today, you can save up to 40%. And If you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So If you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you, Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


A separate letter of complaints sent to Concerned Veterans of America in 2015, in which the New Yorker also reported on reveals a shocking picture of Hef at his alleged surly drunk and worse while at a bar in Kga Falls, Iowa and May, 2015 on an official visit with the organization, he allegedly chanted, kill all Muslims, kill all Muslims while visibly intoxicated. But by the way, the by and large Muslims voted for Donald Trump in the selection. The report details several incidents where staff said they had to remove or carry out a drunken sef so inebriated he couldn't walk and in some cases passed out from events. And again, pause here. Remember his own mom sent him a letter and his mom's a well-known life coach in the life coach community and she said, you need help.


You are an abuser. Get help. Right around this time period, Heit resigned from Concerned Veterans for America under pressure in 2016. The New Yorker said, citing three sources aware of the circumstances, including one who contributed to the whistleblower report. I've seen him drunk so many times. One of the contributors to the report told New Yorker, I've seen him dragged away not a few times, but multiple times. To have him at the Pentagon would be scary. That covers just one of the organizations he ran. And it goes on to talk about the other organization he ran. Oh, by the way, I mentioned Donald Trump's pick to be the ambassador of the United Nations. Elise St. She deleted her press release about the January 6th Capitol riot, which called for the perpetrators, who violently stormed the capitol to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.


Later, Elise Nik bent the knee. She submitted to Donald Trump and she ultimately said that the insurrectionists wore hostages and treated unfairly. But she deleted her post right here saying that the insurrectionists need to be prosecuted shortly after January 6th. So you see a pattern here, Craven, callous people who are willing to literally say and do anything for power, they, they're not guided by values, virtue, morality, anything like that. They'll do whatever. They'll say, whatever. They have no shame. They have no morals, they have no moral compass, and we just have to call it out in clear language. I mean, you see it right there. It's why I show you all of these receipts.


Check out midas plus.com, get more reporting there. Our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski, doing a great job there. Midas plus.com. Just make sure you spell it correctly, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. Thank you so much, love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.