
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Donald Trump held a press conference on Tuesday in Palm Beach, Florida. That was demented, delusional, and dangerous, but it was particularly very demented and delusional. Look, folks, I don't play Donald Trump audio or video clips anymore, but I wanna share with you what went down at this press conference so you can understand how demented, delusional, and dangerous he is. He's talking about windmills killing whales. He's talking about not ruling out, sending our military to conquer Greenland and go to war with Denmark. He's whining about his court cases.


He's talking about how heaters make him itchy, itchy. He's talking about water dripping from faucets, and he's going like drip, drip, drip. It was very strange. Let me explain what went down. Donald Trump was asked by a reporter, can you assure the world that as you try to get control of Greenland and the Panama Canal, you are not going to use military force? You are not going to use military coercion. Donald Trump says, no, I can't assure you on either of those two, that he will not use military or economic coercion. He will not rule that out, meaning that he's open to going to war with Greenland.


As our editor in Chief, Ron Philip Kowski says, this is where we are at, folks. The president-elect is not ruling out using military force to seize Greenland and the Panama Canal. Then Donald Trump goes on a rant saying that Canada should be a state. He says, we really don't need a lot of stuff from Canada. He goes, we don't need their lumber. He goes, we don't need their aluminum. He goes, we don't need their oil. He says, we don't need their resources. They just rely on us for military protection. So they need to become the 51st state of the United States. Donald Trump then said, people really don't even know if Denmark has any legal right to Greenland, but if they do, they should give it up to America because we need it for our national security.


First off, we don't need it for our national security. And number two, Donald Trump is threatening Denmark. Donald Trump is threatening our NATO ally as Greenland is a territory of Denmark. I'm gonna do a whole other video of this, but yesterday Donald Trump reposted a video of someone who purported to be from Greenland, who was saying that he wants Greenland to be part of the United States. It was a heavyset man who ended up mocking the United States for having fat people. He said in the video, and he put on a MAGA cap. It turns out that individual was a well-known drug trafficker from the area, but I digress.


I'll do a whole other video on that. Great reporting by our team, and they looked at some of the reporting out of Copenhagen to report on that for all of you. Donald Trump then goes The windmills. The windmills, they're driving the whales crazy. Obviously the windmills are driving the whales crazy. He says, then Donald Trump says, what is really important is that we will be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. Keith Oberman says, Nazi boy, boy is this close to bringing the movie Bananas to Life and declaring underwear will be changed every half hour, and we will and will be worn on the outside so we can check.


Donald Trump then says they also want to go back. They have already started that too. When you buy a faucet, no water comes out. Even in areas that have so much water, you don't know what to do. It's called rain. It comes down from heaven. It's called rain. That's what Donald Trump said at the press conference. Trump goes on to say they want very little water, very little water to go into your dishwasher. Almost none. And you know what people do? They just keep pressing, pressing, pressing, keeping it going. They end up using more water like washing machines. He then goes on to say, gas heater is much less expensive.


The heat is much better. It's much better heat as the expression goes. You don't itch. Does anybody have a heater where you go and you're scratching? That's what they want you to have. They don't want you to have gas again. What the heck is he even talking about? Who is they? What's he talking about? Itchy and scratchy. This is bizarre, folks. He goes on to say, the Panama Canal is a disgrace. What took place at the Panama Canal? Jimmy Carter gave it to them for $1, and they were supposed to treat us well. He then goes on to say, if those hostages aren't back, by the time I get into office, all hell will break out in the Middle East, and it will not be good for Hamas, and it will not be good, frankly, for anyone.


All hell will break loose. And when he finished the press conference, he said, I wanna remind everybody all hell is going to break loose. So I, I'm just trying to get this straight. Wasn't he supposed to be the master negotiator and just be able to solve all of this? Weren't all the MAGA folk telling us, oh, he's gonna stop World War iii? He pro he's threatening to be the bad guy right now in World War III and go after Greenland and attack Canada and Mexico and Panama. And by the way, you know what? He's not talking about Russia, China because he's terrified of Vladimir Putin.


He's terrified of President Xi Jingping. I thought Donald Trump was going to bring peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. Oh, I guess he wants to distract from that now by saying he wants to attack our NATO allies. We don't forget here at the Midas Touch Network, so you're not going to do the thing that you said bring peace to Ukraine, but you are now threatening military force against Greenland. And as one commentator wrote, and I agree with this, just think about the lack of respect. This shows our troops where you are for just utter stupidity and your own ego.


Now, threatening to use American troops to attack a NATO ally in Greenland. Are you kidding me?


Sometimes figuring out dinner can feel like solving a puzzle by the time you've decided what to make the night's over and you're reaching for Ramen again, sound familiar? That's why I love Home Chef. They make dinnertime simple, delicious, and stress free. Home Chef delivers fresh ingredients and chef designed recipes conveniently to your doorstep to simplify your cooking experience. Whether you prefer classic meal kits with pre-portioned ingredients, quick 30 minute recipes, oven ready options, or even microwave meals. Home Chef has something for everyone. Plus, their dedicated family menu is a lifesaver for busy households. Here's why I love it. The recipes are easy to follow. The ingredients are always fresh, and the meals are consistently delicious. I recently tried their creamy chicken pasta bake. It felt like restaurant quality, and I made it at home for under 30 minutes. No stress, no guesswork, just great food. Users of leading meal kits have rated home chef number one in quality, convenience, value, taste, and recipe ease, and now they've launched their five ingredient meals, super simple recipes that use just five fresh pre-portioned ingredients. To make your prep even easier for a limited time Home Chef is offering our listeners 18 free meals plus free dessert for life and free shipping on your first box. Wow. Go to home chef.com/midas to claim this amazing offer. That's home chef.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 18. Free meals and free dessert for life home chef.com/midas must be an active subscriber. To receive free dessert, try Home Chef today. Your future dinners will thank you.


As this account says, Rotimi says Iran War, also along with the Greenland War and the Panama Canal War, also the war with Mexico. When we blow up cartels, am I keeping up with all the wars this guy wants to start and also notice what a weak person Donald Trump is. Oh, I need all of this to be done before I get into office. Remember what Donald Trump did to President Biden in Afghanistan where Donald Trump cut a deal to release 5,000 Taliban prisoners who then took over Afghanistan and then it when Donald Trump did not even do a transition and President Biden took over.


President Biden had to deal with the crisis that Donald Trump created, and now Donald Trump wants President Biden to solve the problems for him before he takes office. Pathetic. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski goes, Trump ran on a platform as a peace candidate who would stop endless wars and would end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours, but now concedes that is not going to happen. While he threatens Mexico wants to invade Greenland and Panama and wants to take over Canada through economic warfare. Donald Trump has then asked the following question about meta or Facebook because Zuckerberg announced he will not be doing fact checks and he will be moving a lot of his team that deals with content moderation to Texas because California is too woke.


Donald Trump is asked, so meta announced they will stop doing fact checks. Trump says, I think they've come a long way. The reporter goes, do you think he's responding to the threats you've made in the past? Donald Trump responds, prob probably Aren Parnas writes, oh look, meta rolling over for Donald Trump. Color me shocked. Why Donald Trump doesn't want fact checks is because when we fact check his lies, his heinous behavior, his just disgusting being, he looks like a fool. When he says stupid things like this, Jack Smith will do a 500 page report and it will be a fake report like the investigation was fake.


If they're not allowed to issue to the report, that's the way it should be. Why should he be allowed to write a fake report? It's fake. Everything is fake. I mean, all of the witness testimony is fake. The videos are fake. The photographs are fake. Your statements are fake. The audio recordings are fake. No, I would like to see the report about you taking classified information and hiding it at Mar-a-Lago. I I I. I would like to see that data and that information, especially if it includes nuclear secrets, which it is believed to include. Donald Trump then says, he's asked a question about January 6th, 2021, and Donald Trump says that it was the FBI who were involved, and he says, Hezbollah, we have to look into Hezbollah that somehow Hezbollah was involved in the January 6th insurrection.


Again, now you have meta Facebook too afraid to fact check that, move their crew to Texas. So we have to say Hezbollah caused the insurrection are, are you kidding me? I mean, honestly, if there are any Trump supporters watching this, do you realize how stupid this looks? And by the way, go watch the, if you think I'm just giving you the tidbits, go back, watch the full press conference. If you go and watch that and you're like, oh, that's my guy. Well do some deep reflection right there. A reporter asks Donald Trump, Elon Musk is drawing criticism for some of his statements about foreign affairs in Europe. Is that appropriate? Trump's response is, you mean where he likes people that tended to be conservative?


I don't know the people. Well, let me be clear. Donald Elon Musk is now your top advisor. He's someone who's either pulling your strings or right by your side. He's running a fake government agency, which has significant power over life and death of Americans, and nobody elected that guy. So you are attached at the hip to this guy. Now, he's not just saying things about conservative people. He's saying things that even the far right extremist party, the Reform party in the UK is saying Musk is being too extreme for us by supporting people who have essentially been accused of inciting like domestic terrorism, people who are criminals, people who have sympathies for white supremacists, people who are white supremacists, and even Nigel Farage is like, who's a far right wing extremist in UK is like, okay, Musk has gone too far.


It's not conservative people. Elon Musk is supporting a party in Germany called the A FD, which basically sympathizes with neo-Nazi. They're basically neo-Nazi sympathizers. So no, it's not just, he likes conservative people and Trump knows what he's saying right there. He knows the gaslighting. Again, he's asked about using military force on Canada. He says, probably not military force, but that he will use economic force against Canada to try to annex it and acquire it and make it the 51st state. He goes on to complain about Canada more.


He goes after New York, judge Juan Marshan and says that he's a crooked judge. I'm under a gag order while attacking the judge. Doesn't all Donald Trump wants to be able to do apparently, is to attack the judge's daughter. 'cause that's what a weak little man Donald Trump is. That's the only remaining part of, of the gag order. Just don't attack the judge's daughter who's a private citizen. And then Donald Trump praises Judge Eileen Cannon, the judge who he appointed, who made a ruling that no other judge has ever found in the history of America that's special counsels don't exist. So she dismissed the case where Donald Trump took nuclear information on the basis of special counsels don't exist, but apparently they just don't exist for Donald Trump because special ex counsels exist for everybody else like Hunter Biden was prosecuted by a special counsel, for example, but Judge Cannon ruled on Tuesday that the, the report that's being prepared by the DOJ about their findings regarding Donald Trump can't be released.


She issued an injunction stopping Merrick Garland and Jack Smith from releasing their report. Again, you want to talk about weaponization? Take a look at what Judge Cannon's doing as Donald Trump's praising her from this Palm Beach press conference. Donald Trump is then asked about the police officers and other people who were injured on January 6th, and Trump response has basically, look, all I care about is Ashley Babbitt. She's the only person who was killed, and he blames the police for killing her when she was an insurrectionist who tried to break into the secure area with a mob of people who were trying to kill members of Congress, and many of those members of Congress.


Republicans are so spineless that they go along with all of this crap. We're not gonna normalize this behavior. I'm not showing the audio of him. I'm not showing the video of him. Folks, I'm just letting you know what went down, and if you want to go watch it, there's lots of places you can find it for yourself to verify that everything I said was accurate. But that was a summary of this. As I said at the outset, delusional, demented and Dangerous press conference. Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 4 million subscriber Real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.