
A B, C Thursdays. Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why Didn't you tell me you were Pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's Gift to this hospital, you're just Another doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna Sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


I decided to check in with Fox News this morning to see how they were doing and they are absolutely melting down over there. They cannot handle the fact that Vice President Harris continues to gain momentum that Donald Trump is out there flailing that the United States economy is on the rise, that inflation is coming down, that the stock market is hitting Record highs and that President Biden is showing leadership on the world stage. So what do they have to do? They have to pump as much propaganda as they can at their viewers and make them think that the world is ending and that everything is terrible. That good news is bad news. My name is Brett MiSiS with the Midas Touch Network. I'm gonna go over all these clips because I think it's important that we understand what these kind of MAGA viewers, what Republican viewers, what people are actually taking in from Fox News, what the propaganda is that is coming at them so that we could rebut it whenever we need to.


And so when we hear it, we go, oh, okay, I know where they got this from. First I wanna show you with the stock market hitting Record highs and continuing to rise today, US futures are on the rise and the Dow, the Nasdaq and the s and p 500 Maria Bar Romo on Fox News had to report this news and she seemed kind of devastated by it. Watch, Welcome back. Take a look at futures this morning, another rally underway. The Dow industrials up 67, the Nasdaq up 43 s and p 500 up seven and a quarter extending into further record territory. We're looking at last week's rate cut rally continuing the Dow in the s and p 500 closing in record territory yesterday.


So that's where we begin this morning in all unchartered territory. And It's always interesting to watch how Fox tries to report good news when there is a democratic administration, especially during election time. They really hate when the economy does well and they really hate when Americans do well. Remember just last night when Fox Business host Larry Kudlow, who used to work in the Trump administration, had to announce the third straight record close for the stock market and then he had to immediately start bashing Kamala Harris. Watch Raining. Here we go. The third straight record close for the blue chips, the s and p 500 also closing at all time highs tomorrow. The financials did really well as we were watching over the past several months.


We've got former TD Ameritrade, CEO Joe Moley at a game, how they will do in low dropping rates. That'll do it for us. Cut close next. Hello folks, welcome to Kudlow. I'm Larry Kudlow. Alright, Kamala Harris' tax hikes would kill 800,000 jobs. Donald Trump's tax cuts would create over a million jobs. And Senator Mike Creo, he says most of the Trump tax cuts won't increase the deficit at all. We've got, This is a common theme with Fox, right? They get very angry about good news and they also spread bad news.


They try to fear monger. They try to make their viewers afraid at all times. This is the kind of chirons that Fox viewers were waking up to today. This one reads soon Biden to address UN with world in peril. The world is in peril, the sky is falling, the immigrants are gonna eat your cats and your dogs. It's always fear. With Fox and maga, this is their number one strategy. And by the way, this show that you see this Chiron on this is viewed as one of their quote straight news shows, not their opinion programs. So their viewers watch this thinking they are getting the unadulterated truth. I'll, I'm gonna show you some of President Biden's speech in a second because it was incredibly powerful. First I wanna show you this moment of Vice President Harris from this morning.


She called into an interview and she was saying that she thinks we should eliminate the filibuster to restore the protections of Roe v. Wade. Listen, It's well within our reach to hold onto the majority in the Senate and take back the house. And so I would also emphasize that while the presidential election is extremely important and dispositive of where we go moving forward, it also is about what we need to do to hold on to the Senate and win seats in the house. That being said, I've been very clear. I think we should eliminate the filibuster farro and, and and we need and get us to the point where we 51 votes would be what we need to actually put back in law the protections for reproductive freedom and for the ability of every person and every woman to make decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do.


Let's compare that to Donald Trump's comments about abortion last night. You'll No longer be thinking about abortion. So all they talk about abortion because we've done something that nobody else could have done. It is now where it always had to be with the states and they vote of the people.


Everyone, as you know, I'm a dad. So let's talk about something that's really important that most people don't realize. Like did you know there actually aren't any requirements for baby food companies to test their products for chemical contaminants? 93% of parents are concerned about the presence of toxic levels of heavy metals in baby food. And 95% of parents believe the US needs to raise its standards when it comes to baby food safety. There have been tons of headlines recently unveiling the lack of regulation on baby food in the us while the European Union has extremely strict standards. Little Spoon, the company known for changing the game for baby toddler and big kid foods is disrupting the baby food industry. Again, with radical transparency when it comes to baby food, Little Spoon is the first and only food brand in the US to set strict limits for more than 500 toxins and contaminants based on the best in-class EU standards. And if their products don't meet these standards, they won't sell it. It's that simple peace of mind delivered. They surveyed 2000 parents across the country so they could understand what parents are most concerned about and help provide peace of mind for their customers. And wow, did they deliver. Look, trust me, I use Little Spoon with Elijah all the time, my son and he absolutely loves it. I know your kid will love it too. America has literally never seen baby food this transparent. You can see all of little spoons, baby food safety standards in detail and shop their products for babies, toddlers, and big kids on Little Spoon dot com. Get 30% off your first order if you go to Little Spoon dot com slash midas and enter R code Midas at checkout to save 30% off your first order. That's Little Spoon dot com slash midas to save 30% off.


Yeah, that's just incredibly weird and creepy stuff. Meanwhile, Mike Johnson was out there this morning speaking to the press, it looks like we are going to avoid a government shutdown after Mike Johnson folded Donald Trump wanted Mike Johnson to shut down the government to help his election chances. He made him put in the save act to the continuing resolution bill this week to keep the government funded. That of course got quickly voted down even by Republicans who said that this is quote galactically stupid to shut down the government this close to the election. The Save Act would've restricted voting in the country, which is why Donald Trump wanted to do this. You could see Donald Trump's all caps kind of crazy rant right here that he posted at Mike Johnson.


And so Mike Johnson wanted to speak to the press today to make sure that Donald Trump knew. I'm not defying you Donald. I'm I love you Donald. I'm not, the whole thing is weird. The whole thing is it, it's just one big cult. Let me remind you too, the other day of what happened, while all this was going on, Donald Trump's pal, Wayne Allen root had interviewed Trump on his podcast for like the 16th time. And immediately after this is what Wayne Allen root was posting about MAGA Mike. He said, quote, Johnson is a DC swamp rat deep state plant and rhino traitor horrible person. Same as McCarthy, same as Ryan, same as Boehner. Clearly they have videos or photos of this weak milk toast, backstabbing loser in bed with someone or something very bad, such a maga bizarre kind of mafia style threat post.


And this was right after he spoke to Donald Trump. So I think we know where this came from. This was Mike Johnson's news conference this morning where he insisted, I'm not defying you Donald. I promise I'm not defying You watch From Question Ms. Speaker, have you spoke with former President Trump about this CR specifically and as he approved it, given that he said he doesn't want a cr without the same Access? Yeah, no. What, what, what he was saying last week is the exact same thing that I was saying. He and I have been on exactly the same page. I saw a headline. I'm defying Trump. I'm not, I'm not defying President Trump. I've spoken with him at great length and he is very frustrated about the situation. His great concern is election security. And it is mine as well. It is all of ours. We are really seriously concerned about this and we gotta do everything that we can to ensure it.


Congress, you know, we passed the save act in the summer and, and it's been sitting on Chuck Schumer's desk collecting dust that is maddening to us. He, he understands fully President Trump understands the current dilemma and the situation that we're in. And so there's no daylight between us and I, I keep have a prize all the time of everything that's happening because he is our nominee for president and he's going to be the next president. So we'll continue working closely together. I'm I'm not defying President Trump. We're getting our job done. And and I think he understands that. So Thank, you allall appreciate the time we have this. Then Mike Johnson had to throw Donald Trump some red meat during this press conference. So he was asked, do you commit to observing regular order in the certification process of the 2024 election, even if Harris beat Trump?


And Mike Johnson said, of course, if we have a free fair election, listen to that. If carefully watch Speaker, do you commit to to observing regular order in the certification process of the 2024 election, even if Kamala Harris beats Donald Trump? Well of course if we have a free, fair and safe election, we're gonna follow the Constitution. Absolutely. Yes, absolutely, yes. And then this moment just shows the complete hypocrisy of Mike Johnson and this kind of Christian image that he tries to present. The New York Times had reported that one of the members of the Republican Party in Congress, Anthony Dito, he had an affair with a woman and then he put her on the congressional payroll.


Mike Johnson was asked if there was anything wrong about that. And Mike Johnson, of course, blames the, the liberal press says it's a partisan hit piece. Watch this speaker, The New York Times reporter yesterday, I'm sure you saw that one of your members, Mr. Sto, of New York reportedly was putting a family member as well as a woman with whom he was having an affair on the congressional payroll. Number one, was that wrong of him to do that? And number two, would you support ethics investigation this Matter? Look, I'm not gonna make any detailed statement on this 'cause I don't know the details. I've been very busy the last 48 hours or so. I, I'm aware that there's this issue out there in these allegations. I haven't had a chance yet to speak with Anthony.


He did, I'm told this morning, come out with a, a statement. It's that it's the allegations are untrue. It's a partisan hit piece that would not surprise anyone in a tight election cycle in a seat that's, it's, that's hotly contested. But he's been a very strong advocate for his district. I've been up there a lot. I know the people of his district and they are, they're great champions of him and he of them. And so what we're focusing on right now is getting the, the government funding situation resolved and headed home to win the election. And and that's where I'm gonna leave that yes. From That is just complete and utter cowardice by Speaker Mike Johnson. And that is their go-to anytime they get caught doing bad things, whether it's Match Lap or Donald Trump or Mark Robinson or Anthony Dito, it's always, oh, this is just a partisan hit piece.


They're just out To, get me whatever happened to the party of personal responsibility or did that never exist? I guess, I don't know. President Biden meanwhile was speaking at the UN showing what leadership actually looks like and he was telling the world leaders at the UN how important it is to step aside and seed power in order to move the country forward. This moment was incredibly powerful watch. I made the preservation of democracy, the central cause of my presidency this summer I faced a decision whether to seek a second term as president was a difficult decision. Being president has been the honor of my life.


There's so much more I wanna get done. As much as I love the job, I love my country more, I decided after 50 years of public service, it's time for new generation of leadership to take my nation forward. My fellow leaders let us never forget, some things are more important than staying in power. It's your people, it's your You powerful stuff. And just for fun and for a little bit of a contrast, let's remind everybody what it looked like when Donald Trump was laughed at by the entire UN when he spoke to them.


They, The extraordinary progress we've made. In less than two years, my administration has accomplished more than almost any administration in the history of our country. America's so true. Didn't expect that reaction, but that's okay. So there still is plenty left of the day folks and Fox and the Republicans are already in chaos. Thank you so much for watching these updates. I'm gonna be bringing you updates all day long.


So make sure you hit the subscribe button. Make sure you hit the notification bell so that you are updated on any videos we post. Go ahead and subscribe to the Midas Touch Podcast on audio and listen to us daily there and leave us a five star review if you can. It really helps. Thanks so much for, for watching. I'll see you in a bit. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.