
Hungry for a great deal. We've got you. Our Circle K three, four, and $5 meal deals are in store. Now, whether it's breakfast, lunch, or dinner, it's easy to find something to love with our unbeatable value. Meal deals like a hot dog, chips and a polar pop, just $3 or any flavor, 8.4 ounce Red Bull breakfast sandwich and hash brown, just $4 dash four dining. How about any 20 ounce Pepsi Mountain Dew or Starry? And two pizza slices, just $5. Make a meal of it today at Circle K at participating locations. Visit circle k.com for details.


This episode is brought to you by Tic tac Minty refreshing classic. And it's not just the tic tac mince, it's the new track by Canis with beats that'll leave you feeling as refreshed as a tic tac and a vibe that'll take you on a ride through 100 layers of flavor. Does it get any fresher than this Tac? Enjoy the that hundred layer joy, right? Pop one. Let's paint the freshman flavors all around. Take a ride on aac. Pick up a pack of Tic Tac mints today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Hey guys. Back to the playground again, huh? Yep. You know what? This playground could use a wine country. Heck yeah. And some waves. So we could go surfing. Oh, I love that. A redwood forest would be cool. I'm in. Ah, ski slopes. Let's do it. Tenor girl. Go shopping. Yeah, baby. Wait, did we just invent California? Discover why California is the ultimate playground@busycalifornia.com,


The Fox State regime. Media strikes again. So here's what went down. So on their morning shows like Maria Barter Roma, they were reporting 'cause it was a business show that inflation is way up right now exceeding anybody's expectations because of Donald Trump. So what Fox tries to do at first is just say, look, this is not Donald Trump's fault. It's just the bird flu. It's avian flu. Don't blame Donald Trump. But see, Trump gets pissed. He sees that. So then Donald Trump starts posting on social media, Biden inflation up, and then Donald Trump starts attacking the Federal Reserve chair, Jerome Powell saying interest rates should be lowered.


Something which would go hand in hand with upcoming tariffs. Let's rock and roll America. Then Fox has to change its entire coverage to just be like pure propaganda, which it was before. But then they have all these guests on, like Marjorie Taylor Green, Caroline Levitt, the press secretary, Stephen Miller, and they're all repeating the same line. This is what you voted for. This is what you want. Elon Musk is a genius. He's volunteering his time. Oh my gosh. This is what you want, America. We're doing it. We're shaking things up. Let me break down the anatomy of state regime media right now. So first I wanna show you that report from the morning where Maria Barter Roma and her panel have anxiety that the bird flu and related spike in egg prices could be quote, another covid crisis to greet Donald Trump.


You see, they treat him like he's a little toddler. Oh, it's never Donald Trump's fault. Always the victim. Here, watch this. Egg prices are soaring. Last week, the average wholesale price for large white shell eggs reached $8 for a dozen. This is wholesale. Retail is higher than this. The previous all time wholesale price was $5 46 cents back in December, 2022. How much are eggs retail right now? Right Now, probably 11, 12, 13, $14. Which ones? You want brown eggs? You want free range eggs, et cetera, et cetera. But they're in the, they're in the, it's low teens right now. I've I've never seen anything like that. Well, it's $14 for a dozen eggs. They're Killing, they're killing the chickens.


Yeah. And, and because of bird flu, right before the bird flow, now let's ask the, the $64 trillion question. Is this a no, another covid crisis? To, to greet, to greet President Trump? Wow. And we don't know That. I'm getting, I'm getting anxiety already. Your finger in it. Tell January 25th. Okay, so that pisses Donald Trump off. So now Fox has to recalibrate its entire programming. So Q in Caroline Levitt, I mean, she's just so utterly pathetic, isn't she? So then she goes on like Jesse Waters and she goes, this, these are monumental changes that the people wanted. People wanted monumental changes.


We're giving it to him. Here play this clip. It's again, the American people voted for this monumental change, and that's exactly what they're getting. Okay? Then they have Steven Miller on, and Steven Miller's, like, he's looking more like a genius every day. This is genius. You see, this is so genius what we're doing here. Watch this. They Look like fools. And Donald Trump looks more brilliant and more genius every single day as he's implementing his agenda and is working and our lives are getting better by the minute. Okay? Next, you then have Marjorie Taylor Greene saying, this is what we wanted. Everyone voted for this Elon Musk raiding the government. We, we did it. America Mission accomplished.


So what they're trying to tell their zombified, you know, right wing fascist viewership, I guess zombified, you know, is that, oh, oh, we want this. Oh, this is good, good. Like Pavlov, we like this Here, play this clip. I completely agree with you, Sean. Elon Musk is giving our entire country an inside look at the actual fraud waste abuse that's been going on for decades. And Americans are cheering and cheering and cheering. You know, everyone did vote for this. This is exactly what we voted for. This is what we campaigned for. And this is what President Trump promised to the American people.


Okay? And then Marjorie Taylor Greene goes even a step further. And she's like, and Elon Musk, we, we should be appreciative. He's, this is a billionaire who's just volunteering his time here. Play this clip with More, I'm actually very appreciative to Elon Musk, the smart, the guy, the smartest guy in the world, one of the richest guys in the world that's volunteering to do this for our country and exposing their reckless spending and abuse of taxpayer dollars. I'm grateful for it. I completely agree with you, Sean. Really Just, it's just so nice. Really. I mean, a guy who built his business off of government contracts.


Someone who is being investigated by mostly every single government agency for all of his misconduct. We then learned yesterday that Elon Musk's Tesla was likely going to get a massive government contract for like half a billion dollars for Tesla armor vehicles. Okay? He's what a what A selfless individual. And the only funny thing, If you won't even want to call it, that was when Elon Musk's kid was cursing at Donald Trump. And I, I didn't mean like, what, what, what he's gonna be raising a kid just like him. But just seeing Donald Trump get cursed out by Elon Musk kid saying, you're not the fing president. And Donald Trump just like sat there and take it and took it as like the ultimate powerless image.


That's was wild to watch. Alright, so, so then get this. So then they have Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the governor of Arkansas. Now she's the most wasteful governor in history. You've probably seen, I've done the Lectern Gate videos where she spent like $20,000 on a fake lectern, but ended up, I think, going to Paris with her friends. She spends all this money on this, like going to football, all the, this taxpayer money going to football games. She has these like pr, these like press conferences where she like lines up like all the cops behind her. So she looks tough, like she's the most wasteful person imaginable.


While Arkansas ranks kind of just as low as Oklahoma does in areas of like education and wealth and like you name it, Arkansas's towards the bottom. And it's sad 'cause Arkansas's a a, a great state and they could have like elected a, a rocket si like a, like a rocket scientist Democrat, an accomplished person who is running against her and they chose her. But here's Sarah Huckabee Sanders saying we have to stop this waste and we have to stop this fraud again. They're always just telling on themselves, here's Huckabee Sanders, let's play it. We should be looking at all of the waste and the fraud. The president is spot on to go after all of these insane programs, get rid of them and make sure we're actually using taxpayer money wisely.


He has not stopped since the day he stepped into office. And I don't think he's going to over the next four years. I think that the Democrats are terrified at what all he is gonna find. Maybe they're using this as a distraction. It's really the only thing I can think of that makes sense why they're continuing down this road. Yeah, they Definitely are acting guilty. Like they got caught with their hand in the cookie jar real quick. 'cause Then what does Jesse Waters need to do to, you know, further kind of pump up the Fox Zombified audience? He has to say basically, you know, here comes the people who have weaponized the government against our victim. Our poor Donald Trump is trying to gut the government.


And there are people standing up to him. What a victim here play this clip. This isn't revenge. It just so happens that the people who have weaponized the government against Trump are also the ones breaking the law. And then Jesse Waters is like Donald Trump. When I think of him. All I well that comes to my mind is a true humanitarian play this clip At all. And so Trump is, despite what people say about him, a true humanitarian, he places such a priority on human life. You got the Gaza hostages, you got the Russian hostages, you got the Venezuelan hostages almost immediately. And remember what, what we did with Otto Warberg, it's also the Maha movement.


It's also fighting fentanyl. All of these things are about cherishing and saving human lives, and he doesn't get a lot of credit for that. Then they bring in maga, Republican Congress member Chip Roy, who basically says what we need to give Donald Trump the power for is the power of impoundment. Impoundment is illegal. What Trump's been trying to do is seize all of the, remember, Congress has this pocketbook. The power of the purse is in Congress. They've already appropriated money in past laws that go to things impoundment, that word impoundment.


It's what it sounds like. Impounding taking the money and seizing it for himself, for Donald Trump. So Trump does what he wants, but he and Elon Musk not where the laws say the money should go, right? The laws designate where the money should go. Trump wants to impound it here. Let's play this clip. But the president is right. He should stay the course. He has a constitutional right and duty to defend our tax dollars. Russ vote can use impoundment. We can do rescissions. And the President is not forced to spend every single dollar he can do it the way he sees fit as the chief executive. Appreciate it very much. Congressman Chip Roy, always interesting to talk to you. Thank you so much, sir, for being with us tonight.


It's great to see you again.


I often get asked, what's the secret to how Midas touch has grown so fast? I said, it's easy. It's the community, the Midas mighty number one. Then we have to make good content. Number three, we gotta have the business behind the business, the nuts and bolts that make it all work. And we use Shopify here at the Midas Touch Network. Nobody does selling better than Shopify. It's home of the number one checkout on the planet and the not so secret secret with Shop Pay, it boosts your conversions by up to 50%, meaning way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going down. So if you are into growing your business, your commerce platform, make it better today and sign up with Shopify. Join Shopify businesses that sell More. Sell on Shopify. So here's what you gotta do. Upgrade your business the way we did, and I want you to head to Shopify dot com slash midas. That's S-H-O-P-I-F y.com/midas. Upgrade your selling today. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period right here. If you go to Shopify dot com slash Midas, all lowercase, that's Shopify dot com slash Midas and get that $1 per month trial period right now. Thanks, Shopify.


Now here's the thing I just wanna remind you of. And again, let's set aside political parties for a second. If you want to do something, we live in a democracy. We we're not a dictatorship, although Trump's turned it into an authoritarian regime already. But what you do is you pass a law. That's what you do. Trump controls Republicans are control of the House, the Senate, and the Executive branch. So if you want to do something, just pass a law and you could pass a law, shut down U-S-A-I-D, pass a law, shut down the Department of Labor, pass a law, enable Doge to do X, Y, and Z. Pass a law, stop this, pass a law. Do that. That's the way our system is supposed to work.


But Trump and Mags want impoundment. Give Donald Trump the power of the purse and allow him to do whatever he wants and give him immunity. That's called the dictatorship. You could pass laws, but they don't want to do that. And you know why? Let me just share this with you as well though, because I do wanna give a shout out to our friend Jessica Tarla. And she goes on Fox and she gives him some pushback. So it's good to see Jessica Tarla hear Jessica Tarla is, and here she's talking about what Musk is doing. Play this clip Reaction. When you hear that, That sounds like a completely normal reaction to this. The problem isn't with Doge or the mission of Doge.


Everyone remembers when it got announced. There were a bunch of Democrats who said, let me on the committee, you know Jared Mosque. That's right. Sign me up. The problem is with what? With the problem is with what's actually happening. And If you look between the numbers, people are broadly supportive of Doge, even the Gen Z class. But Elon Musk only has a 31% approval rating with 18 to 29 year olds. And how he's executing this and they can see the difference between chaos and actually creating efficiency. They're looking at a world in which hundreds of millions of dollars of aid is going to perish because they're blocking us sending it out. There was a story about a 71-year-old woman in Thailand who goes to A-U-S-A-I-D hospital to get her oxygen treatments.


She died because that hospital was cut off from their aid package. They're looking at lies that have been spread. It's of, it's unfortunate that U-S-A-I-D wasted so much of their own money that they put themselves not in this Position, but that's a ID is what about $40 billion. And you look at that in Contract, that's a lot of money. Well, it isn't when you look at the four and a half trillion dollars no in Tax, no matter how you look at, it's a lot of Money. It's not. They wanna take $2 trillion out in Medicare, in Medicaid, in SNAP benefits. They wanna add 4.5 trillion in tax cuts, but they can't fund a hospital in Thailand so that woman can get her treatments. Rich, lemme Lemme let you in here And here Tarlov is again, let's play it.


But the real issue here is that he's talking big game about transparency, but he's not being transparent himself. This idea that Elon Musk shouldn't have to do financial disclosures like everybody else who's working in the government is ludicrous. The New York Times, they're the Doge website, they're not. No. Well also when you pull it up, it's empty right now. And President Trump said yesterday, oh well he doesn't need to do it. Caroline Levitt has said, we don't, he, he doesn't need to do it. The New York Times is reporting that at least 11 of the federal agencies that they have gone after have opened complaints over 32 open complaints into Musk's businesses. Don't the American people deserve to know he has tens of billions of dollars in government contracts. If you are the Doge master, then open up your own books.


That's part of the federal government. They are spending money on Elon Musk and all this technology Say, so it's good to see Tarla, you know, fighting there. And while all of this is going on as well, Russia's stock market soaring today as America's stock market was doing horribly. And then you've got people like Elon Musk who's out there attacking judges. This evil judge Must be fired. And then this guy, Andy goes, judge John Bates is the same judge who presided over Matt Perna, one of the five January 6th defendants who unli themselves, John Bates needs to be fired.


Okay? Federal Judge John Bates, senior judge in Washington DC appointed by George W. Bush. I know he made one of those rulings that said what, what Judge Bates ruled was that the websites for H-H-S-F-D-A-N-I-H and a few other agencies, they needed to be restored. So for that, why? And people depend on those things for their life. But for that, MAGA was going after MAGA was going after him. Now, let me just share with you one final thing, because you know it's not on Fox, but I think it's worth it to see John Bolton on CNN.


He used to go on Fox More when he was Trump's national security advisor. But here he talks about how what Donald Trump did with Russia yesterday in the Oval Office, basically saying that he was not okay with Ukraine becoming a nato, that Trump was gonna go visit Putin, blaming Ukraine for Russia's unlawful invasion, saying that the borders should not be what they were pre 2014 in Ukraine. I mean, just total capitulation. And so John Bolton's, like, so literally before the negotiation, you're giving Putin everything he wants. That's called surrender Here, play this clip On your point that you just made about not having Ukraine be in NATO borders, returning to what they were pre 2014, which Hegg had.


Seth was off the table if, if a Trump official was here tonight and they argued, well that's just being realistic. What would you say to that? I'd say that if you're going into a negotiation, you don't announce what's acceptable to you before it begins and give away positions. I tell you, I've done a lot of negotiation with the Russians and there's, there's no country out there that's better at pocketing concessions that you make. And then wanting, wanting more. We, we used to joke in Soviet arms control days about a famous Russian negotiator who used to greet the Americans every morning with the jovial, well, what have you got for me today? And, and that's what we're hearing from Russia.


Thi this is something Putin prepared the ground for. You know, last week he said he agreed with Trump that in the comments Trump had made in the election, that the war never would've taken place had Trump been president. So he began the flattery campaign, the release of Mark Fogel, the American hostage, part of the flattery warmup campaign, make Trump look like the center of attention, belarus's decision to release an American and a couple others part of the flattery campaign. It's obviously working. There you have it folks. Let me know what you think about, you saw that strategy, what Fox did starting in the morning, and then you see the brainwashing that they do over and over and over again. Hit subscribe.


Help us get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like ELO or Allbirds or Skims, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is actually the business behind the business making, selling simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And the not so secret, secret with shop pay that boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash try. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash try to upgrade your selling today, Shopify dot com slash try.