
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames and adjustable handlebar oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. A bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on MO and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Dr. Power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


There's A reason that they, they call Donald Trump. No deals Donald or some people refer to him as a Taco Trump, always chicken outs that doesn't just apply to his trade policy, it applies to his foreign policy in general as well. And you see the chaotic, incoherent policies of Trump at play with his negotiations between the United States and Iran, where Iran is like totally punking him and they're saying, we have no clue what the United States is even proposing. And they're constantly changing things. And then you have Donald Trump caving and like giving up key negotiating points in order just to try to make a deal.


And then he tries to like pull those terms back via social media posts. Like, let me try to break down what's going on with Donald Trump's negotiations with Iran. Let me bring some receipts as well. So the headline, Trump caves US nuclear deal with Iran being proposed by the Trump regime. It allows Iran to enrich uranium, which was a bright line that Donald Trump and all these MAGA Republicans said that they were never going to, that they would never cross, right? When Donald Trump's been attacking former President Obama's deal with Iran, which was known as the J-C-P-O-A, the joint comprehensive plan of action.


It was with the United States, United Kingdom, France, China, Russia, and Germany along with Iran. Yes. You see, Obama brought in all of these other countries into the deal. The part that Trump and all of the MAGA Republicans attacked Obama for was you're still allowing some uranium enrichment to take place and if you allow some, Iran's gonna run with it and basically void the deal. One of the other aspects that former President Obama was attacked by Donald Trump and others for saying that the monitoring and verification process was not strong and robust enough. So Trump pulled the United, during his first term, pulled the United States out of the deal with Iran to stop Iran from having nuclear weapons.


And basically what Donald Trump, what at least it's been reported, that that Donald Trump's regime has been proposing to Iran is a weaker more water down version of the Obama deal with Iran, that all of the Magar Republicans were saying it's the worst thing ever. And it would allow Iran to continue enriching uranium. So then Donald Trump had to come out with a post with exclamation points saying, absolutely not. We will never allow them to enrich uranium. And it just goes back to this whole idea of this chaos. Like who's running this? Who, who, who are, who's negotiating these deals? Who knows what the hell is going on?


Because with all of these things, what we hear time and time again from other countries, whether it's Japan, whether it's India, whether it's the European Union, is they have no clue what Trump is even asking for, like what the negotiations are even about because it's just constantly changing over and over again. So at first, Axios got the scoop that this US nuclear deal with Iran allows Iran to enrich uranium at low levels and doesn't include the full dismantlement of the nuclear facilities, which all the Republicans said that Trump was definitely gonna get, that there would be no more enrichment at all.


As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski says this combined with a Reuters report that Iran was about to reject Trump's previous proposal indicates that Taco Trump has made an appearance at the Iran Nuke talks and he is caving. Just go go through this Axios article, which lists the terms of this deal with Iran for a moment. The nuclear deal proposal the US gave Iran over the weekend would allow limited low level uranium enrichment on Iranian soil for a to be determined period of time. Axios has learned Steve Whitcoff and Marco Rubio were allegedly involved in these discussions.


It goes on to talk about how Iran won't be allowed to develop domestic enrichment capabilities beyond those necessary for civilian purposes. After signing the agreement, Iran will have to temporarily reduce its enrichment concentration to 3%. This period will be agreed upon in negotiations. Iran's underground enrichment facilities will have to become non-operational. According to the proposal. The agreement will establish a strong system for monitoring and verification, including immediate approval of the I AEAs additional protocol. And again, you just compare this to former President Obama's J-C-P-O-A.


And what I just read for you is a more watered down version in the J-C-P-O-A Iran committed to robust inspections by the IAEA, including access to declared nuclear facilities and supply chain. So what did Donald Trump do after this news broke? Donald Trump then started posting, no, you're wrong, I'm not supportive of this. His post is the auto pen should have stopped Iran a long time ago from quote, enriching under our potential agreement, we will not allow any enrichment of uranium. And he puts that all in caps.


So then Iranian officials are saying the nuclear proposal by the US is incoherent and disjointed. As sources warn talks, momentum is collapsing. And the this is how Iran basically characterizes things. They go, the fact that the Americans constantly change their positions has so far been the main obstacle to the success of the talks and now makes the work more difficult than ever. The text is clearly in conflict with the latest agreement reach during the fifth round of negotiations is what this Iranian official says. You, you keep on changing the terms.


We don't know what you're even asking for at this time as this one account says Trump walked away from the Obama Iran deal and his deal is gonna be slightly worse. And so is MAGA gonna praise him now as a great deal maker for just doing Obama's deal, but a worst deal. And then Congress member Eric Swalwell says, I love that Trump is going copy and paste on Obama's Iran nuclear deal, which Trump backed out of during his first term. This account right here at the main wonk love this guy's work. He says, good outline of Trump's Iran proposal as reported and comparing it to Obama.


It's quite literally Obama's Iran nuke deal. The J-C-P-O-A, except the J-C-P-O-A was stronger when it came to enforcement mechanisms. Now the leader of Iran, Ayatollah Khomeini had been posting a lot about Donald Trump not being a serious negotiator and basically mocking Donald Trump on social media. Ayatollah Khomeini on May 17th, 2025 says, Trump said he wants to use power for peace. He's lying. Some of the remarks made during the US President's trip to the region, that's when Trump went to Qatar, Saudi Arabia and UAE. Some of the remarks made during Trump's trip to the region aren't even worth the response at all.


Menti says the level of those remarks is so low that they are a source of shame for the American nation. Then on May 20th, 2025, Ayatollah Khomeini writes in, he goes, the reason the US insists so much on direct negotiations is to claim that they've been able to bring Iran to the negotiating table using threats, inducements, and tricks. We won't allow that. Then he says, indirect negotiations took place. Needless to say, there was no res no result. We don't think these negotiations will yield results now either. We don't know what will happen. That's May 20th, 2025. He also writes for the Americans to say, we won't allow Iran to enrich uranium is utter nonsense.


We aren't waiting for anyone's permission. The Islamic Republic has certain policies and it will pursue them. I'd like to give a reminder to the other side. The Americans who are talking in these indirect negotiations should avoid talking nonsense. For them to say, we won't allow Iran to enrich uranium is utter nonsense. And so what we saw was Iran pulling out of the nuclear discussions. Trump desperately trying to make a deal. He's been saying, I wanna make a deal. I gotta make a deal. So then obviously a deal was proposed to Iran, which allowed nuclear uranium enrichment from Iran.


And then once that was reported that Donald Trump was a taco, Trump always chickens out and that Trump is caving. Trump then goes on the true social, his social media platform and says, we will not allow them to enrich uranium. And this is just what we see over and over again with Donald Trump.


Hey, Midas mighty. So I used to have no clue what to get my mom for Mother's Day. And she'd often hit me with the, you don't have to get me anything, but I wanted to get her something incredible. I didn't really know where to go though. And now it's my wife's first Mother's Day since we had our baby girl Jimena together. And so she also said, I don't really want anything for Mother's Day, but I want to make sure I get her something extra special. And so for both my mom and my wife, I shop at Quince and I hope you shop at Quince too. So they've got everything from cashmere sweaters from $50 14 Carrick gold jewelry, Italian leather bags, fragrances, and more. And here's the thing, all Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands by partnering directly with the top factories. Quince cuts out the cost of the middleman and passes on the savings to us. And Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. I love that. I don't wanna fully reveal the secret yet of what I got my mom, but I got her incredible necklace and I got my wife an incredible set of earrings. I also got my mom a suitcase from Quince this way when she visits me and her granddaughter Jimena. She travels in style. So thank you Quince for that thoughtful, timeless, totally her shop Mother's Day at Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash Midas for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to get free shipping and 365 day returns. That's Quince dot com slash midas Q-U-I-N-C e.com/midas.


Let me share this with you. MAGA Republican Senator Tom Cotton. Here he is back on May 8th and here, or he talks about, look, Trump's gonna do a strong deal. He's not gonna allow Iran to enrich uranium, but the deal that Trump was gonna do before he just got mocked for it would've allowed Iran to enrich uranium. Here's what Tom Cotton said, play this clip. Well, Brian, president Trump has been very clear about this for 10 years since he first entered politics. Iran can never be allowed to have a nuclear weapon. This is the seventh anniversary of one of the best and most important decisions President Trump made in his first term, which is to withdraw the United States from the disastrous Obama nuclear deal. Now he's trying to get a better deal, the deal, as he said over the weekend, which is the total dismantlement of their nuclear program.


There's no reason for Iran to enrich uranium. As Secretary Rubio has said, if they enrich to the lowest levels, they can enrich the highest levels. So they have to totally dismantle their program. And President Trump has been very clear. He's willing to sit down, he's willing to get a good strong deal, but he's also not gonna let the Iranians tap him along as they continue to enrich uranium and get closer to a bomb. Now, here's what Magar publican senator Ted Cruz had to say. Also play this clip. I gotta say Mark, that there's a real contrast between the strength that President Trump has shown with respect to Iran and the weakness and appeasement that Joe Biden showed for four years. The first term President Trump took on Iran, directly pulled out of the disastrous Obama Iran nuclear deal.


He ended the civilian nuclear waivers, he ended the oil waivers and the result, maximum pressure put the Iranian economy into free fall. Their oil sales fell from a million barrels a day of oil down all the way down to 300,000 barrels of oil. Now I, I wanna show you how thirsty, how weak and pathetic, in my opinion Donald Trump looks. So back on May 15th, 2025, when Donald Trump was in the Middle East, he said that he thinks the US is close to doing a nuclear deal with Iran. He said, we're very close to getting this deal done. And it's basically about to happen.


Remember when he said this play, this clip, And you probably read today the story about Iran has sort of agreed to the terms they're not gonna make out. I call it in a friendly way, nuclear dust. We're not gonna be making any nuclear dust in Iran. And we've been strong. I want them to succeed. I want them to end up being a great country, frankly. But they can't have a nuclear weapon. That's the only thing. It's very simple. It's not like I have to give you 30 pages worth of details. There's only one sentence. They can't have a nuclear weapon. And then at that same trip, he's like, I really want to make a deal with Iran. I really want to make a deal with him. But do you see how weak this is that he's projecting here?


He touts what he's doing here, play this clip. I wanna make a deal with Iran. I want to do something if it's possible. But for that to happen, I must stop sponsoring terror, halted bloody proxy wars and permanently and verifiably cease its pursuit of nuclear weapons. They cannot have a nuclear weapon. I don't imagine there's anybody at this table or anybody in this room that would say they can't. I am strongly urging all nations to join us in fully and totally enforcing the sanctions that I just placed on Iran. And we also placed secondary sanctions, which are in certain ways even more devastating. Iran, as you know, had no money when I left office, they were broke.


They had no money for Hamas. They had no money for Hezbollah. There was no attack, there was no thought of attack. There would've been no attack if I were president. Now about seven years ago or so, here's what Donald Trump said when he terminated Obama's deal with Iran. Here play this clip. The so-called Iran deal was supposed to protect the United States and our allies from the lunacy of an Iranian nuclear bomb, a weapon that will only endanger the survival of the Iranian regime. In fact, the deal allowed or ran to continue enriching uranium and over time reach the brink of a nuclear breakout.


So when you put all of this together, it's a microcosm, I think of just the larger issue here and, and we're seeing it. It's not just like Taco Trump always chickens out. It's not just that he caves. It truly is that it is incoherent what they are asking for. And because they constantly change what their views and opinions are based on Donald Trump waking up and making a social media post. There's very little clarity out there. And that's what we've heard time and time again in all of these trade negotiations, which is what are the terms that the US is agreeable to or not agreeable to?


And then will the US abide by those terms or are they just making it up and and are they changing it? And I, I read from you Ayatollah Khomeini's post where he's saying that they're not going to give up enriching uranium. So if they're not gonna give up enriching uranium, and even though Trump seemed to be okay with them agreeing to enrich a small amount of uranium for civilian use, but now Trump's saying he's not for that. What the hell is happening? And I think it's also important to note, one of the things that was said there though, is that, see, Trump just wants us Iran negotiations one-on-one.


You see, former President Obama was smart and he said, US can't do this alone if you actually want to enforce it. So that's why Obama brought in all these other countries to the table, China, United Kingdom, France, even Russia, Germany back in 2015. And order to have a, a coalition, if you will, oversee this versus, you know, I, I think just doing it one-on-one is probably very difficult. But Trump's isolated the US from everybody at this point. So anyway, I hope that gives you a comprehensive understanding of what's taking place. Let me know. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.