
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams, endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, cool. Take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit MD gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or Text HOPE NY in New York.


So Republicans scheduled three confirmation hearings today to try to jam them all through of the most unqualified, dangerous people you had Cash Patel, who Donald Trump put to lead the FBI. You had Tulsi Gabber, who Donald Trump put to be the Director of National Intelligence. And you have anti-Vaxxer RFK Jr. Who Donald Trump put to run Health and Human Services. The hearings went off the rails awfully quickly. Today we try to keep track of them all here on the Midas Touch Network here. Cash Patel, who Donald Trump wants appointed to lead the FBI is asked, can you simply say that Joe Biden won the 2020 election Cash Patel refuses to do so.


Play this clip. Can you say the words, Joe Biden won the 2020 election. Joe Biden is the P was the President of the United States. You I gonna stay on this. There's a difference. I can say the words Donald Trump won. I don't like to say it, but I must say it. Next up, you have Democratic Senator Dick Durbin. Ask Cash Patel about creating a musical with the January 6th insurrectionist and a song called the J six Choir, which was used to replace the national anthem at Donald Trump. Campaign events. Play the clip. Tell Me about your J six choir.


What is that? Well, it's not my choir. It's simply a recording that was utilized to raise funds for families in need of nonviolent offenders. Who sings on this recording? I don't know. Senator, What did you have to do with it? Simply to raise funds to assist families of non-violent offenders whose kids needed college education payments and whose rent needed being paid. My understanding is that the performers on this J six choir were the rioters who are in prison. I'm not aware of that, sir, I didn't have anything to do with the recording. You, you weren't aware of who made the recording.


No. Senator. Now I wanna show you this clip first to show you Cash Patel is a liar. Some may call that committing perjury, others may say lying, but I'll leave that distinction or determination up to you and your opinion. But here, cash Patel Repe appears repeatedly on a show called Stew Peters, which spread some heinous conspiracies and lies and a bunch of toxic, dangerous, dangerous stuff. I want you to watch him first appear 'cause then I'm gonna show you a clip where Cash Patel says Stew. I don't know this guy. So first let me give you receipts, play the Clip. Thank you so much for being here.


We appreciate it. Thanks Stu. Always love coming on your show. C Patel, thank you so much for making the time to be here with us. We appreciate it. Thanks dude. Appreciate It. Thank you so much for being here. We appreciate it. Thanks dude. Appreciate it. See you soon. I gotta go cash. Thank you so much for being here. We really appreciate it. Thanks, dude. Up against a hard break here. This, thank you so much for being here. We appreciate it. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. Stu Cash Patel, thank you so much for being here. We appreciate it. Thanks so much Stu. Appreciate it. You're got got a great show. Thank you. Thank you for that montage. Ron Philip Kowski, our editor in chief now, democratic Senator Dick Durbin asked Cash Patel, do you know who Stu Peters? Are you familiar who that is? What that is? And Cash Patel's like, Nope. Watch this. Stu Peters. Does that name ring a bell?


I'm sorry. What is, Are you familiar with Mr. Stu Peters? Not off the top of my head. He made eight separate appearances on his podcast. He promoted outrageous conspiracy theories and worked with a prominent neo-Nazi. They're more Ted Nugent. It goes on list goes on. I'm just asking, when it comes to your association with individuals, why are so many of them in this category? My association, as you loosely define it, is by appearing in media over a thousand times to take on people who are putting on conspiratorial theories and to devour them of their false impressions and to talk to them about the truth.


That is something that I will always continue to fight for. Senator. Now I wanna show you RFK Jr. He goes, I've never said anything wrong about science. Play this clip wrong. And this show me a single statement I made about science that is erroneous. Thank You. Okay, you want me to show you receipts? Democratic Senator Bernie Sanders. Bring in the receipts, Blake. So my question to you is, were the scientists who told us that the Covid vaccine was imperative and President Trump who told us that it was this great thing, were they right? Or were you right when you told people that they should not take covid shots?


Senator, I filed that lawsuit after CDC recommended the vaccine for 6-year-old children without any evidence that it would benefit them and without testing on 6-year-old children. And that was my reason for filing that lawsuit. Was the vaccine covid vaccine successful in saving millions of laws? I, I don't know. We don't have a good surveillance system. Unfortunately. We don't know. I don't think anybody can say that If you show me science that shows says that. But you know, Bobby, you say, if I show you you are applying for the job, I mean clearly you should know this. And that is the scientific community has established that that covid vaccine saved millions of lives and you are casting doubt.


That is really problematic. All right, let me ask Next up, democratic Senator Bernie Sanders. Here he goes right here. Let's play the clip. Thank you Chairman Cassidy. And I'm gonna do, what I very rarely do is actually follow up on a question from Senator Cassy. There have been, as I understand it, dozens of studies done all over the world that make it very clear that vaccines do not cause autism. Now, you just said, if I heard correctly, well if the evidence is there, the evidence is there. That's it. Vaccines do not cause autism.


Do you agree with that? As I said, I'm not gonna go into HHS with any preordained. I asked you a simple question, Bobby studies all over the world say it does not. What do you think, Senator? If you show me those studies, I will absolutely. As I promised to Chairman Castay, I will apologize. That is a very troubling response because the studies are there. Your job was to have looked at those studies as an applicant for this job.


Alright, So you may know this about me, but I'm a new father and with everything that's going on in the world, if I wasn't already in protect my family mode, I am particularly so with all the uncertainty taking place Right now. So look, I'm focused on life insurance. So I don't just protect my family now, but I protect them in the future. And so for me, when I go think about life insurance, I want to make sure that I'm getting the best. That's why I go to Select Quote. Select Quote is one of America's leading insurance brokers. With nearly 40 years of experience helping over 2 million customers find over several hundred billions of dollars in coverage since 1985, which is the year I was born. Other life insurance brokers offer impersonal one size fits all policies that may cost you more and cover you less. But with select quotes, licensed insurance agents, they work for you and they'll tailor a life insurance policy for your individual needs and as little as 15 minutes. And that's what they did for me. So another thing too, if you're worried about pre-existing health conditions, if you're worried about high blood pressure or diabetes, that's fine too. Just give Select Quote a call. They'll walk you through it and they'll make this a very easy and seamless process and they'll ease your mind the way they did for me. So Get the right life insurance for YOU for less at Select Quote dot com slash midas. Go to Select Quote dot com slash midas today to get started. That's Select Quote dot com slash midas.


Next up we have Senator Murray talking to our Democratic Senator Murray, responding to JFK Jr. Right here play this clip. I I do wanna ask you a question about character. I still believe character matters and I, I wanna let you respond to this. You were accused of sexual harassment and assault by Eliza Cooney, who was first hired as a part-time babysitter by your family. When you were confronted about this accusation, you said you were quote, not a church boy, and that you quote, have so many skeletons in my closet. You then texted Ms. Cooney an apology and indicated you had no memory of what she described. Mr. Kennedy, I'm asking you to respond to those AC accusations seriously in front of this committee.


Did you make sexual advances towards Ms. Cooney without her consent? No, I did not. And that story has been debunked. But why did you apologize to her then for, I apologize for something else That, well, that's not my understanding. Are there, let me just ask you All, all you have to read is the text, which she published is not for that, That that is not how I've read it. Are there any other instances where you have made sexual advances towards an individual without their consent? Just yes or no. No, no. Here is Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, let's play it. And here's what this nominee himself has said about using his office to prosecute journalists.


We will go out and find the conspirators, not just in government, but in the media. We're gonna come after you, whether it's criminally or civilly. Is that a correct quotation, Mr. Patel? Senator? That's a partial quotation, but It's correct In part Democratic Senator Murphy. Let's play it. You lemme finish. What? I'm sorry If you, If you make some great accusation pedophilia to the administer to the administration of vaccines. No, it wasn't pedophilia it. So it was a perfect metaphor. Well, If you have one in 36 kids who has neurological injuries, and if that is, you know, linked, that's something a perfect metaphor should study.


Is it a perfect metaphor? It's not a perfect metaphor, but there's no metaphor that's perfect. But I am pro-vaccine. I am going to support the vaccine program. I want Kids Democratic Senator Hirono to Patel. Let's play it. We have heard already, your book includes a list of 60 people who you think make up part of the executive branch. Deep state. Mr. Patel, they've confirmed. Do you plan to investigate President Trump's former FBI Director Christopher Ray? Yes or no? I have no plans in going backwards. I have plans in safeguarding. How About James Comey? Do you plan to investigate him? Senator, Every investigation will be subject to the same legal Standard. Do you plan to investigate James Comey who's on your list?


I have no intentions of going backwards in every How about Bill Barr intention of using the constitution? How About Bill Barr? Do you plan to investigate him? Who's on your executive branch? Deep state. And you say you're gonna ferret out the deep state. No one yes or no. That did not break. The law will be investigated. It can't, no answers to any of those. And finally, here's Democratic Senator Adam Schiff from the great state of California. Let's play it. Senator Durbin asked you about the January 6th choir of inmates who sung you promoted. And here's what you said. I did not have anything to do with the recording. I did not have anything to do with the recording. Do you stand by that testimony, Mr. Mr. Patel? Senator? What I said was, I didn't do the recording.


You said you didn't have anything to do with the recording, which is interesting because here's what you told Steve Bannon on his podcast. So what we thought would be cool is if we captured that audio and then of course had the greatest president, president Donald J. Trump recite the Pledge of Allegiance. Then we went to a studio and recorded it, mastered it, digitized it, and put it out as a song. Now releasing exclusively on the war room, we, we we, If you had nothing to do with it, Mr. Patel, why did you tell Steve Bannon all's listeners that you did? That's why it says we as you highlighted. Yeah. And you're part of the we, right?


When you say we, that includes you, doesn't it Mr. Patel? Not in every instance. Well, that's new. So when you said we you didn't really mean you, is that your testimony? Not unless you have a new definition for the word we. Oh, okay. I I always thought we included the person who pronounced the word, but maybe not. Well, you also said this, Mr. Patel. We were able to capture the recording thanks to their courageous singing and we were able to take it to a studio. So lemme ask you Mr. Patel, after saying we took it to a studio. Did you take it to a studio? Me personally? No. After you said that we digitized and recorded it and all that, did you take it to a studio and digitized and record it?


Me personally, no. Okay. So you were lying to Steve Bannon and his audience, is that what you're saying? No, I was using the proverbial we appropriately you've Identified. That's the royal we. Oh, I see. And so there You have it folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, lemme point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion. And this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.