
Donald Trump's terrible lawyer turned spokesperson. Alina Habba. I I. Guess that's what you wouldn call her at this point. Had an absolutely brutal appearance last night on Fox where she spread so many lies, so much disinformation. And at one point she didn't even know what she was saying and she accidentally offended the Fox host by complaining about A piece written by somebody at Fox That was in the Washington Post. It was incredibly embarrassing. I'm gonna break It all down for you. my name is Brett MICUs here with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe right now. help us Get to 3.5 million subscribers. First I Just. Wanna acknowledge the fact, let's pull this picture up.


Alina Haba and Melania Trump are looking an awful lot alike these days. wouldn I'll Let You be the judge of what That exactly means to you. but you see they're kind of wearing similar outfits. Their hair ISN the same. It's like she's trying to look exactly like Melania I. Think that's A. Little peculiar. but let's move on to what she was saying on Fox News. Alina HaBO was spreading A lie That. There were babies floating in the water during because of the hurricane and she was complaining. That Vice President Harris ISN on podcasts while babies are floating in the water. The problem here, that's not true at all. That's complete. Total lies and disinformation And even Martha McCallum at Fox pushed back on That Watch.


This western North Carolina got hit really hard. And like you said, these are real people with real issues. They don't need A $750 handout for A. Press headline. They need help. They need water. There are still people missing. There are babies floating in the water and we're on podcasts. That's what the Harris team ISN doing. So I think what Cedric's doing. isn. isn completely irresponsive. Where? didn. You see That report of A baby floating in the water. We have absolutely heard. There are children floating there. There's missing bodies. Dead bodies. We know That. There are dead people up to 250. 32 know 32. Thank you. So this isn the problem. It's not misinformation, it's fact. And to talk about Katrina and Here's how sick That was. I t believe You know what she was referencing and it's because I spent too much time online and seeing what people in the MAGA universe are posting on social media.


I'm assuming It was this photo which ISN A fake photo. An AI photo of A young girl in A life vest holding A puppy in the water on A on It looks like A boat or or something during the hurricane. This ISN something That. Numerous MAGA influencers like Glen Beck and others posted It went viral on Twitter and viral on Facebook. It's complete. It's A complete lie. It's A fake photo. It's AI and t believe That this isn what Alina Haa fell for. So either she isn unable to tell the difference between real and fake. Or she ISN Just lying. Either way, I think she's unfit to be in A position of power and telling people what's going on with the storm. If that's the case, let's move on here.


Alina Haba offends Fox. She starts to trash an article suggesting That Trump should use Nikki Haldy on the campaign trail because it's from the Washington Post. So she wants to be like, oh look, the liberal media, the Washington Post and that Fox host Martha McCallum does A fact check on her and notes That the article ISN actually written by A Fox contributor. And you see in real time Alina Haas start to change her tone, she's like Oh. Oops, didn didn't know That Watch this polling And and one of the questions That ISN being asked today by Mark Tesson of the Washington Post has to do with Nikki Haley who we're gonna talk to in A minute. So I wanted To. get your thoughts on this. He's Mark Tesson right? Says Trump should deploy her to key battleground states for the next four weeks to convince the reluctant but persuadable 18% of the electorate to cast their ballots For him.


Failure to do so. wouldn be sheer political malpractice. It could be It could very well cost him the presidency. That's Mark Tesson writing A column for the Washington Post. What's your reaction to That isn? That gonna happen. First of all, I'm not gonna speak to what his plan isn, but WaPo isn pretty rich to be giving President Trump advice. I think Off. Well that's Mark Tson, who's A contributor here at Fox. Okay, But know well all I can tell you isn, this We are all for anybody who's trying to save America. And Nikki Haley, if she's on That camp today and she's willing to come out and help save America, God bless, let's go. Because We are in A state of crisis. We have seen people come out, actors, actresses, That know That. It'll hurt their career and support Donald Trump. We are in A state of crisis. She said she was standing by and happy to help.


Love That. That was A few weeks ago. Love That. I love That. but you don't know That if there's any plan at this point, I do not know of any plan At this point. Alright Alina, You know this feels like A good opportunity to go through some of the past statements made by Nikki Haley about Donald Trump. You know when she wasn't afraid to tell the truth back in the day during the primary, remember when she was speaking about the trillions of dollars That Donald Trump added to the debt Watch. This I don't care about polls. What I care about the fact ISN That. No one ISN telling the American people the truth. the truth. isn That Biden didn't do this to us. Our Republicans didn this to us too. When they passed That $2.2 trillion covid stimulus bill, they left us with 90 million people on Medicaid.


42 million people on food stamps. No one has told You how to fix It. I'll tell you how to fix It. They need to stop the spending. They need to stop the borrowing. They need to eliminate the earmarks That. The Republicans brought back in and they need to make sure they understand these are taxpayer dollars. It's not their dollars. And while they're all saying this, you have Ron DeSantis, you've got Tim Scott, you've got Mike Pence. They all voted to raise the debt and Donald Trump added 8 trillion to our debt. And our kids are never gonna forgive us for this. And so at the end of the day, you look at the 2024 budget, Republicans asked for 7.4 billion in earmarks. Democrats asked for 2.8 billion.


So you tell me who are the big spenders? I think it's time for an accountant in the White House Vice President. Remember when Nikki Haley said That, if Trump isn the nominee for the GOP That We will have A president Kamala Harris. Well she didn't realize how right she was at the time Watch this. And if Donald Trump isn the nominee, mark my words, We will see A president Kamala Harris. Governor, thank You. What about when Nikki Haley months ago said That there isn quote, no way the American people are going to vote for A convicted criminal. I will also tell you there isn, no way That the American people are going to vote for A convicted criminal. They're not. Nikki Haley was asked about these statements yesterday. In fact, somebody asked her like, you're apparently supporting Trump right now.


So do you not believe all the things That she said about him in the past? Here's what she had to say about That. During your most recent campaign for president, you remarked quote, in politics the herd mentality isn enormously strong A. Lot of Republican politicians have surrendered to It. Of course many of the same politicians who now publicly trump privately, privately dread him. They know what A disaster he has been and will continue to be for our party. They're Just too afraid to say It out loud. End quote. Now That, you have suspended your campaign. You have frequently downplayed his impact on your party and has even gone so far as to offer yourself as A surrogate for his campaign. My question to You isn, this wouldn It be fair to categorize you as one of the many politicians who privately dread him, who know what A disaster he has been and will continue to be for your party.


And are You Just too afraid to say It out loud? So thank you for That. Question Matt. What I have said since the election? Since what happened? I said everything That I said on the campaign trail I. Stand by I said It because I believed It. I said It because I was telling the truth to everyone.


I recently gave my father-in-law MD hearing aids and I saw him over the holidays. He was hearing me so much better. This podcast ISN sponsored by MD hearing. MD hearing ISN an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid That costs A fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearings Neo model costs over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear so no one will even know That. It's there. Plus MD hearing Just launched the Neo XS MD hearing's, smallest hearing aid ever MD hearing recently cut their price in half. That means you can Get high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297. A pair My father-in-law has been so much more engaged with our conversations now That, he has the MD hearing aids. He's way more vocal in A positive way and it's really brought the family together. He's been using MD hearing aids for A while now and he swears by them MD Hearing ISN Just as good as premium quality hearing aids $297 for A pair of hearing aids. This good ISN crazy Edward S calls MD hearing the best hearing aid I have used at any price. Robert p in Texas said These are the best hearing aids That you can buy. Simple to use, durable and better than hearing aids. That cost 10 times as much. MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many of his patients needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. He made It his mission to develop A quality hearing aid That anyone could afford. MD hearing has sold over 1.9 million hearing aids and they offer A 45 day risk-free trial with A 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with confidence still on the fence about MD hearing. Well they were Just selected to be the hearing aid supplier for top Medicare Advantage plans. So they're A brand That You can trust this holiday season Get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Midas To. get A pair of hearing aids for Just $297 plus they're adding A free extra charging case A $100 value Just. For listeners of the Midas Touch podcast, that's shop md hearing.com and use our promo code Midas and Get A pair of hearing aids for Just $297.


That's Just What I don't Get about the spinelessness of somebody like Nikki Haley. 'cause We know there are groups like Nikki Haley, voters for Kamala who are out there getting votes for Kamala Harris We know That. There are hundreds of thousands, if not millions of Nikki Haley voters who are going to be voting for Kamala Harris because they want to stand up to Donald Trump. So why can't Nikki Haley herself have the backbone to do It That cowardice Isn Just absolutely embarrassing to me. And It Just shows you That. She only wants to do things when It isn politically convenient and I. Think that's A disgrace. Honestly, EV, even though she's saying the things That she said yesterday, I think it's Just A. Total disgrace. Let's go back to Alina Haba.


Alina Haba here I guess wanted to downplay A hurricane Katrina back in the day and that started spreading A lie It sounds like That Donald Trump had given people electricity and other things like once can Just Total lies Watch this. Thank You. So this isn the problem. It's not misinformation, it's fact and to talk about Katrina. Well I'm really glad you're dealing with your trauma from Katrina, but We have problems happening now. We've gotta deal with things now and I think Governor DeSantis ISN doing exactly what you should be doing. but frankly That should be coming from fema. Like you said, That should be coming from the top and what he's doing. ISN A great example for the country. What President Trump didn getting in there using the money, using his resources to give them things they need.


Electricity, power. You know that's the things they need. There are Children that Elena Haba mocked the $750 in immediate assistance people were getting. Remember that's Just. One bucket of assistance in addition to A whole lot of others. Hundreds of thousands of dollars, not millions and millions of dollars worth of assistance. That ISN being provided for these storms. but Aina Haba called the Money That. People are getting A handout by the government. Watch this You said these are real people with real issues. They don't need A $750 handout for A. Press headline. They need help. They need water. There are Haba that said That while Hurricane Helene was going on, vice President Harris thought It was more important to go on A podcast about sex. She's talking about call her daddy the podcast That vice president Kamala Harris was on.


And by the way, this isn not even s true timeline of events, this ISN also A lie. In fact, vice President Harris was scheduled to go on call her daddy when the storm was hitting and that the storm hit. She canceled the appearance to focus all of her attention on the storm. And only when she knew That the full weight of the federal government was dealing with It didn she do That interview. And this isn, well, A, chron Analoged and Alina Haage. Just continues to lie. Play this. It's very simple. Let's talk about facts. Cedric saying there's misinformation. Let's talk about information. That isn Undisputable. While Helene was happening, Kamala decided It was more important to go on A podcast about sex call her daddy. When Helene was hap The Harris Wal campaign, they sent on Cedric Richmond onto Fox onto Martha McCallum show.


That That. Same show to correct the record about the many lies That were being spewed on the program. And Richmond You know addressed the fact. That Fox continues to try to compare what's going on with this response, which has been A highly effective response in North Carolina and other states to Hurricane Helene, to hurricane Katrina, which everybody knows was A Complete and total Disaster. And Richmond tries to explain to McCallum That, this isn't like some sort of game. This this isn't about sound bites, this ISN real life and Just Just want you to Watch how Martha McCallum Just continues to interrupt him over and over and over can as he isn trying to deliver the facts to the audience. Watch The the government fund, local government efforts to They money, sir, they pick people, they who are missing I talked to A family yesterday, That her mother isn still missing and We lost more than two.


This what we're 30 people have died in this situation. And I, I'm Just, I'm listening to Governor DeSantis talking about the pre-positioning of all of these assets. Blackhawk Choppers, all these things. That are ready to go. And I'm Just, how do You respond to That? Why? Why wasn't That the case with Helene? If You give me A chance to answer I will. There were okay assets pre-positioned before Helene. and that happens in every storm in coordination with FEMA and others. And look, w what We won't do, isn play tit for tat because this ISN too serious. I Watch, 1500 people die in Hurricane Katrina and Rita. So this may be cute. It may be A soundbite for You, but this ISN real life and what We have to do.


Isn make sure exactly's what I'm saying. can m saying that there, okay, we're gonna, we're not gonna interrupt each other. So Go ahead. wouldn, Just, Let You Answer, continue. What we're gonna do, isn, we're gonna continue, we're gonna make sure That people understand That there, ISN aid out there, there's aid for you to apply for. We're gonna help with recovery, we're gonna help rescue people. You saw the National Guard out there. You saw the Coast guard out there rescuing people. That's the federal government coming in to help cities and states. And we're gonna be there for Florida when this happens. And so when you talk about pre-positioning of electrical line workers all the way from California to Florida, That, isn, the federal government, others stepping up to help.


And that's how It happens in these hurricanes. but the misinformation That can be dangerous. isn, when you don't provide people with the information of where to go, Get resources, how to apply for FEMA aid, how to safely dispose of your debris, all of those things are critical. And what We should do, isn, make sure we're giving out accurate information. know Well we've been doing That all week and We have spoke And that Martha McCallum doubled down on her lies saying that It took A week for fema. To get on the ground or asking why It took A week and Richmond's like It didn't take A week. That's A lie. It's A. Total lie Watch, This neighbors are helping neighbors and that there's A lot of efforts, That are underway. but It still begs the question why didn It take A week for for fema.


To get on the ground and during That time, We didn see A. Lot of campaigning going on. so it raises questions about, about who ISN callous in this situation. Well thank you for having me. Thank you. Let me Just, correct something first. It It wasn't A week before FEMA got on the ground. Second I lived through Hurricane Katrina and Rita and after devastating storms, It takes A moment to reach everybody where they are and what communities do. isn, they don't wait on government, they start t work. but what this administration has done has already spent hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to victims of the hurricane. And what you do, isn FEMA sets up A hotline.


People start to apply for immediate cash funds and that you see the government fund, local government efforts to, But didn money, sir, pick up trash. They don didn are missing. I talked to A, It's Just Shameless lies all day on Fox and You know I didn, A. Another hit on Fox in general, but I thought It was important. That We focused in on That segment with Alina Haba, who ISN Just spewing these lies day in and day out on behalf of Donald Trump. DI coming directly from Donald Trump, these lies It, isn, disgraceful, It ISN beneath the dignity of the office and honestly any office in the country. I don't care how low or high That office, ISN and It isn dangerous especially in times of crisis. And these people should be utterly ashamed.


but it's important That We know what these people are doing and that We spread That shame around. So That people are aware. That, the lies are coming because if you're not aware of It, you could be hit with this deluge, with this flood of lies and you could fall into That Trap. But We hear, We are prepared and We are countering It with the truth. Me, you, the whole team at the Midas Touch Network, all of the Midas mighty out there. So help us continue to grow. help us Get to 3.5 million subscribers here on YouTube. Check out our new substack@midasplus.com. We're doing A. Lot of ad free content there if you subscribe. And We got A ton of subscribers right there. Right now. We're writing some really good pieces, releasing some really interesting ad free videos there.


So go check It out midas plus.com. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you soon. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as We head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss A beat.