
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros. All from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes and you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantisx.com.


Let's talk about state regime. Media known as Fox being in an utter panic mode right now. You had Laura in Grham bringing on a right wing editor from Brightbart and they're trying to understand what the hell Donald Trump was talking about when he went to the US Steel Factory and what the hell these Mago Republicans are claiming about this deal where neon steel from Japan is gonna be acquiring US Steel and Laura Ingram's like, do you know the terms of this? 'cause I don't really know the terms of this deal And then the way they try to frame it like well we should know the terms. 'cause imagine if like, if it's okay now that Trump's the only person that knows, but like what if you have Buttigieg and Harris, then we're gonna be in real trouble.


Play this clip. Well the president fights for American workers first. The president fights for American companies first. This was quite a rally in Pittsburgh. We haven't seen a Trump rally of this sort in a long while here. To break it all down, Alex Marlowe, Breitbart, editor in chief host of the Alex Marlowe Show. Alex, this is being described as a partnership, this deal between Nip on and US Steel, but then it's described as an acquisition on the US Steel website and then it's described as a, as a partnership. And President Trump said he will be watching over things as things proceed as this deal goes forward.


Have you seen any of the terms of this deal thus far? Like who owns the majority stake in this company? Laura, this is exactly where I was hoping you would start because I'm reading all these different things. I'm trying to get deal details and I'm hearing it's an investment. Okay, that sounds terrific and I, here's a partnership thinking, wait a minute and then you think about it. US Steel has been, had the N Nip on Steel's had its eye on US steel trying to buy it for 18 months and we can not have US steel owned by a foreign company. Even a great country like Japan should not be owning any part of US major manufacturing. I mean that is a major national security risk and I've not seen the deal detail to rally with sensational.


I completely trust Donald Trump and I trust the current Japanese government to do something good, but we have to insulate ourselves, Laura, in case we have a bad president one day, right? So any deal when we see these terms, it needs to be Pete Buttigieg proof, it needs to be Kamala Harris proof Being so utterly ridiculous. Where where is the deal? What's the agreement? What we do know is that starting in 2023, in 2024, the deal was an acquisition of neon steel acquiring US steel, which on a bipartisan basis politicians said was dangerous and harmful and should be blocked. Trump said he was going to block it. So why don't we get to see the deal right now? Let's see it. Let's ask him, is it an acquisition?


This shouldn't be complicated stuff. Then you have this MAGA Republican congress member, Dan Mauser on Laura Ingram and he says actually it's more of just like an investment but really US steel's gonna be in control. And even Laura Ingram couldn't just let him get away with that. Here play this clip. Mellon University. Yeah, Congressman, I don't blame. I think it be A big risk for them to take it. Yeah, you're doing what you should do for your district. I don't have any doubt about that. Well, but President Trump campaigned against a deal that would end up with ultimately 51% control of a, of a critical industry like steel in the hands of a foreign entity.


Now you're saying we don't see the terms of the deal. I always want the lawyer, so I wanna see the deal. I dunno why they're hiding the terms of the deal. I haven't seen the deal. Have you actually seen the terms of the deal? No. I have seen where CFIUS is on it and how those national security concerns can be mitigated. And I also know that the president has reviewed it as has I believe Scott Besant, Howard Lu Lunik and others. But it's still being structured, Laura. Well, so wait, whoa, whoa. It needs to be highly satisfactory, right, Congressman? Yeah, but it's, I don't mean to be, I'm not trying to be difficult, but it's still being structured. So, but we have heard repeatedly that this is a partnership on the US Steel website.


It says it's a good thing. Basically I'm paraphrasing that we are being acquired by Nippon. So next up you have Jesse Waters saying that. Oh, everybody's saying that Trump chickened out. Trump's not a chicken play this clip. I'm just kidding Jessica, I pay attention when you talk. I'm a little annoyed about the taco thing because they're saying Trump chickened out. Newsom went to China and was seduced like a woman. Remember they threw him in a toboggan and took him to a zoo and he was like grinning like a little kid, swalwell compromised by the Chinese. I mean this is a very delicate dance we're doing. We just did war gains with the Philippines.


We just did a missile deal with Japan. We're kicking all of their students out of the country. We have a 30% tariff. They only have a 10% tariff. We're about to raise tariffs on their pharmaceuticals. No one's chickening out. Okay, just let the process play out. You panic Greg Talk and then he makes his next attack at Democrats, they have this weird logo, toxic Democrats. And then how like building and maintaining human civilization is serious. I don't even know what they're talking about here. Play this Clip building and maintaining human civilization, serious business. We can lose this country like that. The Roman Empire, the British Empire here one day gone the next.


Now let me show you how Fox tries to literally censor and filter and sane wash Donald Trump. So here's what they were showing in the morning. You're like, Donald Trump issued a statement. First, let me show you visually what the statement looks like, just so you can see. So guys, pull up what the visual statement looks like from Johnny Mag's post. You see it right here where Donald Trump goes to US international courts incredibly ruled against the United States. Wha wha wha it's purely a, a hatred of Trump. What other reason could it be? Then he goes on to, to attack the Federalist Society. I was new to Washington and it was suggested I use the Federalist Society as a recommended source of judges.


I did so openly and freely, but then realized that they were under the thumb of a real sleaze bag named Leonard Leo, a bad person who in his own way probably hates America. He goes on, I don't wanna read you, it's so whiny and blabbering to attack the Federalist Society to attack Leonard Leo. But I'll show you the portion that Fox shows. This is like literally saying, watching for the guy play this clip And the president reacting to the ruling against his tariff agenda on truth Social saying this quote, where do these initial three judges come from? How is it possible for them to have potentially done such damage to the United States of America? Is it purely a hatred of Trump? What other reason could it be?


He continued the ruling by the US Court of International trade is so wrong and so political. Hopefully the Supreme Court will reverse this horrible country threatening decision quickly and decisively. And by the way, under Donald Trump's own terms, shouldn't there be a $20 billion lawsuit against Fox for that? Didn't they just edit? Didn't Donald Trump say that? When didn't Donald Trump say that when 60 Minutes did like a slight edit to one of the things that Kamala Harris said that that caused Donald Trump's severe emotional distress And that that's why he should be paid $20 billion. How pathetic. What a snowflake.


Next you have Kevin O'Leary going on the Fox and Friends Morning show and he's tries to plead with Donald Trump. He's Canadian by the way, and And that, but he's a Canadian who wants Canada to be sold to the United States. Ridiculous, horrific stuff. Vichy Vichy stuff right there. And he goes, he goes, ah, why would we wanna take our best and brightest students and send them out of the United States? Like why are we expelling foreign students play this clip? Yeah, I obviously the lightning rod right now is Harvard and I must disclose, I teach there as an executive fellow. I will say one thing though, in all of this debate, they curate remarkable students from all around the world.


They don't care their religion or geography or race. They just try and find the top 900 they can find and they never cared. And then I met them myself. 30, 37% of the class I'm teaching is from foreign countries. They don't wanna leave America, they don't hate America. They wanna get a passport, stay here and start a business. And I think I'm one of the lone voices pointing that out. Why would we want to take the bright brightest and the smartest people on earth and kick them outta the country after we spend millions teaching them? It seems stupid to me. Yeah, and they, these guys are smart. These men or women are the very best of the very best of the very best that made the cut. Now Harvard's taken a lot of heat for other stuff, but they shouldn't be taking heat for curating amazing cohorts.


These kids are amazing and we gotta keep 'em here. Well, thank you. They've always said it about you. I'm like, Harvard is desperate for you to come back.


So did you know the world's richest source of vitamin C isn't an orange, it's the Kakadu plum from Australia. It's got over a hundred times more vitamin C than your average orange. But I'm not in the outback. And let's be honest, I'm probably not eating enough fruit every day. That's why I trust Aurora Nutri Science's liposomal vitamin C to cover my bases. It's convenient, it's powerful. And because it uses liposomal technology, it actually gets absorbed up to 90% compared to traditional pills or powders. Vitamin C is essential not just for your immune system, but also for collagen production. Energy and recovery from stress. Aurora's formula comes in these travel ready liquid packets that you could rip open and sip. You could keep 'em in your pocket purse or fridge and enjoy them chilled or at room temp. They're non GMO gluten-free made with organic fruit flavors and taste. Surprisingly great. And the best part, one packet gives you as much vitamin C as 15 regular tablets without the stomach upset. That usually comes with high doses. I've started taking it daily to keep myself healthy and my family too. If you wanna give your health a real boost, go to shop vls.com and use discount code Midas Plus for 30% off your first purchase. That's shop vls.com. Code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 30% off Aurora Nutri Science's, liposomal Vitamin C, shop vls.com.


Then on in the morning show you had Sean Duffy, the transportation secretary explained that his flight, this guy runs the FAA, but his flight was so badly delayed he had to drive, play this clip Of transportation. I saw you yesterday. You were down in Washington and then suddenly you're here. Did you fly up just for this? I, well I was gonna fly up, but we had a little delay at Newark like a lot of people have, right? So I actually jumped into the Suburban and drove up. But we're working on Newark. It's gonna get a lot better. Okay. Improvements are coming. Yeah, that's what you say. So I was, you don't believe me. Yesterday I was at pops stroke, okay.


In down in South Florida. And I was supposed to fly from PBI to Newark. Yep. I get to the gate exactly when they're gonna board. And you know what they said, we're gonna board in four hours. Yeah. Just like that. So I wound up going to Delta and I flew into LaGuardia on a plane that was delayed for five hours. So it's not just Newark, it was also LaGuardia. What's the matter why, so why can't you fix this? I thought this was a friendly interview Steve. So listen, what's what's happening is we have, whether, whether it happens in this, you know, this time of year, number one. Number two, we have a limited amount of controllers with 3000 short nationally, right? And then specifically in Newark, we have a runway that's been shut down.


It's gonna open up very quickly. The Port Authority has crushed it on speed. Well, I've heard that it's gonna open essentially in two weeks and that's two more weeks of how, so stay tuned. I think we're gonna beat the timeframe for two weeks. Maybe in the next week it could open. Well that would be breaking news because there are a lot of people in Newark. You're the first one I told that to Steve. Oh really? Yes. Okay. So only for you this, this is big, but, but, but Let, he then talks about how egg prices are such that he needs to make his own eggs in his backyard with his own chickens. Play this clip. Okay. And by the way, we eat them all. You have 2, 4, 6, 8. You got nine kids.


Listen, I got plenty bags for the kids, by the way with, with egg prices. Smart. No kidding. Okay, now former right wing extremist TV personality, Monica Crowley, I didn't realize this. She's now an ambassador. She's now Ambassador Crowley under the Trump regime. You go from right wing talk show host to ambassador apparently. And here she talks about how Donald Trump's throwing this military parade. This stuff is like Kim Jong-un style propaganda. Here, watch this. And You have an announcement on how the parade on June 14th will end. Yes. I am proud to announce here on Fox and Friends that the president of the United States is going to honor the US Army.


That he is so committed to rebuilding the army and the military. We've seen record recruitment for the Army. We've seen re restoration of military readiness. And so what the president is going to do at the end of the parade is preside over a live reenlistment of 250 US Army soldiers. It is gonna be an incredibly powerful and symbolic moment for them, for the President and for the US Army and the military writ large. So again, I hope everybody will join us here in Washington on June 14th. Go to America two fifty.org and get your tickets. Again, it's free. And we welcome everybody to join in this massive national celebration.


Man, this is a, a fun job, but It's not. Then you bring on MAGA Republican Senator Tim Scott, who lies that their 300 year olds are getting social security checks. Play this clip. Mr. Senator, how do you see the future of Doge without Musk? Well, first, let's thank Elon Musk for his amazing service to the American people. He has done what no one else has done before. Found hundreds of billions of dollars of cuts and waste, fraud and abuse. No more 300 year olds getting social security checks because of Elon Musk. Thank God that President Trump had the wisdom to put Elon in place. We will make sure that those cuts are permanent in our spending packages going forward.


We need less spending from the American government and more Americans having their own money to make their decisions. Now Big shout out to Jessica Tarla. They host on Fox. When she calls out the Mag Lies, play this clip. That's his thing. If whoever sits in that seat, if you like half agree with him, then he says that he's right. Give up your tax cut and we'll talk about some cost savings. We'll go. I mean, Pete Heinz promised us an audit of the Pentagon there. It's never passed. It's never passed. And they're getting a bigger budget. Well, let's talk about cuts to national's defense. What do you say by anyway? I love cut anyway. Is there bail as within Pentagon? What? Is there waste within the Pentagon? Yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure there's waste everywhere.


But at the moment where you are supposed to be talking about waste, you don't need this massive transfer of wealth to the wealthy. And the 2017 Trump tax cuts actually did have more for the lower classes than this package does. People earning over $50,000, their incomes are going to go down. People earning over, what is it? 4 million for sure. And I think even over two and a half million are going to get a lot more money. How? 'cause of their cut. 'cause of the tax cut. Jessica, I need to say Elon Musk the same if, if that was a Democratic Doge master that showed up with a shiner and there was a report that he did so much ketamine that he couldn't pee straight, you would be leading your show with it.


A hundred percent. Can I bring in Greg here? 'cause He's, and finally we have Jesse Waters freaking out that the New York Times did a story saying that Elon Musk is addicted to ketamine and mushrooms and other drugs play This clip. Now they're accusing him of being a drug addict. There was drug addicts in the last White House and there was cocaine all over the place. They didn't say anything about that when an actual drug act was running the country behind the scenes. I haven't seen any evidence of drugs, but I am suspicious of the black eye. Well, there you have it folks. Thanks for watching that. You see their propaganda style? We call it out here. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.