
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP. For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders Every day.


Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create in The average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity. At comcast corporation.com/wifi,


Your data is like gold to hackers and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. And McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com. Cancel any time terms apply.


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms At one year. Many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem via radio.com.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistant assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra default terms@mintmobile.com


To include 5,000 national guards from Indiana and Texas. That the US we're at the border right now allowing for border security. So there is plenty precedent. The active duty military, Military members, staff Detention centers enforce our southern border. Our US military is not trained in law enforcement roles. I think you know that, right? We've seen how that mission is difficult for them in places like Iraq and Afghanistan because that's not the training a uniform military comes with. Do you support the use of active duty military in supporting detention camps? Senator, Everything we will do would be lawful and under the constitution. But I cognize that this administration has advocated its responsibility. President Trump is gonna restore the order, The border, the spirit of preserving Enemies from.


And yes, he has said, Sir, sir, I get your filibuster. I get it. I get it. A part of what happened in the spirit of preserving the institution that I, that was Democratic Senator Slotkin grilling Pete Hegseth before the Senate Armed Services confirmation hearing regarding Donald Trump's nomination of Pete Hegseth to be the Secretary of Defense. Pete Hegseth has never commanded any significant group of people. He's never led an organization. There have been credible accusations against him of a sexual assault in the past where he signed non-disclosure agreements and entered into a settlement agreement.


There have been credible accusations about him abusing alcohol and doing so in public as well. Let's take you into the hearing. I wanna show you some of the highlights, or I should say the lowlights as it relates to Hegseth here. Democratic Senator Tim Kane talks about some of the allegations against Pete Hegseth. Let's play it Organization. Do you have non-disclosure agreements with either of those organizations? Not that I'm aware of. Senator. Many of your work colleagues have said that you show up for work under the influence of alcohol or drunk. I know you've denied that, but you would agree with me, right? That if that was the case, that would be disqualifying for somebody to be Secretary of Defense.


Senator. Those are all anonymous false claims and the totality, they're they're not. They're not anonymous. The letters on the record here, they're not anonymous on the record. People working. We've seen records with names attached to that for freedom Concerned Vets for America. And Fox News attributed to me, one of your colleagues said, working hard every day. One on behalf one of your colleagues said that you got drunk at an event at a bar and Enchanted kill all Muslims. Another colleague, not anonymous, we have this said that you took coworkers to a strip club. You were drunk, you tried to dance with strippers, you had to be held off the stage and one of your employees in that event filed a sexual harassment charge as a result of it.


Now, I know you denied these things, but I isn't that the kind of behavior that if true would be disqualifying for somebody to be Secretary of Defense? And here, Tim Kain, Senator Kain grills Pete, hes at the drilling down on the fact that this incident that took place at the hotel for which you signed a non-disclosure agreement, you still admitted that you had sexual relations. Did you not here play this clip charges? Well, no. Was fully investigated and I was completely cleared and I'm so grateful you, you, for the marriage. I have to this woman behind me. No. You've admitted that you had sex at that hotel in October, 2017. You said it was consensual. Isn't that correct?


Anything? Yes. You've admitted that it was consensual and you were still married and you just had a child by another woman. Again, how? How do you explain your judgment? Completely false charges against me. You, you fully investigated and I was completely clear. You have admitted that you had sex while you were married to Wife two after you just had fathered a child by wife three. You've admitted that Now, if it had been a sexual assault, that would be disqualifying to be Secretary Defense, wouldn't it? If it was a false claim then and a false claim. Now, if it had been a sexual assault, that would be disqualifying to be Secretary of Defense, wouldn't it? That was a false claim. So you can't just talking about a hypothetical. So you can't tell me whether someone who has committed a sexual assault is disqualified from being Secretary of Defense.


Senator. I know in my instance, and I'm talking about my instance only it was a false claim, but you acknowledged was fully ated, but you acknowledged that you cheated on your wife and that you cheated on the woman who by whom you had just fathered a child. You have admitted that I will allow your words to speak for themselves. You're not retracting that today. That's good. I assume That Democratic Senator Tammy Duckworth asks a very simple question. Do you know any of the nations, Mr. Hegseth that are a part of the ASEAN group, A-S-E-A-N? Do you know any of them? Hegseth gets it wrong. He can't name one country play this clip, not Qualified to that. You could do acquisition and cross servicing agreements, which essentially are security agreements.


You can't even mention that you've done none of those. You talked about the Indo-Pacific a little bit and I'm glad that you mention it all. Mention it. Can you name the importance of at least one of the nations in the Ossian? In Osan and what type of agreement we have with at least one of those nations? And how many nations are in Osan, by the way? I couldn't tell you the exact amount of nations in that, but we have allies in South Korea and Japan and in August with Australia trying to work on submarines with them. Mr. He, none of those countries are Ian Allies across None of those three countries that you've mentioned are in. Ian, I suggest you do a little homework before you prepare for these types of negotiations. Looks another Question here by Senator Duckworth.


Let's play it. I want you to be able to tell me what kind of guidance will be given to those employees. What will happen if, whether or not you passed that audit. Have you led an audit of any organization? Yes or no? I don't want a long answer. Yes or no. Have you led an audit of any organization of which you were in charge Senator? In both of the organizations I ran, we were always completely fiscally responsible money. Yes or no? Did you need An audit? And the way my leadership, yes Or no? Did you lead an audit? Stated yes or no or it's been completely Whatcha Afraid? You can't answer this question. Yes or no? Did you lead an audit? Do you not know this answer or Senator or every part of my leadership of these organizations has Mis misrepresented, represented? I'll take that as a no. What were the findings though? There were no findings.


'cause you've never let an audit. What? Going back to Senator Kane, Democrat, let's play It. False claims were made against me and ultimately your attorney. Those false claims, I had the opportunity to attest my innocence in those false claims. But you didn't reveal any of this to President Trump or the transition team as they were considering you to be nominated for Secretary of Defense. You didn't. You didn't reveal the the action. You didn't reveal the criminal complaint. You didn't reveal the criminal investigation. You didn't reveal the settlement. You didn't reveal the cash payment. Why didn't you inform the commander in chief of the transition team of this very relevant event? Senator, I've appreciated every part of the process with the transition team.


They have been open and honest with me. We've had great conversations between the two of us, and I appreciate the opportunity that President elect Trump is but you but you, you chose not to reveal this, right? 'cause you knew it would hurt your chances. So you chose not to reveal this really important thing to the commander in chief of the transition team because you were worried about your chances rather than trying to be candid with the future president of the United States. Are there any other important facts that you chose not to reveal to the President-elect and his team as they were considering you to be Secretary of Defense? Senator, I sit here before you in open book as everyone who's watched this process with, with multiple non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements, tying the hands of many people who would like to comment to us Here, HEIF does not deny a line of questioning from Senator Blumenthal detailing how Heif ran Veterans Nonprofits into the ground.


Let's play it. You took over the Veterans for Freedom in 2007. In 2008, you raised $8.7 million, but spent more than 9 million creating a deficit. By January, 2009, you told donors that the organization had less than a thousand dollars in the bank and debts of $434,000. By 2010, revenue at the Veterans for Freedom had dropped to about $265,000. In the next year, it had dropped further to $22,000.


You don't dispute these numbers, do you? Senator? I'm extremely proud of the work me and my fellow vets did at AT Vets for Freedom, a bunch of young vets with no political experience.


Today's Episode is brought to you by Ollie Clean, fresh Nutrition. Your dog needs in five incredible flavors. They'll absolutely flip over Finger pup. Real Whole Foods with minimal processing. It's one of the best choices you can make for their health. In fact, studies show that a perfectly portioned fresh food diet can extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who doesn't want more time with their best friend? Let me tell you about my pup mochi. She's a bundle of energy and love, but finding the right food has always been a challenge. Either it's filled with all these questionable fillers or let's face it, she's a very stubborn shihtzu who is very picky about what she eats and has very high standards. But with Ali, that's all changed. Their meals are made in US kitchens with fresh, carefully sourced ingredients and absolutely no harmful fillers or preservatives because Ali gently cooks their food and delivers it fresh. There's no need for shelf life, extending preservatives, just clean, wholesome nutrition. Ollie offers five protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries, and fresh lamb with cranberries. Honestly, every time I open LLI pack, I think, wow, is my dog eating better than I am? And let's be real. She probably is. Here's how it works. You take Ali's 32nd quiz to tell 'em about your dog, their weight, activity level, and health needs. Ollie then uses that info to create a personalized meal plan with expert recommendations. First timers will get a starter box with two weeks worth of meals and a guide transitioning your pup to their new diet. Plus, you can customize your plan with options like a full fresh plan, a topper plan, and even freshly baked recipes. Hey, they've got treats and supplements too. By the way, give your puppy fresh start this new year with Ollie. Head to Ollie dot com slash midas. Tell them all about your dog, and use that code Midas to get 60% off your first box of meals when you subscribe today. And don't worry, Ali offers a clean bowl guarantee on the first box. If you're not completely satisfied, you'll get your money back. That's OLLI e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And use that code Midas for 60% off your first box. Start your dog's New Year off right with Ali.


Here we have Senator Hirono from Hawaii asking Hegseth if he would carry out orders to invade our NATO ally Greenland, which is part of the kingdom of Denmark. And you'll see he does not deny it Here, play this clip. President Elect has attacked our allies in recent weeks, refusing to rule out using military force to take over Greenland and the Panama Canal and the threatening to take to make Canada the 51st state, which you carry out an order from President Trump to seize Greenland, a territory of our NATO ally, Denmark by force.


Or would you comply with an order to take over the Panama Canal? Senator, I will emphasize that President Trump received 77 million votes to be the lawful commander chief of This country, this country. We're not talking about the election. My question is, would you use mil, our military to take over Greenland or an ally of of Denmark? Senator? One of the things that President Trump is so good at is never strategically tipping his hand. And so I would never, in this public forum, give one way or another direct what orders the President would give In any context. That sounds to me that you would contemplate carrying out such an order to basically invade Greenland and take over the Panama Canal.


Another statement question from Senator Hirono Here. Let's play it. In addition to the sexual assault allegations, and by the way, the answer to my second question should have been yes. I have read multiple reports of your regularly being drunk at work, including by people who worked with UF Fox News. Do you know that being drunk at work is prohibited for service members under the UCMJ Senator? Those are yes or no, multiple false anonymous reports, pedald by NBC News. Do you know that Run Directly Contradictory To the dozens of men and women at Fox Channel Contemplated on it who I work with hearing. I'm not hearing the answer to my question and Said that never in Your opening, opening statement, Mr.


Hegseth, you commit to holding leaders accountable at all levels. That includes you, of course. And one of the things that Pete Hegseth would continue to come back on, as he would say, all these accusations, everything is part of a coordinated smear against him. But then also Hegseth would say that he found his savior, Jesus Christ, he would say, and then he's redeemed himself for all of his past troubles. So there's smears, but you also had to redeem yourself for past troubles. It, it doesn't really make much sense, but let's play this clip. And what became very evident to us from the beginning, there was a coordinated smear campaign orchestrated in the media against us that was clear from moment one.


And what we knew is that it wasn't about me. Most of it was about President Donald Trump, who's had to endure the very same thing for much longer amounts of time. And he endured it incred incredibly strong ways. So we Here, hegseth says that the dumbest phrase in the military is that unity is our strength, huh? Here, play this clip. And I'll say it again and 'cause I'm sure it'll be quoted to me at some point. The dumbest phrase in military history is our unity is our strength. No, our shared purpose is our strength. There's another clip from Tim Kane right here where Pete Hegseth is saying, I'm an open book. And then Kane's like, yeah, but with lots of non-disclosure agreements and settlement agreements here play this clip.


Are there any other important facts that you chose not to reveal to the president-elect and his team as they were considering you to be Secretary of Defense? Senator, I sit here before you an open book as everyone who's watched this process with, with multiple non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements, tying the hands of many people who would like to comment to us much. This Was a weird one from MAGA Republican Senator Mark Wayne Mullen, who I guess tried to humanize Pete Heit. But Mark Wayne Mullen, again, MAGA Republican senator, says that he would be in prison if it was not for his wife. Really? You would be in prison Here, play this clip. I've made mistakes. And Jennifer, thank you for loving him through that mistake.


Because the only reason why I'm here and not in prison is because my wife loved me too. We have Democratic senator Mark Kelly, again, who served in the armed forces astronaut fighter pilot who, who was a leader in the military and was a leader of organizations. Here's what he has to say. Let's play it and See you say you've had personal issues in your past. Yet when asked about those very issues, you blame an anonymous S mere campaign. Even when many of these claims are not anonymous, which is it? Have you overcome personal issues or are you the target of a smear campaign?


It can't be both. It's clear to me, to me that you're not being honest with us or the American people because you know the truth would disqualify you from getting the job. And just as concerning as each of these specific disqualifying accusations are what concerns me just as much is the idea of having a Secretary of defense who is not transparent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back my, Here's another clip of Senator Kelly Wright here. Let's play it. Virginia. You needed to be carried out of the event for being intoxicated, Senator Anonymous smears. True, Just true or false.


Very simple. Summer of 2014 in Cleveland, drunk in public with the CVA team, Anonymous smears. I'm just asking for true or false questions. True or false answers. An event in North Carolina, drunk in front of three young female staff members after you had instituted the no alcohol policy and then reversed it. True or false, Anonymous smears, December of 2014 at the CVA Christmas party at the Grand Hyatt at Washington dc you were noticeably intoxicated and had to be carried up to your room. Is that true or false? Anonymous smears. Another time a CVA staffer stated that you passed out in the back of a party bus.


Is that true or false? Anonymous smears. And finally we'll close with another clip from Democratic Senator Slotkin. Let's play Abdicated and ignored for the last four years. That wasn't my question. I'm just asking, have you been involved? You're about to be the Secretary of Defense potentially. Have you been involved in discussions about using the active duty military inside the United States Senator? I am not yet the Secretary of Defense. Right. I'm Just asking if confirmed. I would be party to any number of conversations. But you haven't been in any, in any of these Conversations, which I would not reveal what I have discussed with the president of the United States or not. No. Just have you been in conversations, you're, again, you're gonna be in charge of 3 million people. The active duty that I know you care about, I believe you care about.


So have you been in conversations about using the active duty in any way, whether it's setting up and detention camps, policing dangerous cities? Have you been involved in any of those conversations? Certainly. I have been involved in conversations relating to doing things this administration has not, which is secure the southern border and not allow floods of illegal into our country through an invasion. Okay. There you have it folks. That was the confirmation hearing. Let me know your thoughts and the comments, but I wanted to give you a good summary right there. Thanks for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.