
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in president elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


The MAGA Republicans who went on the weekend shows were just a total utter disaster blowing up on live TV and saying the most ridiculous, dangerous, and outrageous things. For example, you had Peter Navarro, one of Donald Trump's top trade advisors. He was asked, what's your message to the American people about these tariffs? Because people are getting hurt. By the way, this was on Fox and Navarro said, my message is that tariffs are a tax cut, that tariffs are great, that tariffs will make you rich.


All lies. But here's Navarro. How do you know he's lying? He's opening up his mouth. Play this clip. Now You heard Lucas's reporting there where the president says he doesn't care if the prices go up on US cars. So what's the message to the US consumer? The message is that tariffs are tax cuts, tariffs are jobs, tariffs are national security. Tariffs are great for America. Tariffs will make America great again. Folks, I've said it before and let me say it again. A tariff is a literal tax on the consumer. It is passed by the importer onto the consumer, and it is what is causing all of this destruction in our economy right now, which was very easy to predict.


It was going to happen because in the past it was the cause of great depressions. And Donald Trump is now bringing the United States not just into a great recession, but a great depression. So then CNN and other corporate news, they try to bring on the Republicans who pretend to be not maga. You know the Republicans who pretend to be the Normies, but they're actually MAGA through and through. For example, MAGA Republican senator James Langford, he's asked about these tariffs and he knows the destruction the tariffs are causing to the economy And that it's a wrecking ball.


So the way he tries to describe it as he's like, you know when your remodeling your kitchen or you are remodeling your living room, it's kind of like that. It's gonna feel messy at first and perhaps uninhabitable, but we'll get through this. Just like your kitchen being remodeled, Play this clip long Term. I feel like in some ways in the economy, this is kind of like a, a kitchen remodel or a bath remodel. There's a bit of a mess at the beginning, but everybody has a long-term look of where we're headed. It's going to be noisy for a little while, but we all know where we're headed, trying to reduce the prices for Americans and increase jobs. Well, on that note in your book that I mentioned, you write that Americans voted for Donald Trump because they quote decided the nation needed a turnaround election In this past week.


Inflation ticked black back up, stocks went down again. Americans are increasingly pessimistic about the economy, worried about a recession. It's harder to find a job. Is Trump failing to deliver on the kind of turnaround Americans were hoping for that you write about? We are less than three months into the administration at this point. So I Think we've got a ways to go to be able to determine anything related that this is the first, Hey, James Wakeford. I don't think a lot of Americans can relate to even that reference of kitchens being remodeled because most Americans, James can't afford a home right now because of Donald Trump's destructive economic policies.


Donald Trump did promise that he was gonna make things more affordable on day one, that he was gonna drive down prices. Housing would be more affordable. There would be so many jobs we wouldn't know what to do about him. He said there would be no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime. But instead of doing all of these things, he's fighting for $4.5 trillion in tax cuts for the billionaires destroying Medicaid, taking away $880 billion from Medicaid, destroying the Department of Education, destroying Veterans Affairs, engaging in a hostile takeover of the federal government and continuing to fantasize out loud about conquering Canada, Greenland, Panama and other locations.


Now, Howard Lutnick, you know Mr. Sham? Wow, it's a shammy. It's a sham. Wow. Donald Trump's commerce secretary, who literally would not avoid being on like the guy was on media appearance all day every day the past few weeks. Well, he decides not to show up on the weekend running away from the cameras like a pathetic coward right before Trump's Liberation Day, where all these additional tariffs are gonna kick into effect. Here they are on Face the Nation, on CBS saying, we try to invite Howard, but he didn't wanna show Play this clip.


We had hoped to speak to Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick today, but the White House declined our request. We do hope to have him on in the near future to discuss tariffs, our Folk. Next up, we've got a video of Donald Trump's chief economic advisor, Kevin Hassett, who's been wrong about literally every single thing his entire career. This is the guy who said, bye bye bye right before the.com crash. I mean, the guy literally is a counter indicator. You do the opposite of what this guy says, a total fool. But here he is, leading economic policy and here he says, look, I don't really know what we're doing. He goes, he admits it and he goes, I can't give you any forward looking guidance on what's going to happen this week.


Play this clip And, and so President Trump has a long run vision of a golden age of America and we're working really, really hard to get it out there in time, but I can't give you any forward looking guidance on what's gonna happen this week. The president is, has got a heck of a lot of analysis before him, and he's gonna make the right choice, I'm sure. Yeah, that was a direct quote. I can't give you any forward looking guidance. That's literally your job to give forward looking guidance on what's going to happen. Utterly, utterly pathetic. Then, as I said, they try to strut out their normie Republicans who aren't normal at all, their maga, Republican, obsequious, subservient, fascist clowns, no offense to real clowns 'cause it's a real profession.


These are fascist clowns like MAGA Republican representative Jody Arrington and Jody Arrington goes, yeah, this is what we wanted. Disruption. We're gonna get disruption, everybody, disruption in your lives. It's gonna be uncomfortable. But guys, this is what we all voted for. We voted for hardship, right? This is what he literally goes on and says, I'll just show you in his own words, Play this clip. Mr. Chairman, one of the top tariff advisors to the president, Peter Navarro, said this morning that tariffs are tax cuts. Are they? Well, in the long run, I Think having an unfair trade dynamic at the current point is suppressing growth.


It's suppressing wages and suppressing job creation, so it has an adverse impact on our economy. There's no way major to reset the trade dynamic that we've allowed to persist in an unfair way for so long without some disruption. The president's been very transparent about it, and he deployed the same tactics now back in his first administration Successfully. Now, I'd like to show for you, if I can, what some of the Democrats were saying on the weekend shows, for example, democratic Senator Warner, he makes a great point, simple point. He goes, Trump's crazy.


This is a crazy foreign policy. What the hell are they doing? Play this clip On part of America, the going against Denmark, who is a NATO member who rules Greenland. Currently, this whole approach that Trump has of treating our allies, I mean we turn Canada into a, a enemy, are allies as you know, not allies, and suddenly wanting to buddy up with Putin in Russia or with she and China. Think about it, America two weeks ago, three weeks ago, voted with Russia, North Korea, I Think it was Belarus, you know, against everyone else who was a democracy because we wouldn't acknowledge that Putin started the war in Ukraine.


This is a crazy foreign policy, and America is stronger when we have allies. America alone is weaker if we don't have that in intelligence sharing, if we don't have these mutual defense pacs, That Nash, I had Democratic congresswoman and Democratic whip, Catherine Clark on the Midas Touch Show this weekend, and here's what Congresswoman Clark told me about Trump's expansionist policies Play this clip, And my real fear is it is gonna be generations for us to recover our place in this world. Our leadership as a democracy that values the rule of law and this sort of expansion policy, Denmark, Canada, they're now the enemies, the the states that we have to draw a hard line with.


And you know, we elected this strong man who rolls over on his back for Putin abandons, our democratic ally in Ukraine, and we're we're sending the vice president and his wife to a contained base in, in Greenland because the people of Greenland don't want them outside of that base. I mean, what are we doing? Then? You had Democratic Senator Bennett on Meet the press, by the way, at the same time that Donald Trump called into Kristen Welker not on Meet the Press, but Donald Trump talked about that. He's not joking. He wants a third term.


He wants to be a dictator. Just another blip in the Trump regime news cycle that he's not going to leave office. He said he wants to conquer Greenland, he's going to take it one way or another and doesn't rule out military force. Oh, Donald Trump also said that he could care less that prices are going up, doesn't matter to him, and he doesn't even know what signal is. That's what what he told Kristen Welker. Anyway, here's Democratic Senator Bennett Play this clip. Do you believe that directors Ratcliffe and Gabbard were truthful when they testified before your committee? No, I Think they lied repeatedly to our committee and to the house committee. Kristen, let try to make this as simple as I can, and I Think the American people know this.


If this material was not classified, literally nothing that I've ever heard as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee over all these years is classified. I wish I could say that we have deep, dark secrets that are even more classified than this, but it's not true. This targeting information in real time, everybody knows it's classified. And I Think that's why you see the American people, no matter what party they're in, are so deeply concerned about not just what happened, but I Think the lies that are being told about what happened.


Well, As I'm sure you're aware, from the morning to the evening, I'm recording video after video hosting podcast after podcast, and having all of that coffee that you probably see me drink was causing me those coffee jitters, and I needed a change in my routine. So that's why I started trying Mud Water. It's refreshing, it's incredible, and it was just the right touch. As we head into spring, it's right around the corner spring, and it's the perfect time to refresh your routine as I refreshed my routine, shake off those winter blues, and here's an easy change you can make. Ditch the endless cups of coffee for something better. Try mud water, M-U-D-W-T-R. If you're looking to cut out those coffee jitters or avoid the afternoon slump, mud Water is the perfect nourishing drink to help you power through it. It ain't your average cup of gel. With the blend of cacao, chai, turmeric, and adaptogenic mushrooms, it helps you feel more focused without the crash. It's smooth, it's steady, it makes you feel better, smooth and steady. I hope that's what you feel about my reporting here on the Midas Touch podcast. Ready to make the switch to a cleaner energy. Head to mud water.com, MU dwtr.com and grab your starter kit today. Right now, our listeners get an exclusive deal up to 43% off your entire order, plus free shipping and a free rechargeable frother when you use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. That's right, up to 43% off with the code midas@mudwtr.com. After your purchase, they'll ask you how you found them. Please show your support for Midas Touch and let them know we sent you. Keep your energy natural and refreshing all year long with mud water because life's too short for anything less than clean, delicious energy. That's M-U-D-W-T r.com and use the code Midas.


What was Donald Trump doing this weekend, by the way? Well, here's Donald golfing again, spending the whole week and golfing, vacationing on the taxpayer dime. So utterly, utterly pathetic. You know, an interesting interview I did this weekend as well. I hope you enjoyed it. It was an interview with the former ambassador to Japan, the former mayor of Chicago, and the former chief of staff to former President Obama Rah Emanuel. Because I wanted to ask him, do you think that Donald Trump is trying to bring about a recession or a depression? And what Rah Emanuel basically says is, I Think so.


I, I mean, what else is his act? What else are Trump's actions saying other than he actually wants a recession? Because we worked hard to avoid it. Donald Trump's just like, I don't care. You think he actually has a desire for, does he want a recession? I, I don't know why he said it, but, well, first of all, I don't know if he wants it, but I worked for President Obama when we inherited the what's called the Great Recession, and it was this close to going and tipping into a depression. We stopped it, pulled the economy back. I worked for President Clinton who inherited a recession. We worked as an administration. The presidents led them to pull the country out of a recession and to then build an economy That became, in both cases, examples of great growth in job, job creation.


This administration, through their tariffs and chaos, are driving a health, and we just got today, you're asking me today, they showed the report of the economy was doing well and had forward momentum. Tariffs go up 4 0 1 ks go down, peak consumers have pulled back, and the, when the consumers pull back the economy tips over sta straight. And he said, well, there could be a recession. I've never seen anybody be so cavalier with people's own personal economy and, And that economic security for the working middle class of this country. But he said it, I'm using his words, and his treasury secretary is ac They basically, oh, that, that could be the consequence.


I don't know. I worked for two administrations tirelessly that worked every day, 24 hours, seven days a week, 365 days a year to get out of a recession and to build the economy. You have an administration that shrugs their shoulder and says, well, there could be a little pain here. Well, if you have 11 billionaires in your cabinet, what do they know about pain for a family that can't make it to the 31st of the month on their paycheck and is trying to get it to Walmart or to Target, and they are buying less and less and less as noted by the Walmart, Walmart, CEO. This is real economics and I Think one of the things that's missed in the past is those who are doing well, we're actually healthy as consumers.


The rest of the consumers in our society, we're actually living in a recession. Our job is to help them economically, not hurt them. Now again, while all of this is going on, Lara Trump, Donald Trump's daughter-in-law, she's now a host on state regime media known as Fox, and she calls in Doug Bergham, one of Trump's cabinet secretaries, interior cabinet secretary, and here they talk about the things that Americans are really concerned about right now, like the efforts by the Mago Republicans in the House and the Senate to try to get Donald Trump's face on Mount Rushmore.


Here, Play this clip carrier Is in charge of the National Park Service. The National Park Service is in charge of around Mount Rushmore. A lot of people wonder, will we ever see President Trump's face on Mount Rushmore? What do you think? Well, they they certainly have room for it there. They just signed the order last week on July 3rd, 2026. We're gonna have fireworks at Mount Rushmore and we've got a lot of amazing USA two 50 events planned from across the, across the country With a Now, finally, I'd like to share with you these clips. I thought they were quite interesting and illuminating. This is Jeffrey Goldberg, the editor in chief from the Atlantic.


He made his rounds on some of the weekend shows and meet the press particularly, and here Jeffrey Goldberg was asked by Kristin Welker, what do you make of the Trump? You were on these text threads. They, they inadvertently put you on the text message threads. So Jeffrey, what do you make about the Trump regime saying that, you know, all of these dates, locations of where these strikes were gonna take, f eighteens, MQ nines, they're saying it's not classified. So what do you say, Jeffrey, when they say these war plans weren't classified war plans Play this clip. You Believe the information on that group chain was classified?


Well, let me answer it this way. When, when the texts are coming over as I'm watching them unfold, it's 11:44 AM on a Saturday, Pete Hegg said this, promising that, that US war planes are taking off in 30 minutes to bomb enemy targets that we know are protected by anti-aircraft batteries. Okay, so if that's not the most sensitive information, the most secret information in the world, I simply don't know what the meaning of classified or secret or top secret is because American pilots were about to fly into possibly a deadly situation, and the Secretary of Defense is telling everyone on the group chat, which by the way included me that these pilots were about to go into harm's way.


Talking about them going after they come back is a different thing entirely. But letting that information out on a commercial messaging app seems very odd. So I was sort of aghast when I'm, when I'm watching this unfold on my phone. And then finally you have Jeffrey Goldberg on. Mike Waltz, a national security advisor. Jeffrey Goldberg is asked, you know what waltz is saying happened, Jeffrey, Jeffrey is that your phone number was, was sucked in to his signal. Chat sucked in. He says, that's what Mike Walls actually said, sucked in. So Jeffrey Goldberg, editor in chief of Atlantic, where you sucked into this signal chat, watch Jeffrey Goldberg's answer, play the clip.


I'm sure everybody out there has had a contact where you, it was said one person and then a different phone number, but you've never talked to him before. So how's the number on your phone? I mean, I'm not an expert in any of this, but it's just cur, how's the number on your phone? Well, if you have somebody else's contact and then it, and then somehow Oh, sucked in someone sent you that contact contact, it gets sucked in. Jeffrey, what do you make of those explanations? Well, this isn't the matrix. Phone numbers don't just get sucked into other phones. I don't know what he is talking about there. You know, very frequently in journalism, the most obvious explanation is the explanation.


My phone number was in his phone because my phone number is in his phone. He's telling everyone that he is never met me or spoken to me. That's simply not true. I understand why he is doing it, but y you know, this has become a, a somewhat farcical situation. Wow, wow, wow, folks. Yeah, I Think it's so important that I play these clips for you. That's kind of the catchphrase. Play the clip, play the clip because when I was once a trial lawyer, I would show the jury exhibits. I would say, here's what was said, here's the evidence, form your opinions. I have an opinion on my closing argument to the jury. I'd share with them, of course, my opinion and how I wanted the jury to decide, because I have opinions.


I'm human right. But I wanna show you the clips so you could assess this stuff. And I think we do a good job here of including the full context of these clips. I wanna give a shout out to our friends at SnapStream. So one of our editors, his name is Asen. He uses SnapStream to help get those clips. He monitors all the news networks, he gets the clips on SnapStream and in the description below. If you're interested in, in trying out SnapStream and seeing how it works, you, you should, you should check it out. Click the link for SnapStream. Thanks. Thanks to the team at SnapStream, great technology helps us out a well a lot here as well at the Midas Touch Network.


Anybody Anyway, hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.