
A. B C Thursdays, Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just another Doctor My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are, unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C. and Stream on Hulu. Donald. Trump seemed to either lose his script or the teleprompter wasn't working, or he was struggling to read his script at this bizarre press conference in Wisconsin.


So he's like leading O like leaning over and he's unable to even like say the words here, like play this clip And out outsourced. We're going to outsource and outscore other public school districts. So they want to compete against startup by competing against certain public school districts. And I. guess that's a good place to start. Then he talks about what he refers to as a green new scam, and then randomly goes like, ah, it's very weird. You play this clip. The green new scam is one of the greatest ah, most difficult things to be watching. And as we're dealing with the devastating effects of Hurricane Helene Donald.


Trump is saying that climate change is not real. Play the clip Because global warming wasn't working because the planet's actually gotten a little bit cooler recently. But climate change covers everything. It can rain, it can be dry, it can be hot, it can be cold. Climate change, everything is, look, and I'm I, I believe I really am an environmentalist. I've gotten environmental awards, but I want clean, beautiful air and clean beautiful water. That's all crystal clean water. He claims that cartel leaders are now using apps play the clip. These numbers aren't included. Or the app where they have an app that's being used by the cartel leaders, the people that making billions of dollars.


The cartel leaders think of this, call the app and they say Where to drop the illegal migrants. Donald. Trump then says that this hurricane is very unusual and it's very unusual for it to be taking place. Now play this clip Amazingly. This is one of the biggest hurricanes anyone's ever seen. You know, it's late in the season, very unusual I. guess the water. The water was 20 feet high and nobody expects that. People go up to the house and they think they're safe on the second floor and they weren't safe. Well, when you're spreading disinformation about climate change and weather and substituting your own conspiracies for facts, you live in your own echo chamber bubble. Speaking of which, Donald, Trump then says that Germany was facing serious inflation many centuries ago.


Play it about inflation is devastation. Inflation is country busting. It breaks countries. Look at Germany from centuries ago. Look at other countries, whether it's centuries ago or decades ago.


So when we started the Midas Touch Network, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now we're able to bring you the best pro democracy merchandise, and it's so easy, and it's all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million order stage, Shopify's there to help you grow the same way it helped us grow at the Midas Touch network. whether you're selling scented soap sounds good, or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers with the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to the other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI power at All Star. We use Shopify at store dot Midas Touch dot com, and I know you know how seamless that is, and it's completely revolutionized everything we do. It allows us to easily manage our shop, view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products you know and love without Shopify, and we can't speak highly enough about Shopify. Shopify powers, 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs like Midas Touch of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify. So Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Midas. All lowercase, go to Shopify, S-H-O-P-I-F-Y. So go to Shopify dot com slash midas now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in, Shopify dot com slash midas.


Trump then says, vice President Kamala Harris is trying to trap children or trap children in family government. Play the clip. Kamala, the radical left Democrat party, want to keep black and Hispanic children trapped in family government. I mean, I think that's really the reason. It, It's just like a total rambling mess like this. Play it. I think that a state like Iowa and Idaho and Indiana, I think you'd end up, I was looking at him the other night looking at him just from common sense, you know, with a party of common sense. And then I said more than anything else, now with a party of common sense, 'cause that's more important than anything else, it's we don't want men in women's sports.


He then says that we're unable to determine how many people live in the United States. He says China has 1.4 billion. He's making up numbers, and India has 1.5. And he goes, is is the US three 20? You play this clip? No, but we can't even really say, you know, with other countries like China, you say it's 1.4 billion with India, you say it's 1.5 billion. They're big with us. You don't really know what the number is. You say, how many do we have? Is it 320? Is it 3 25? Is it three 50? Nobody knows. If you go to a government agency, say, how many people are in our country? They have no idea. Well, we're gonna have an idea very soon under my leader, Donald Trump then spreads the lie that kids are going into schools and then having their gender changed, play it.


Can you imagine that your child leaves for school and comes home and their gender has been changed? I don't want To get into the details, but it's not even believable without, And Donald Trump is doing this as he's now backed out of a speech with 60 minutes. He's too afraid apparently, to speak with 60 Minutes. And then finally, let me just show you this clip of, of Donald Trump here playing. These People are among the worst in the world. They come from, from the Congo in Africa. Many people from the Congo, I don't know what that is, but they come outta jails in the Congo. You know, they're letting their jail population come into the United States. Their jails are being emptied into the United States.


Their gang members are being taken out of Caracas, Venezuela, and lots of other places, which was a rough city, rough, very dangerous city, and they're being delivered into the United States. They're gang members, and these are tough gang members. You see what's happening in Aurora In there, you have this press conference in Wisconsin. I I, I don't even know what we're, what, what that is. Again, if someone behaved like that in any organization that you were a part of, they would not have their jobs. But this is leader of the Republican Party folks. So just spread the word, spread the news. Let's get the facts out. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.