
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detectors, spots, threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Watching Donald Trump put these spineless Republicans through humiliation. Ritual after humiliation. Ritual is a site to behold. I mean, he breaks these people and for what? He's so utterly weak. They're afraid he's gonna post on social media. I mean, what does he have over them? I mean, oh mean tweet mean post alert. It's like grow up and stand up. But they don't, I mean, here, watch this. You've got the MAGA Republican senator, I wouldn't say he was Mag, but he is now the Senate Republican leader, Senator Thune here. He's asked about Ukraine. Are you concerned that Donald Trump is calling Zelensky a dictator?


And Trump is blaming Ukraine for Russia's unlawful invasion. Senator Thune used to be viewed as like a, a moderate guy, more of a centrist, a quote unquote normal Republican. Not anymore. Watch this word salad of a response he gives here, Play this clip. Get on the same page. You have long supported Ukraine aid to Ukraine. Are you at all concerned about the president's rhetoric blaming Ukraine for starting the war and calling for elections in Ukraine, which is what Glamour Putin is calling For. I, I think what I'm in support of is a, a peaceful outcome and result in Ukraine. And I think right now the administration, the president and his team are working to achieve that.


And I think right now, you gotta give him some space. Honestly, this is something that's wars ground on now for three years. There's been a lot of, a lot of cost, a lot of death, a lot of injury associated with it. And I think it's in everybody's best interest. Ukraine, Russia, Europe, the United States, if they can bring about a peaceful conclusion to the war. And so that's what this is about right now. And I think most of us want to support their efforts as they move in that direction and hopefully to a successful outcome Dictator. You know, then you have your Republicans like your Lisa Murkowski or your Susan Collins, and they're like, I am so shocked and offended.


And then they don't do anything. And then they support trump's chaos and rampage and destruction. This is what Lisa Murkowski said after Donald Trump called President Zelinsky of Ukraine, a dictator. We all heard what Donald Trump said. Murkowski goes, I would like to see the context because I would certainly never refer to President Zelinsky as a dictator, as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski notes the context is that Donald Trump is Putin's little bitch. That's the context. Meow. What context? You want me to play it for you? I'll play you what Donald Trump said.


He'll Play this clip easy, Pretty easy. A dictator without elections, Zelensky better move fast. Or he is not going to have a country left. Gotta move, gotta move fast. 'cause that war's going in the wrong direction. In the meantime, we're successfully negotiating an end to the war with Russia. Something I'll admit that only Trump is gonna be able to do in the Trump administration. We're gonna be able to do it. I think Putin even admitted that You need more context than that. Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins, or are you clutching your pearls? Oh my gosh. Grow a spine. Republicans, what are you doing here? Going back to a Republican senate leader, Senator Thune, he's asked, okay, this is a good question by the reporter.


You talk about saying that agriculture is the lifeblood of your state. South Dakota. Well, the budget guts billions of dollars for farmers. And Donald Trump's doge attacks affected a lot of jobs of farmers. Donald Trump's tariffs are going to hurt the farmers in you. You are selling out your state. Th and he's like, I don't know. What, what are we talking about here? You Play this clip and your Plot is saying that agriculture is the lifeblood of South Dakota, right? Your farmers already struggling, are now facing additional headwinds, including contract freezes, staff firings, including inadvertent ones or accident.


Were ones affecting bird flu responders, and also the interruption of overseas food aid that they depend on. So how does all this make sense? When food prices are, are already through the roof and when support for downsizing, the government could be on the chopping block as the damage, the damage from this purge builds up? Well, look, I think we all know that the administration, the new administration, is giving a very careful scrub to the government, to all the agencies of the government to figure out how we can do things more efficiently and, and, and save money for the American taxpayer.


It's important in doing that, that you don't undermine important services in many cases, as you point out, there are some that affect my state. There are some that affect all of my colleagues states around the country. And we will work with the administration as they move forward to ensure that important services that have to have to deal with health and safety, for example, are protected and preserved. But I think we all understand that this government, federal government, is long in need of the kind of scrub that is being done to figure out how we can do things better. And I'm, I'm, I think most of us support that, that effort and we will, with our individual states, respond to the administration if there are things that we think that need to be addressed that perhaps they're not, that they're not considering as they make some of these decisions.


But at the end of the day, the American people, I think, demanded in the election that we have a, a, a, a smaller, more limited, more efficient federal government that costs less and, and delivers the important services that they expect their government to deliver. Thank you. I mean, look, then you go to MAGA republican, ultra MAGA Republican Senator Tommy Tuberville. I mean, and you don't expect anything from this guy. I mean, this guy's a total clown. And here he goes, look, I just feel bad for what the American people are about to go through. Things are gonna start to get even harder for the American. Why, why are you gonna make it harder things? Were going in the right direction at the end of the Biden administration and, and these republicans constantly keep talking about inflicting the hardship on us, right?


Every day they're like, we need to inflict hardship. Look, we gotta make sure the billionaires are doing good. We gotta, we gotta hurt the working class Americans. Why Play this clip? There's no way some of these places actually received this money. So it's gonna be interesting to watch, but again, I hate it for the American people. They've had to go through this. But again, tough times get hard. President Trump is going to, he's, he's going to expose all this and then after we expose it, we correct it. I think you're onto something with that. That's why I wanted you to elaborate Here.


Muscles are vital for movement and play a key role in supporting the vascular system. The calves often called the second heart, help pump blood against gravity, aiding circulation throughout the body. By using a standing desk and incorporating movement accessories, you are more likely to engage these muscles, promoting improved blood flow and overall health. If you work in front of a desk like I do, you've probably experienced the frustration of sitting for long periods. I seriously thought this would be a lasting problem until I discovered this episode. Sponsor Uplift Desk. Uplift Desk is at the forefront of ergonomic solutions, promoting better posture and health through adjustable standing desks designed to help you live a healthier lifestyle. Plus they offer amazing accessories to keep you moving throughout the day. My personal favorite, the under the desk treadmill, which I have right here. It's a game changer for staying active while I work. Standing while I work, gives me more room to move, which gets my creative juices flowing and helps me stay productive. I'm more focused and I'm more alert and I've noticed I've so much more energy throughout the day. The best part, uplift Desk lets you customize your desk with more than 200,000 configurations to suit your style and needs. Their desk configurator helps you build a complete workstation, including storage, seating, and even wire management. Make this year yours by going to uplift desk.com/midas and using our code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. To get four free accessories free, same day shipping, free returns and industry leading 15 year warranty, covering your entire desk and an extra discount off your entire order. That's up LI ft dsk.com/me IDAs for a special offer only available at our link. Start 2025, right? Stand, move, thrive with Uplift Desk.


Then you have Ted Cruz, go on, Fox and Ted Cruz's version of events is not that. Donald Trump is literally parroting Putin talking points. And Donald Trump is talking about what? Removing troops and American troops in Baltic states and basically collapsing nato. And Donald Trump's talking about what? Just totally capitulating to Russia, letting Russia do anything that Russia wants. But for Ted Cruz, it's Biden's fault. You know, we all know it's Biden's fault. No, not Russia's fault for unlawfully invading Ukraine. They go, it's Biden's fault On, it was clear when President Trump campaigned throughout last year that he was campaigning among other things, on ending the war on Ukraine.


The war on Ukraine was caused by Joe Biden's weakness, his weakness as commander in chief. But I mean, These people Are pathetic. I mean, you go to former Russian president, Dmitri Medvedev statement, he goes, he's quote, he quotes Trump here and he goes, A dictator without elections, Zelinsky better move fast. Or he's not going to have a country left. That was Trump excuse quoting Trump. If you'd have told me just three months ago that these were the words of the US president, I would've laughed out loud. He goes, they're mocking us in Russia. And these spineless Republicans are like, we stand firmly with Ukraine. You don't. If you are allowing Donald Trump to do this, If you are enabling Trump, Trump, then you have over here MAGA Republican Senator Tim Scott, who's literally just making up numbers at this point.


He's like 10 trillion, 2 trillion, 4 trillion, 18 trillion here. Play this clip. And that's why Doge is so important. Whether he finds 500 billion, a trillion dollars, or even aspirationally $2 trillion, that probably multiplies to 10 trillion in private sector activity over a 10 year period of time. Those numbers are real dollars in the pockets of the American people. Thank God Almighty. We have a president who made promises on the campaign show and now he's keeping those promises. Okay, free of good news. All right, for the American people, free at last. Free At last, not quite yet, but we'll see. Thank God Almighty.


Who knows where they are in six months? Who so wild. Then you have the Trump pick as labor secretary. Remember who that like Maga Teamster's head, Sean O'Brien was the guy's name, you know, who, who would give the thumbs up and said, Donald Trump, so great, we love Donald Trump, or whatever. The ridiculous, I mean, throwing the teamsters under the bus. Geez. But here's the labor Secretary Trump's pick refusing to answer, if any American can survive comfortably on a minimum wage that Trump supports. 'cause they refuse to support living wages here, Play this, clip It. I recognize that it hasn't been changed. The the minimum wage, I guess I'm just asking you like, is, do you think that's enough for a worker to live on?


I'm just trying to get a sense of your vision for what the standard of life for an American worker is. Yeah, well, I mean, again, for every state, for every community, again, I mentioned Oregon, what happens in Portland doesn't happen in Grants Pass. It certainly doesn't happen Oregon, I understand that about. But like, I guess I would ask you, what is 7, 7 25 an hour? That is what, in an annual term do you know off the top of your head? Oh, it's not a math question, so I'm just trying to get a sense of, so it's about $15,000 a year. So I, I guess I just wanna ask you, do you think that there is a state in this country where someone can live comfortably on their own for $15,000 a year? Well, I, I, I don't know if there is, but I would look to work with Congress. This is, this is a congressional issue.


I hope I can support you in telling the story of what's happening on the ground. So you, but That's what I'm just trying to get a sense of from you is, is what your vision Is. And I gotta play this. 'cause in my view, this guy's basically maga at this point, Sean O'Brien, the Teamster's president, the damage this guy has done to the teamster's, rank and file one of the greatest bet portrayals, I think in labor history. It's, in my view, one of the most shameful things. You can't see it over there. I have the Teamsters magazine, I love teamsters. I just can't believe that this guy's leading it here. Sean O'Brien goes on, Fox goes on the propaganda network and he downplays Trump's reckless firings of federal workers Play this Clip.


The president came in and he didn't come in subtle, that's for sure. And and there's a a lot of, I've never known him to be, so there's a lot of controversy on that. Look, we don't wanna see anybody get laid off. We don't wanna see anybody losing their jobs, but he thinks he's within his right. There are court proceedings and ultimately the courts are gonna decide whether what he's doing is lawful or not. I know that there is a lot of fat in the government, he's trimming, and I don't think people are opposed to that. And, and, and look, I tell people all the time, let's take a look at the hundred first day and where we're at, at that point in time, right? All of this is taking place. Donald Trump is posting photos of himself wearing crowns saying, long live the king on fake time Magazine covers.


While all of this is going on, you've got another plane crash yesterday, the ninth plane crash, nine plane crashes. I think four were lethal. This one was lethal. Maybe five, nine plane crashes since the Trump administration started. And this one was in Arizona. But folks, you have people like this. MAGA republican from Florida, Ashley Moody, who goes, everybody, the grownups are back in charge. The big boys are back in charge here, Play this clip. So our country was looking more and more like cartel to territories, deadly drugs, gang violence, taking over full apartment complexes.


I mean, it was out of control. Well, guess what? The parents came home. The grownups are back. It is time to take back control of this nation. President Trump said he would do it. He is fulfilling that promise. And those of us that have been in law enforcement and begging for this decisive, aggressive action, it's like Christmas, come early and you know who's gonna pay the cartels and they're, and we're gonna, we're gonna make sure that Americans are put first again, you know, Senator. And then over here you have speaker Mike Johnson, who previously said, one of my promises is we're gonna have single subject legislation. And then Donald Trump said, Nope, I want one big beautiful bill.


And then Mike Johnson was like, we're doing one big beautiful bill. I mean, again, these people, they're not a coequal branch, they're just utterly pathetic. You got Mike Johnson saying this is what he said on January 9th, 2023. He goes, the house GOP instituted the most positive reform in generations. Some highlights, a truly open legislative process. Bills must be about one single subject only. No new votes on a bill without at least 72 hours notice. And then Donald Trump though, sends a post yesterday, February 19th, saying The House and the Senate are doing a spectacular job.


However, unlike Lindsey Graham's version in the Senate, the House resolution implements my full America first agenda. Everything, not just part of it. We need one big beautiful bill. So what does Mike Johnson then say? House Republicans are working to deliver Trump's full agenda, not just a small part of it. Let's get it done. By the way, you know what that agenda is? $880 billion in cuts to Medicaid. $250 billion in cuts to agriculture. $350 billion cuts to education. Nothing about no tax on tips, nothing about no tax on social security. Nothing about no tax on overtime.


$4.5 trillion in tax cuts for the billionaires. For the billionaires. We told you that was gonna happen. It's all the project 2025 agenda screwing over hardworking people. Sad to see, sad to see. We gotta make our voices heard, America, we gotta make our voices heard. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't Get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Work takes up most of your time. That's why you should use stamps.com to save time with your mailing and shipping and have flexibility to focus on more important things. stamps.com can handle all your mailing and shipping needs with rates up to 88% off USPS and UPS at flexibility to your day with stamps.com. Go to stamps.com/program to sign up for a special offer. No contract, cancel anytime. That's stamps.com/program.