
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel any anytime terms apply.


Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still?


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive. So they set out to change that By designing glasses in house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


Ukrainian president Zelinsky just gave an interview with Fox where he addressed the Oval Office meeting where Donald Trump and JD Vance laundered Russian propaganda to attack and yell at Zelinsky in the Oval Office in front of the world Media where Zelinsky held his ground pushed back against Trump and JD Vance and strongly defended Ukraine as well as democracies across the country. Zelensky was asked by Brett Bear of Fox if he would apologize to Donald Trump on camera to which Zelinsky said, no. What am I going to apologize for?


I did not do something bad. Watch this, This fire during all these years, right? 10 years. So I'm not hearing from you, Mr. President, a thought that you owe the president an apology. Now, I respect president and I respect American people. And if, I don't know if I, I think that we have to be very open and very honest, and I'm not sure that we did something bad. I think maybe sometimes some, some, some things we have to discuss out of, out of media with all respect to democracy and to free media. But there are things that where we have to understand the position of Ukraine and Ukrainians, and I think that is the most important thing.


Yes, folks, president Zelensky is standing on business. He talks about how he respects America. He respects the American people, but he's not going to capitulate to Vladimir Putin who's trying to wipe Ukraine off the face of the map here. Brett Bear asks Zelinsky if he thinks his public spat in the Oval Office, that's how they're framing it on Fox would serve Ukrainians. Well, and Zelinsky said, let me just be very clear. Putin is a killer. I'm not going to say nice things about Putin play the Glip. Do you think the public spat in the Oval office in front of the media served Ukrainians?


Well, today, I, I think this kind of, this kind of spat is, is, I mean this, we have, I mean this is is not good for both sides anyway. And I will, I very open, but I can't, you know, change our Ukrainian attitude to Russian and I don't want they, they achilles for us. You know, this is very, very clear that Americans are the best. Our friends, Europeans are the best offerings and Putin with Russian, they're enemies. And it doesn't mean that we don't want peace. We just want to recognize the reality, the Real.


Now, while that was taking place, Donald Trump wanted to hog the media attention and Donald Trump then told the media what would've made him happy is if Zelensky would've said nice things about Putin. Donald Trump says, why is he saying mean things about Putin? He needs to be nicer to Putin. This is what Trump just said Here, play the clip. He's gotta say, I wanna make peace. He doesn't have to stand there and say about Putin this, Putin that and all negative things. He's gotta say, I want to make peace. I don't want to fight a war any longer.


His people are dying. He doesn't Have to. Then Donald Trump attacks Zelinsky while Zelinsky is basically doing this interview on Fox and Donald Trump tries to like mock Zelinsky and Trump's wearing the MAGA hat. This whole thing is just so humiliating for the United States and Donald Trump's like what? He thinks he's a big shot here, play this clip. He Doesn't want to do that. That's fine. Do a better idea. I want it to end immediately. I want a ceasefire now. He said, oh, I don't want a ceasefire. Well, all of a sudden he's a big shot because he has the US on his side. Either we're gonna end it or let him fight it out. And if he fights it out, it's not gonna be pretty because without it, without us, he doesn't win.


It doesn't matter what I'm considering. I'm just telling you, you saw what I saw today that was not a man that wanted to make peace and I'm only interested if he wants to end the blood. Thank you very Much. Back to Zelinsky interview on Fox. Zelinsky says he's thankful for Americans play this clip. President Trump said after your meeting that you disrespected him and the Vice President and all of America in the Oval Office. Do you think you did? And do you think you owe an apology to President Trump? Thank you so much. First of all, thank you for invitation for this dialogue and good evening to all your s to all Americans.


I'm very thankful to, to Americans for all your support. You did a lot. I'm thankful to President Trump and to Congress bipartisan support and I was always very thankful from all our people. You helped us a lot from the very beginning. During three years of full scape innovation, you helped us. How many more times do you want to hear him say that? And before I've heard him say that he was thankful for Donald Trump, even though he shouldn't have to even say that. I've heard him repeatedly make those comments. What did Donald Trump want him to do at the Oval Office? I think Donald Trump said it before, praise Putin, which Zelensky would not do. That's what Trump and JD Vance were trying to bully him to do.


That's what they thought the art of the deal was. When it was really the art of the steal and the shakedown trying to extort Ukraine into some ridiculous rare earth mineral deal when Donald Trump promised that he was going to bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. But what was Trump's plan the whole time to steal the rare earth minerals from Ukraine? What the hell is even going on right now? Here is President Zelinsky saying how he respects the soldiers and the people of Ukraine too much again, to kiss Putin's ring in the Oval Office, play this clip. Do you want to continue fighting? Do you want peace? And if he had the opportunity to go back to the White House right now, would you do it?


No. First of all, we want peace. That's why I'm in the United States. That's why I visited President Trump and thanks for a invitation again, the deal on minerals in the first step to security guarantees. It's meant for the peace, closer to peace. That's why I'm here. And I have, we have tough situation to understand it is to be in Ukraine. You, you saw it Brett, you was once. Thank you again. So I think that's very important to understand what's going on. But I, I respect my soldiers and our people, our civilians who work and support our warriors.


I can't say just stop, nobody will stop because everybody afraid that Putin will come back tomorrow. We want just and lasting piece. It's true. We want security guarantees. We raised this topic about NATO the quickest way, but not all the countries are on this side. I said, okay, if not nato, nobody's pushing. If not nato, let's build NATO in Ukraine. That's my position. Europeans are ready or to have contingence on our third boots on the ground. United States thinks maybe to help maybe USA backstop have to be just to guarantee that they are with Europeans.


Look at Europe, it's strong. It became stronger. But they also want to have allies like the United States. That what I said. I just want to understand what the piece, it's not my question, Brad. This is the question from all our people you Mentioned when I tried then Donald Trump outside saying that Putin needs to, I mean he goes, Putin is is right. And we was saying before or Zelensky needs to stop the fighting with Putin. Here, play this clip. Gonna Keep fighting. You gonna get the war done or let them go and see what happens. Let them fight it out. Gonna step down, call. I want anybody that's going to make peace if he's capable of making peace, which he may or may not be, but I want somebody that's gonna make peace again.


He doesn't have the cards when we sign up. He's got all of the cards. That doesn't mean he can fight. He's gotta stop the fighting, stop the death. He's losing hundreds of thousands of soldiers. It's time to stop the death. Then Donald Trump keeps talking about the cards. You the cards. You can't embolden somebody that doesn't have the cards play this clip. Look, I don't trust or distrust anybody. I just want to get a deal done. And if the deal happens, good, but you can't embolden somebody that does not have the cards. And all of a sudden that person says, oh, well now I can keep fighting. I can. We're not gonna keep fighting.


We're gonna get the war done. Or let them go and see what happens. Let them fight it out. Then you had Ukrainian parliament member right here, Rudick, and he or she talks about the American people don't tell Ukraine who should be their leader or not. Play this clip. Kira, what is your reaction to hearing Republican Senator Lindsey Graham and even others within the administration saying that Zelensky would have to fundamentally change his point of view or potentially step down? With all due respect, in Ukraine, we elect our own presidents and we are known to start revolutions if we think that they are not acting at our best interest.


So it's not up to Russian president or American president or American officials to tell Ukrainian people who should be our president. And here the Ukrainian Parliament member says, we hope Zelinsky knows that he had the full support of the Ukrainian people in Parliament play this clip. But on a personal level, I just really hoped that that when he was in the Oval Office and standing up to President Trump, that he knew un felt that his country is behind him and his people are behind him. Kira Rudick, thank you so much for sharing your perspective. We appreciate you joining us. Thank you and glory to Ukraine.


Here she's again play this clip, grace And Brianna, thank you so much for having me. Well indeed today's very unfortunate day and the positions of President Zelensky and President Trump cannot, cannot be moved closer to each other because President Zelensky is representing the country that is at war. And it seems that President Trump still does not believe that the war is real and it's killing people every single day. And President Zelensky is representing people who are fighting every single day. And he wants to end the war more than anyone else, as all of all of us because it's us being killed every day and every night.


What we didn't hear in all those back and forths again are what the actual security guarantees that Ukraine is gat. If we are signing the deal, we did not hear that. We only heard that President Trump trust Putin and that Putin will be afraid. There is one thing that we need to take as effect. We did not see any single actual thing that would support this belief that Putin one's peace, the attacks on Kyiv, another cities of Ukraine did not stop one day and the battles at the frontline continue. Russia has started the war. They can end the war if they pull their troops and simply stop, stop killing us every single day and return children that they kidnapped and return our prisoners of war.


It doesn't happen. And we did not hear, nor from President Trump, not from his team, of how the security guarantees would be working. And this is the most important. I regret that situation got very emotional, but we did not capitate in 2022 when we were absolutely alone and nobody was behind us. And we'll not capitulate right now when we have been fighting for so long and we have so many European allies and so many people of America supporting us and standing behind us.


Let's talk about genes. You know, those stiff, uncomfortable leg prisons that cost a fortune, squeeze all the wrong places and make bending over a high stakes operation. Yeah, I used to hate jeans too. Then I tried Theperfectjean and let me tell you, I have seen the light. I'm talking about Gene that stretch, genes that move, jeans that don't crush your delicate assets. No more saggy diaper, but no more stiff unforgiving denim. These bad boys are soft as a baby's bottom. I mean, who knew jeans could actually be this comfortable. I can bend, stretch, run errands, breakout dance moves. I have no business attempting. And yeah, I look damn good doing it as well. And here's the best part. These don't cost $200, $150 or even a hundred dollars. The Perfect Jean is just 79 99 and honestly worth every penny. The fit is spot on. They've got sizes for everyone and they actually make me want to wear jeans again. For a limited time, our listeners get 15% off their first order plus free shipping at theperfectjean dot NYC or Google Theperfectjean and use code Midas 15 for 15% off. That's 15% off. For new customers at Theperfectjean, do NYC with promo code Midas 15 M-E-I-D-A-S 15. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you f your khakis and get theperfectjean.


Now let me show you what Donald Trump was saying as well, how the meeting didn't work out. Well, let's play it brown. We had a meeting today, as you know with President Zelinsky and I would say it didn't work out exactly great from his standpoint. I think he very much overplayed his hand. We're looking for peace. We're not looking for somebody that's gonna sign up a strong power and then not make peace because they feel emboldened. And that's what I saw happening. I'm looking for peace. We're not looking to go into a 10 year war and play games. We want beasts More from Zelinsky right here. Let's play it. Yeah. So the question today is, can Ukraine win this war or hold off Russia without continued US support?


It'll be difficult for us. That's why I'm, I'm here. That's why we speak about the future negotiations. It'll be difficult without your support. But we can't lose our values, our people, we can't lose our freedom. So a lot of people, Russians came to our territory, you know it, Russians came to our houses and everybody know, everybody saw it. Video images, a lot of things. They killed so many people just to forget it. Just to say that Putin is great guy. No, without us, we don't want it. That's why, that's why we speak about, you know, everybody remembered how it was the first days of the war, how they came.


Nobody wants in Ukraine. Yes, of course nobody will forget it. But nobody wants to have, again, new wave of occupation. That's why when we say nominator, what security guarantees can we have? I'm not pushing, we are not president, we are just asking. We are just sharing very clear messages to our friends, to Americans, right? If you are, If you stay with us, thank you so much. But let's do, let's do the infrastructure of security guarantees. Let's just share with our people. Just with our people that America stay with us. That's great. We count on it, but just to share it and to say that's all. How does, and by the way, here was Donald Trump several months ago during the election saying that he would bring peace in 24 hours and he would get a deal done.


But it seems the only deal he's been focused on is, is stealing Ukrainian rare earth minerals or material and doing that deal. What the hell is even going on? You're here play this clip. Could End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes I do. How would you do that? I know Zelensky very well. I, I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. I will get the war ended. I'll stop all of those lives from being wasted and lost and there'll be no more bombing of Ukraine. There'll be no more bombing of Russia and everybody will be happy.


It can be negotiated I think within 24 hours. It really has to be done from the office of the President. And you have to get 'em both in a room. And there are things you can say to each one of them, which I won't reveal now, which will guarantee that this war will end immediately Can on that to get itself. I can do it in 24 hours. I know both players and I can do that in 24 hours. But you can only do it from the office of the president. You need that. You need that seat. Yeah, you need what's tailed in that seat. And I would have that done in 24 hours. It wouldn't even be tough. I know what to say to each of them and there's no way they would reject it.


Do this. I will end that war in one day. It'll take 24 hours. I would have a deal done in 24 hours from the time we started and I would tell Zelinsky something and I would tell Putin something and I'd get him into a room and I'd tell him again and again. I would have a deal done very quickly. There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com all 100% USA Union made.