
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by PDS debt, struggling with credit cards, personal loans, medical bills, or collections. It's time to stop worrying about that high interest debt you've got. Piling up PDS debt can help you start saving money immediately. Their platform can analyze your unique situation and create a plan to get you out of debt. There's no minimum credit score required and it takes 30 seconds to get your results with P ds debt. You'll take back control of your finances. Get a free debt analysis in just 30 seconds at pds.com/spotify.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you are into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


President Zelinsky of Ukraine delivered a rude awakening to Donald Trump yesterday from Ukraine's Capital City of Key. Here's what went down yesterday. Mark the three year anniversary of Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine. So the day began with Donald Trump trying to assert his dominance over Ukraine by announcing that he was bringing the United States into an access of evil that was joined by Russia, Belarus, Hungary, and North Korea and all of those nations, including the United States, opposed a United Nations resolution, condemning Russia for its unlawful invasion of Ukraine three years ago.


But President Zelinsky was prepared. President Zelinsky surrounded himself in Kyiv with other world leaders who he invited on that three year anniversary of Russia's unlawful invasion. And President Zelinsky had a plan to checkmate Donald Trump. You see, the European leaders then sent French President, Emmanuel Macron to go to Washington DC to basically called Donald Trump out to his face in front of the world. Media there at the White House French president Emmanuel Macron like shook Donald Trump's hand super hard and then would fact check Donald Trump when Trump would say all of the lies about Putin and say all of the lies about Zelinsky.


So they flanked Donald Trump by sending Emmanuel Macron to the United States. And then you had zelensky flanked by the world leaders in Kyiv in Ukraine, standing up to Vladimir Putin and sending a strong and powerful message. So here is what Zelensky said during this meeting where he's surrounded by the leaders of all, all of these world democracies here play this clip. The war continues against Ukraine and therefore Ukraine must be at the negotiation table along with Europe. VDI Zelensky. The strategic target of Russia is Europe itself, the European way of life, and thus its security.


And Europe's fate cannot be decided without Europe, Ukraine, Europe. Together with America. We need to be at the negotiation table opposite Russia so that the necessity for peace is not talked over again with promises of normalization, reset, or reconciliation. Here's President Zelinsky again. Let's play it. The end of the war must begin with steps that restore trust in the situation itself. Zelensky because there is no trust in Russia and a situation is needed where they talk about ending the war a real situation.


And now a step could be the release of prisoners. Thousands, VDI Zelensky. Thousands of people are being held in Russia and some of them not only from the year 2022, but much earlier since the year 2014. Russia must release Ukrainians. Ukraine is ready for an all for all exchange and this is a fair option. Here's another clip of President Zelensky from that meeting. Let's play it. Pet Chenko Ukraine and many people around the world assert that NATO is currently the simplest, a cheap and reliable way to guarantee peace and calm in Europe. It really is. It is an already ready and effective security guarantee system that has worked for decades and has prevented the outbreak of war even where there is a border between NATO and Russia.


And this is a long, very volatile zelensky, a long border. We must speak honestly. Ukraine deserves not only membership in the European Union, but also the security guarantees provided by nato. And if membership in Nat for Ukraine, VDI zelensky for our people, it'll remain closed. We will have no other choice but to build song. Holy, holy, holy vdi Zelensky not in Ukraine. That is to ensure such financing, such contingence, such defense production, which would mean guaranteed peace. Here's another clip of President Zelensky On February 24th, 2025, three years after the start of Putin's three days special military operation.


Ukraine is alive fighting and our country has more friends in the world than ever before. VDI Zelensky, no one, no v, no one in the world believes Russia's lies about our state. Our people and even those who unfortunately have become accomplices of Russia in the war who lie together with it, they all understand who and why they support. Then President Zelinsky talked about his support for Canada and Prime Minister Trudeau watch this. Tell us How much he likes Canada because that's a i I love Canada and I really appreciate that we have such relations with you Justin, and you helped a lot and a lot of your people helped us at the very beginning of war winning.


By The way, Canada has the largest population of individuals from Ukraine who migrated out of Ukraine. So there is this also very special bond between Canada and Ukraine. Here's what President Zelinsky said about Donald Trump though when he was asked about Trump play this clip, My relationship with President Trump, it's never was in such best way, can you improve it? Can you mend it? You think our countries have strategic relationship and we are partners and I think it's not in our rights like presidents to lose partnership between our countries.


And that's why for me it's very important support of the president and support of Senate Congress, of your two parties. But first of all, support of your people. And I count on it very much and I'm thankful that we have it Now through all of these clips, you'll see Zelensky standing up to Donald Trump and as I mentioned before, you then had the French president, Emmanuel Macron go to the White House and then kind of fact check Donald Trump to his face. Here's an example of that.


Let's play the clip. Will Grant support the US being compensated? I, I support the idea to have Ukraine first being compensated because they are the one who have lose a lot of their fellow citizen and they being destroyed by this attacks. Second, all of those who paid for to be compensated, but not by Ukraine, by Russia because they was the one to address. So you understand Europe is loaning the money to Ukraine. They get their money back. No, in fact, to be, to be frank, we paid, we paid 60% of the total defaults and it was who I like the US loans guarantee grants. And we, we provided real money.


To be clear, we have 230 billion frozen assets in Europe, Russian assets. But this is not as a collateral of a loan because this is not our belonging. So they are frozen. If at the end of the day in the negotiation we'll have with Russia, they're ready to give to give it to us, super. It would be loan at the end of the day and Russia would've paid for that. My, If you My wish believe that it's okay with me, Mr. President if they get their money back, but we don't. And now we do. But you know, that's only fair. Mr. President should be the one that pays everybody back. Are they the address? Well, we're all, we're negotiating everything and everything's on the table and we'll see if we can get some land back and we'll see about a lot of different things.


While that meeting was happening in Kyiv, you had all of these countries in Europe and Canada and Australia elsewhere just announcing these massive aid packages to Ukraine and also saying, there's not going to be a deal unless you allow Europe in these negotiations, unless you allow Ukraine in these negotiations. And we're doubling down and tripling down and quadrupling down whatever it takes. Europe, Canada, elsewhere, they said, we're standing with Ukraine. I want you to watch this as well. This is from the floor of the United States House of Representatives. Here's Congresswoman Ballant saying, I think this was such a powerful speech where she goes, I can't believe what I'm seeing.


You've got Donald Trump and, and a United States president trying to form alliances with like with dictators. What the hell here play this clip. And now the United States stands with Russia and North Korea against Ukraine and all of our allies in Europe. It's sick. We are standing with dictators and against our allies. I never thought I would see the day when our president would be a puppet for a, And then just so you see like French President, Emmanuel Macron like babysitting Donald Trump. Here they are sitting together and you've got Donald Trump talking about like robbing Fort Knox for gold.


Play this clip. We're Actually going to Fort Knox to see if the gold is there. 'cause maybe somebody stole the gold tons of gold, You know, and the United States propaganda machine was flummoxed. They were perplexed. I mean here's Kaylee McEnany, like not even sure, like, she's like, what's, what are my talking points supposed to be? Oh, let's just say this is part of a brilliant negotiating strategy here. Play this clip. There might be some strategy to that. I I do think there's a quote method to the madness. Yep. Of, you know, buttering up a dictator who very much enjoys that to then find some sort of deal that is friendlier on your terms than maybe it would've been. Yes. I think It's not part of a brilliant negotiate strategy.


The brilliant negotiating strategy is what Europe is doing right now. That's, you wanna know four dimensional or five dimensional chess. You send Macron to the United States, have him just swarm Donald Trump. I used to play basketball, you know, a ton. And what you would do is you'd have your best defender, right? Kind of go next to like their person and just like shadow him wherever he would go. So to me that's like Macron by Donald Trump. And then you have your rest of your world leaders surrounded by in Ukraine surrounding Zelensky again showing absolute strength. And you know, like when Donald Trump's saying like, I've spoken, I've spoken to Putin, and Putin says he'll do this.


Here's what Putin's told the press. Putin said Monday that he has not discussed resolving the conflict in Ukraine in detail with Trump. And nor did Russian and American negotiating teams talk about really anything like that when they met in Saudi Arabia last last week. That goes, tells you a lot right there. So here is here, you got Macron and Donald Trump, and here Trump is asked, can you explain your rationale in having the US vote against the UN resolution that Ukraine proposed here play this clip. Can You explain the rationale, sir? In in the us? Yes, go ahead please. Can you explain the rationale of having the US vote against the UN resolution that Ukraine proposed and also Proposed?


I would rather not explain it now, but it's sort of self evident. I think Mr. President here, Donald Trump is asked, so you call Zelensky a dictator. What about Putin? Here play this clip. It's called Zelensky a dictator. Would you use the same words regarding Cruin? I don't use those words lightly. I think that we're gonna see how it all works out. Let's see what happens. I think we have a chance of a really good settlement between various countries and you know, you're talking about Europe and you're talking about Ukraine as part of that whole situation. The other side has a lot of, a lot of support also. So let's see how it all works out.


It might work out. Look, you can never make up lives. The one thing you can't, you can make up the money, but you can't make up the lives. A lot of lives lost, I think probably a lot more lives than people are talking about. It's been a, it's been a rough war, but I think we're close to getting itself right. Question about Doge there. And then finally you have Democratic Senator Bernie Sanders. Here's what he's gotta say, play This clip. I do not want to hear one Republican come to the floor of the Senate and talk about freedom unless that senator has the guts to call out Trump for the lies that he is telling about Putin and the war in Ukraine.


Mr. President, it was Russia that started the war, not Ukraine. It is Putin. Who is the dictator? Not Zelensky. This country must not align itself with Putin and authoritarianism. We must fight for democracy all over the world. The caucuses with the Democrats. I guess technically an independent, but there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. But you see Zelensky standing up, powerful stuff right there. Let me know what you think The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com.


All 100% US a union. Made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.