
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Dr. John Delony, and we'll be answering your calls. And it's a free call anywhere in the country at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. So give us a call. We'll be talking about your life, your money, your relationships, your career, anything and everything. So at first in Dallas, Texas, we have Beth and Margie on the line. Hey ladies, welcome to the show. Thank you so much for having us on. We're really excited to talk to you, for Sure. Is it's Beth that I'm speaking to?


Yes, this is Beth. Okay, perfect. Hold on before we get to it. I like how you did that, Rachel. There's a comedian says, you can just add the word ladies on the end of any sentence to make it weird. You can just be like, I always say it's Ladies, ladies. I know you. You can just say like, Hey, can I, can you, can I run to the, to the store real quick ladies? So Rachel's like, alright, let's go out to the the ladies. To the ladies. Well I saw two of, we never get two callers. I know, I know. Oh. my gosh. Alright, so what's up Beth? Yeah, So. I am calling because I'm the avid listener. And I. Instantly, as soon as my sister told me about her situation, I was like, well, what would Dave do? So my, my sister is getting married in October and she's paying for it herself.


And so she's been planning a lot of it by herself and she eventually hired her wedding planner, but she first off of like secured the venue in the room block on her own in the spring before the wedding planner came into the picture. And Margie's never gotten married before, so she kind of doesn't really know how room blocks work. And so she requested to put 30 rooms for five nights into the room block. And when she talked to the catering manager, the catering manager told her, oh, you can just release the rooms at a certain date, it's, you don't have to worry. And so she was not worried.


And so the sales manager, a different person sent her a contract and it said that they were guaranteed rooms and she signed it. And so now they're saying that she's responsible for like $35,000 because there was an attrition fee clause in it. So only like a small percentage of the guests booked that potential 150 rooms. And so she's getting stuck with the bill and like the wedding's already pretty tight for her. She really just can't even afford that. So I'm just wondering, what would y'all do if you were in her shoes?


Has she called the hotel and asked to void the contract completely. Mar do you wanna answer? Yeah. So I basically spoke with my wedding planner and She spoke not the wedding planner. No. Have you, have you contacted the hotel? 'cause you were the one that signed the contract. Right. I did immediately send the catering manager of sales an email saying that, you know, I, this was way above my means, And I was, you know, told that I was going to essentially be able to let the rooms go as the date got closer. And they said that they would, they've kind of just been giving me the runaround.


So they've said that they'll speak with their supervisor, but at this time they're not allowed to, you know, make any decisions. so what I did get them to do was, you know, I was saying, you know, if I'm gonna be tied to these rooms, then why wouldn't I be allowed to have this room block until the day of the wedding if I'm gonna be responsible for it anyway. So I did get them to extend to September 27th. So I got like a whole nother month to be able to book, but that's pretty much all that they're doing at this point. Are you, are, are, are you in the local area here In Dallas? You mean Like, is the, is the, do you live around the hotel?


No, It's, it's a destination wedding. Okay. Yeah. Since you're on the hook contractually for $35,000, just my experience has been, there's so many. Like I stayed in this beautiful teeny tiny boutique hotel this past like two days ago. Two nights ago in a tiny little town in Pennsylvania. And as I walked in, there was a plaque outside and it said buy Hilton. so what I've come to find is all these hotels are owned by bigger chains that are owned by bigger chains. And some of these are publicly trade. All I have to say is nobody cares. And if I was on the hook contractually for $35,000, I would get on a Southwest flight.


And I would fly to Dallas and meet with somebody face to face 'cause okay. They don't care. And they're holding a piece of paper that has you contractually bound to this And I think until you look at somebody in the eye and say, I don't think you get it. I don't have this money. This person right here told me something different. You sue me, take my I I don't have it. And we have to, we have to come to an agreement here. Y'all can still rent these rooms. You got, you got two months. But I, I think they're going to prey on a, your ignorance and signing a contract, you didn't know what it meant. And they're also gonna prey on the fact that this is just all hearsay, all phone calls, all emails back and forth. Like getting a human being in a room is a totally different proposition.


Where is it? Is it in a different country? No, it's in the US Okay. Yes, in the US it's the southeast. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I would do, I would do that because I think the longer you extend this into September, I mean, which is next month, they're losing out on revenue. They're Gonna have a claim against you. Yeah. I mean, well the, and they're gonna lose out on revenue that of rooms that they could have booked to make like Right. That that will be their argument. And so it gets real, it gets really hard from a legal standpoint when you sign a contract though, that, that, that's the part that's like, oh gosh. Because I mean, you signed it, right? It wasn't that, you know, they forged your signature or identity theft or, you know, some situation.


And even though you didn't know what it meant or that someone verbally said something else, like, none of that really matters in the legal world. What, what is on paper is what is true. So I almost would find the contact that did say that to you verbally and see if you can get something in writing from them just to help the argument that this is what you were told under those assumptions. But the hard thing is, is that if the contract doesn't say that Doesn't matter. Yeah, it doesn't matter. And, and no, no, no lower level employee, unless the, those of the highest character would say, yeah, I said that. Right, right. And they may have said that, and it may have been true and whoever sent you the contract, sent you the one that was gonna be best for them.


Most advantageous for them. And that's the one with your name on it. So. I. I, where I see people go wrong, and I've been guilty of this too, is coming at this like angrily, it's not fair you did this. I think your best play here is to plead mercy. I Right. It's my, I I signed my name on something And I didn't understand. I didn't understand it. Yeah. I'm be, I'm begging you guys for Mercy. I don't have this money. And you'll have two months to, to redo these to, to put these rooms back on the market. Yeah. How many rooms have you sold or has it, has it been used in the block? So basically I'm on the hook for like 150 rooms and I've sold, I believe like 30.


Okay. I'll leave it so much. Yeah. So it's like, and then they, I have to make up to like, Where's the other guests? Where are the other guests staying? Well, so even though it's a destination, like it's a destination for a lot of my relatives, but I've lived here. So it's like, okay, It's, well, here's the other thing you could do. You could just go downtown and say, party at your hotel, say, and you could tell the hotel people that, Hey, if, if, if you're gonna hold me to these rooms, you are not gonna like the characters. I'm gonna come parading through Oh. my Gosh. It's like A threat. You can go down and do like a punk rock show and just be like free hotels. I mean, I honestly, I thi I would do John Doe go, go in person and get the highest level you can and, and plead mercy.


'cause if your signature's on a contract, it's really hard to, to avoid that unless an actual human will do that for you.


This is The Ramsey Show, dying without A will can cost your family thousands of dollars in legal fees and administrative costs. A will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want and it saves your loved ones extra stress at a tough time. So making a will on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com should be your number one thing on your to-do list. And if you need another reason, August is national Make a Will month. You guys creating your will takes just 20 minutes on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com. Heck, you can do it during halftime of the game if you're watching. So you got no excuse. Plus you can make changes to your will for free for up to 180 days until you're completely satisfied. There are a lot of online will companies out there, but with Mama Bear, there are no membership fees, no subscription, and no upselling. The price you see at the beginning is the price you pay. So go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com and save 20% with a promo code Ramsey. And now you really have no excuse not to get it done. That's 20% off at MamaBear Legal Forms dot com with the code. Ramsey,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. One of the events that we do here at Ramsey that's been so fun and very popular sold out is the money and marriage getaway. And It's my favorite thing, John And I. We host this event, we teach at it's a full weekend long event, full experience as well for you and your spouse because yeah, life's hectic and getting time away to, you know, actually work on, talk about be in your marriage actually and working on it is huge. So we launched this event one in October and it sold out very quickly. And so we decided to open up another weekend. So this Valentine's weekend, you guys in 2025, we are hosting the Money and Marriage Getaway here at Ramsey Solutions. So we're gonna talk about how to communicate better, strengthen your emotional connection, get on the same page with money. We do live q and as we hang out with you guys. There's a a few date night experiences like we just, we, we pack the weekend out and so we are so excited about it. So make sure to check it out at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Tickets start at $799 a couple and there's even a few VIP tickets left as well. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events for the money and marriage getaway at Valentine's Day 2025. And I. Think this is a double dip ticket. You can buy this ticket for your spouse for Christmas and then it's on Valentine's weekend. So you get two for one. Like, you don't have to, you Have to get a Valentine's gift. This Yeah, If you're sitting there going, man, I hate having to buy this. You can solve all your problems with one purchase. Do it all There. So good.


All right, I'm next. We have Jeremy in Los Angeles. Hey Jeremy, welcome to The show. Jeremy spoken. What's up dude? Jeremy, are you there? Jeremy? He didn't Like my Pearl Jam song. Yeah, you Doing my, oh there, he's Hey Jeremy. Sorry that John was singing. Sorry that was singing. Oh, it's all good. Thank you man. Thanks for taking my call. I just had a, I wanted your guys' opinion. I didn't really know who to asked, but I'm a big fan of the show. I'm over the road truck driver. And I was, I listen to you guys all the time. So I. Just wanted your guys' opinion about my situation. Awesome. Go for me. Yeah, what, what's up? So basically, yeah, I, a couple years ago I took out a hundred grand personal loans and started a trucking business.


My, you know, my own truck. So I've been, I've been rolling and I had a cool little plan, but it's just real hard to pay everything off with the maintenance and then being on the road, stuff like that. So, I have a, I pay about eight, 8,000 a month right now to just break even and I'm about 80,000 in the hole. So I, try to do the remaining balance and pick and chop off. I have five loans out right now and I've been trying to pay extra, but just with mechanics and trucking and all that maintenance and stuff, I've just been ready to just throw, throw in the towel. And I Sinking you. Yeah. So you bought your own truck? Correct.


And so I've Been running a California and Texas back And, I kind of just go off the market. I dunno if you're familiar with the trucking market, but it's terrible. Yeah. For owner operators right now. It's real bad. Are you doing side side jobs too or are you stuck running the same route? That's the problem. So like I, it takes, so it's the make more money I have to just live on the road, which I didn't really know because I was a company guy for 13 years. Yeah. So, I kind of go. I do, I have a little dedicated lane. I go do it and get home on the weekends, which is, brings me about three grand to 3,500 a week. So, I, try to do that four times and then, you know, chop, chop the debt down. But I'm here almost three years in And I just, it's going really, really slow and I'm just like, I, it's just maintenance is killing me right now.


And then the market is just terrible, Man. I hate that for you brother. Yeah. Have you, So I'm just trying to think about, because I'm sorry what? You were working for someone is what you're saying for three years and how long have you been on your own? Yeah, I've been on my own for three years. I've been working, oh, three years. A big company. Yeah, I big company for about 13 years. And I. Just got tired of corporate America. So, I wanted to try on my own. Yeah. The problem is if I go back to company now, I can't pay my bills. Well let me ask you this, because I bought my truck, How much is your truck worth if you sold it? Yeah. Right. So right now I owe 40,000 on my truck. It's worth about 15 or 20 because I already hit my million miles.


Oh, you did? Right. Okay. So you're making, you're making 12, you're making 12 grand a month is what you said, right? You're bringing in three a Week, like 10 to 12. Yeah, 10 to 12. Your expenses are 8,000. Is that just for the truck? So 4,000 is my, you know, regular personal stuff, family stuff. And then 4,000 for the business. What's your family situation? Are they back in LA while you're traveling? Is that like a wife and kids and all that? Wife home. Okay. Yeah, my wife stays home, takes care of my kids and my daughter and then I get home on the weekend. It's just, it's just stressful man. And, I, just like, man should I keep going little by little or my wife tells me to go hit the road and just stay out there.


But That's, I know personally, no, that's not, that's not a good solution. What, like you said, you got four or five outstanding debts. Rip 'em off for me. What are, what are they? Alright, number one is gonna be my truck, which is 40. Number two is another $30,000 loan because my transmission went out. So that's 70 And. I have a couple small credit cards. 70, is that what you said? Correct. 40 and 30. And then I have a couple small credit cards. Okay. So my plan was to make my 3000 a week and then just pay my, you know, three, three weeks, pay my monthly stuff and then the extra one, just try to chop it away.


But man, the extra one has been going to maintenance. Yeah. And the 30,000 was to, to do a trans, what was the 30,000 did you say? A transmission? The 30, I took another, another little loan run 'cause my transmission went out. Okay. And I just was way upside down with some debt. So that's why I got another 30. So my truck, I'm doing okay. 'cause I, I bought it for 75, I got it down to 40. But like I said, I bought in 22 and the market was great. So as soon as I bought it, like a year later, everything crashed. Yeah. But my fear, my fear is you're, my fear is you're gonna get all this, you, you're gonna take this 70 grand, you owe 30 and 40 on this truck in the, in the transmission And. I'm Due to pay it off.


I'm due to payoff that portion like probably the end of next year. If I keep running hard, I I know. But then you'll be up to 1.4 million miles on this truck. One point. Yeah. 1.2, 1.3. You're Gonna be just in the same situation after Toronto take out another a hundred thousand dollars loan, man. Well, if it's pay, yeah. I mean, honestly Jeremy, if it's, if it's paid off at that point, then I, I would look to, to jump ship you. You gotta get out. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, So I. How so how much, much, how are you making a year, Jeremy? How much are you bringing in a year? So, yeah, so I'm, I'm gonna be making like almost 300 this year. Yeah. And I'm only gonna take home like probably my net will probably be 80 to a hundred. It's crazy.


Why is that? Just maintenance and there's a lot of expenses. The gross for trucking is really high, but your net is just really low. Yeah. Like for example, this week I make 8,000 And I I take call about 3,800 And you have to pay your own gas and all insurance. All that outta that, outta that money. Yeah. I spend two, 2000 a week just off fuel. And I lease onto a company. So. I is there no different routes to, There is other routes, but ha then I, I live on the road and in my head I go crazy after like A couple weeks. Yeah. so what I would do, Jeremy, honestly, because you said by the time, by the end of next year you got, you got about, you got two more, you know, a year and four months to be able to get this paid off and you know.


Right, right. And, I would say, you know, when we talk to people on this show and we're like, you, you gotta do everything. You gotta get side jobs, you're gonna be working nights, you're gonna be working weekends. I mean there is an all in approach and the pro is you're all in approach to make great money is something, you know, and you have a vested interest in because of this asset. So. I mean I would map out with your wife and say, okay, I can't survive a year and four months with this schedule. I can't, I'm gonna, I I'm, I'm gonna implode. So what is a realistic schedule? And that may push the debt out another maybe four or five months for your sanity purposes. But I would sit down and And, I would do a really detailed schedule to say, okay, this is the week here, here's the month I'm traveling, I'm gonna take this week off here.


I'm gonna travel these three. Like, map out what seems realistic. 'cause you're, you're able to bring in good money. And, I get that. It's being sucked down because of, because of the truck. But I think you can pay this off. I mean, when you, when you look at what, what you're actually bringing in And I would tell your wife, like, you know, we gotta be on a tight budget at home. Is She working? She does not. I had her quit to stay home with my daughter. I I think you got probably gotta stop. You're gonna, it's gonna cost your marriage and your relationship with your kid. She's gotta get a job too in this season. So that would accelerate all of this so fast. And then once all this has paid off, then you guys reevaluate what you wanna do with your life. That's right. And you may just get rid of the truck and make five grand on it. Yeah. And go start something else that gives you your life back. Dude, you got the ring and you went for it and you got knocked down.


That's all right. But you can't keep throwing the same punches right now. Thanks Jeremy. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. Emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one and you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with Dr. John Delony. Taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Up next we have Terry in Little Rock, Arkansas. Hey Terry, welcome to the show. Hey, how are you guys doing today? We're doing great. How can we help? I'm doing pretty well. First of all, I'd like to say I'm a huge fan of the show. You guys have have motivated me. I got onto you guys about maybe about three or four years ago, so Awesome. Well thanks. Thanks for listening. Yeah, I've been following the baby steps and everything. So I paid, so my question is, I owe $10,000 on my car.


And I have two credit cards left. One balance is 7,001 is six And I have a tax bill I gotta pay that's like five. Okay. So I'm And I have $14,000 in savings. So I'm trying to decide on, I, I think I want wipe my savings out, but I'm trying to see which direction I should go. should I pay my car off first just to get that out the way? 'cause that'll free up like about 550 bucks a month. Or should I just go ahead and wipe the two remaining car credit cards out? Yeah, well what we teach is paying off the smallest debt first, regardless of payments or interest.


And what we have found it is the most effective way. But first and foremost, lemme just say before we get into that, that if you owe the IRS, that's the very first tax. Even if it's not the lowest in your case it is. But for people listening, if it's not the lowest, it's still the number one priority as you do not wanna owe the IRS So. I would be, yeah, I would be paying that off first and foremost for sure. Okay. Yep. And that leaves you, yeah, with nine, you want a thousand dollars emergency fund, so you'll have eight left. So I would knock out that first credit card, the $6,000 credit card. Okay. Bring your $7,000 credit card down to six and then start chipping that away and then your car.


Okay. Okay. That's what I was trying to decide because I knew I wanted, I was like, I got, because I was so strange, I got to looking over my, my credit report, And, I got to see all of zero because I mean, I I've been zeroing 10 on, on paying, I paid out five cars. Listen to you guys. Yeah. Oh. my gosh. Five cars. What? What makes you have five cars? No, no, cars. Cars, Cars. Oh, you said cars. I was like, Terry, Let's Sell some of these cars. We don't have to pay 'em off. No, No. Heck no. Heck no. I don't want the, I don't like the one that I have Oh. Man, That's so great. Can I just tell you, can we celebrate you for a second? Sure, sure. That's incredible.


It is amazing. Yeah. What's, what's the dollar amount on those five cards? One of them was a 6,000, one of them was 2000, one was 500, one was 4,001 was 3000 man and one was 1200, I believe. Amazing. Gosh. So Terry, were you just for just those of you, everyone listening and watching, I'm just curious context of your life. Was it kind of just like, yeah, I'm gonna just swipe cards here or there and I'm just living my life And you did that for years and years and then you looked up one day and thought I don't wanna keep doing this.


I got, I got what? Well, what happened was I got hooked on the, the balance transfer hamster wheel. Oh, okay. You know, once the 18 months runs out, well I just opened up another one just trans, you know that, which was totally foolish. You were gonna be the one guy that beat the system. Yeah. Yeah. I, And, I found out the hard way, especially when, when the pandemic hit and things, it kind of had slowed up. And then when you look at those payments and you know, once that zero balance, whereas off you get one card that says $187 for the payment and then you make that payment and 150 goes towards the interest and 20 goes towards Yep, that's right.


Yeah. Principal So I just, you know, listening at you guys, I was like, you know, this, this is, this has gotta see And I. You know what's funny is since I paid those amounts, I'm starting to see a little bit more money in my pocket. Yeah, So true. And hey, Yeah. That, that's why You're feeling, you're a perfect example, Terry, of why we teach it the way we teach it. 'cause we get a lot of grief on the internet. 'cause somebody has a 2.9 perc or 3.3 3.0% mortgage and they can put it in a high yield savings account and make 5%. So they make 2% and they call us stupid. 'cause we tell you to pay your house off.


Right. And right. You are getting the psychology part, which I believe in many cases is more important than math, which is you've had five wins and you're starting to come alive. Like now it's starting to be like, I'm done with all this. You see what I'm saying? Like if you had started with a car, you may have got halfway through it and said, forget it man, I've been paying on this thing for five months and whatever. I'm not saying progress. Yeah, but you got the little one and then another little one and then another little one. And now you're, now you're fully in it, man. How, how much do you make a year? Well, I got a couple of side hustles. So total about about 107,000. That's including my, my main job and my side hustles I got going on.


So when you knock this out, you're gonna like, by today, you're gonna be done with the government. We don't ever wanna owe the government money. 'cause they don't, they don't act. Right. And then Right, you're gonna be done with the the $6,000 credit card. You're gonna have a thousand bucks and that's gonna make you nervous. Nervous. But that nervous is good. And then you're gonna owe seven grand plus 10 grand. So you got 17 grand. How silly do you want to get, How silly do I want? I mean I want this, I want this stuff going man. Like, like January one silly. Yeah. I just, Jan, I would like, I would love the board to be gone by January. Okay. I want you to do this. I want you to pay those things off today. And then I want you to sit down with, with the calculator and ask yourself what must be true between now the end of August and January one.


What would I have to do for these last few months to knock out 17 grand? I'll, I'll definitely can I, can I give you guys kudos on something else too. For sure. You guys actually talked me out of doing a cash out refi. No, I'm so glad we talked 'em out of it. Good. No, I'm saying don't even think about it. Good, good. Yeah, you got till I I until I found out the stipulations on it, I was like, because I mean I got a, my mortgage, my financial rate is at pretty much 4.2 right now. So And I got to thinking about like, well I contacted my mortgage company and they got to talk to me about this cash out refi cash.


So you can do that to pay out back And. I found out exactly what it was. And I think I listened to you guys talk about heloc, And I was like, ah, I'm not gonna do that because that'll change my interest rate. My payment will go up higher. Amen. I'm Not gonna So I. Yeah. Well and what's interesting Terry, it's this, it's the same philosophy of what you were doing. Card hopping basically. Right. You'd run out. Well I'm gonna move that balance. Exactly. It's basically the same. You're taking equity out of something else just to move the debt around and you're realizing it's, it's not working Well, Terry, you're amazing. Yeah. So awesome. Proud of you dude. I I mean for real And And I think that this goes to show, which I appreciate you sharing more of your story and where you were at because I mean that, that's normal. I mean this is, this is what we talk about all the time on this show and this is what we see.


And until you make the decision, I'm gonna try something different like Terry did. You're not, you're not gonna get a different result. And he is. I mean he paid off five cards, not cars. I'm glad glad there weren't cars. Yeah. And He'll have two more done today. Yeah. He'll have, Yeah. One more card in the government for Sure. Yeah. And and part of the, that that last credit card. So absolutely incredible. Okay. I I wanna get to another call, but I just need to say this. Everybody think through this, these credit card companies would not all work together to allow you to go 18 months, quote unquote interest free or whatever and just open another one. They wouldn't allow that merry-go-round like he was talking about if they didn't all know they win in the end.


That's right. Very. There is a mother-in-Law out there who's got a spreadsheet who plays this game kind of like Bunko. And she's doing it. She's winning. Fine. It's not you the same as the guys who like to day trade. They love you guys 'cause they'll take your money. And it's just knowing, like I can't, I'm not, I can't beat these multi multi, multi-billion dollar companies. They've got better computers than me. They've got better psychologists working for them. At the end of the day they're gonna win. Yep. So I'm just gonna play this thing straight up and I'm just not gonna, I'm not gonna play their game at all. I'm gonna opt out. Right? Yes, absolutely. It's just look in the mirror like Terry did and saying, alright, you got me. Yeah, you got me. Yeah. I'm gonna do something different now. Yeah.


I can't do it. It's kind of that play with thanks. You're gonna get bit philosophy to a, to a degree. 'cause people are like, well you could pay your credit card off every month, you know, the credit card game even they will Win. But Yeah, to your point, I'm like, they're smarter, you guys. They're richer. So get Out. It's like, it's like me and Instagram and just goes, they're better than me. So, I have to have it on a different phone 'cause they're better than me. They just are. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I in Gonna be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


The question of the day comes from Why Refi The Ramsey Show. This is one of our new sponsors, which we, we love because if you are in default with private student loans, you need to contact Why Refi. And obviously we don't encourage letting your go, your loans go into default. We teach responsibility, but these amounts have some of you struggling and there is a way forward. So Why Refi was created for people in your situation. So go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey may not be available in all states.


Alright. Today's question comes from Justin in Virginia. Justin writes, how can I stop being jealous of how much my siblings and in-laws earn my wife And I have no debt and a really good household income. We're happy in our careers. We're not missing out on anything due to how much we earn. I just can't figure out how to not be so triggered and frustrated by other people's income. Wow. That's a very self-aware question. Question. Very interesting. Yes. Yeah. What do you think, Rachel? Gosh, And, I'm curious how he, I wonder if he knows the actual number of the income or if he is making up a story in his head that they're making a ton 'cause of how they're living.


Gotcha. Because lifestyle and income are obviously two different things. So I'd be curious on that. What's causing you to think that they're earning more? Is it 'cause of how they live their life? And kind of the sucky part is when you live your life responsibly for a season, it's not gonna look flashy. Eventually you'll start to build wealth and you can enjoy it. But there is kind of that season of, of grounding, which is where you guys are. But if you know the number and you're like, oh no, they make half a million or whatever. Crazy a year. I mean I, I've learned John, when moments like that come up for me, and it's not income necessarily, it could be, but I don't, I don't hear people's income a lot, but a situation that they're experiencing, something that I wanna experience as much as I can muster up just celebrating them.


It's amazing how that fades quickly. Where the eyes off are off of me. My eyes are off of me. And you can just be excited for somebody. Yeah. Right. Genuinely, and it doesn't always come easy, I don't think, but when you can just be happy for them and hopefully maybe they're in a great career that's helping other people or something. I don't know that you can find like the silver lining in what they're doing and being excited. But the fact that you're being triggered constantly. I I'm, I'm wondering, you know, your level of contentment is, is obviously not fully baked. Right? Yeah. I've, I have found that I always wanna pull the string that's attached to that story and somewhere in Justin's heart and mind, the dollar amount that you earn every year is attached to value how much you're worth.


Yep. Yep. And somebody told you that somewhere And I found it helpful to get to the, like where did that story come from? Oh, dad used to tell older brother how great he was because he made $6 an hour. I only made $5. Like whatever that story is. Yep. But the other thing is, I think you're right. I think Justin would be pretty cool to out of the blue write your siblings a letter and just say, I just need you to know I'm so proud of you. I see how hard you're working And I. See what an amazing, and instead of when you feel that jealousy, our tendency is to pull away instead of go towards that person to celebrate 'em. And our bodies have a way of, of adjusting for that proximity.


Like we're, we're in support. And it just over time realizes I don't have to, we're not in competition. And, I don't have to fight you. I have a great life. One other quick thing. Often when you are creating a life, I'll say it like this, that is less alive when you are in a, we go to work, we make this much money. That's a great point. We have this couch, we have this house, we have this car. We were supposed to be happy here. It's easy to put your eyes up and start looking for what other people have that you don't. And it often, over the course of my life, when I found myself jealous in certain places, it has often brought me and my wife back to the table to say, what life are we creating for ourselves?


And where do we find excitement and aliveness and adventure and joy in our home? 'cause it's not it I'm starting to look for to other places. Yes. Right. Yep. And it almost always comes back to we've become co-managers of our house. Such a great, that's a good point. And so the stagnant like being stagnant Yeah. In life. And, I think we've gone through season of that, of that. Yeah. You look up and you're like, Oh my gosh, we've just been doing the same thing. And there's not as much laughter or joy. It's lack of ality. That's Right. That's right. But when you say, no, we're putting the phones away, we're doing family game night and we're gonna do this stupid game. That's so silly. But everyone ends up laughing. Right. You just do these things and, and they don't have to be expensive. I mean, gosh, it was last break before the summer though.


I think it was spring. And we took all the kids and we went to a local high school like parking lot randomly with bikes. And they still talk about it. They're like, do you remember we rode bikes at a parking lot? And I was like, you ride bikes all the time. But it was like this, like, I don't know. It was so like, it was so small and insignificant, but to them, right? It brought this like other magic of like this new place or whatever it was for them. But it's those things. And again, it doesn't have to cost money. You have to go, you don't have to go travel to Europe to do that. Like find find it in your home. 'cause gosh, we need it. All of us. Right? All of us. Especially this time of year, election season and everything, we're just like Oh, my gosh. Gimme some levity and enjoyment with, with the people that you love, find Thoses. But but it's recognizing levity and joy for 99% of us is a choice.


Yeah. There are people in abusive situations. Yes. There are people who are deep poverty. Yes. There are people who in are abjectly on the margins. Yes. But for most of us, we go home and we look at our spouse and we choose what happens next. We choose how we respond. We choose our frustration. We choose to not pick up the trash, not put our clothes away. We choose to just watch tv, just sit there on our phones. All of those are choices. And that means we can choose something different. Yep. And I. Love it. So Justin, I I challenge you to sit down with your wife and y'all reimagine your life and you might end up in the exact same space. But the exercise of re-imagining it, what adventures do we wanna create inside of our own home?


Yep. Even for no money. Yep. What does that look like? Totally. It, it can rearrange everything and write your siblings a a letter, a handwritten, that's a good exercise. How freaking proud of them you are. It's so cool. It's Gonna swallow some pride to do that. Right? Yeah. When you're, when you're in a state of, or It opens your heart up and you realize it Does. But but it's, it that takes a, okay. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna celebrate something that is not always fun for me. Right, right. But you start to learn it. So good. All right, up next we have Dan in Eugene, Oregon. Hey Dan, welcome to the show. Hi, Rachel. Hey John. how are you? We're doing great. how are you? I'm, I'm well. Oh. Had a not great Rough number of years. I guess my, my question, my question for you is how do I calculate when I can feasibly retire and or when I can start to plan a second career?


And the, the rough years is I'm about three years into being a widow widower. Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. I have three kids, two of them will go to college. I owe three 80 on my house. And And I sort of as I was sort of looking at as, I don't know, I guess getting our lives back in order over the last number of years. It it, one of the, the Ramsey quotes of why don't they teach us stuff in school is of like, you know, how, how do you even calculate Right.


What, what is the right trajectory? And now that I'm doing it for a loan, one and two is for myself. It's a a, a loan I guess I should say, or as a single person. Sure, Sure. Yep. How old are you, you Dan? I'm 48. 48, okay. Hey Dan, before Rachel's gonna walk you through the numbers of it, can I challenge you on something? Yeah. And this might be a harder exercise than the, the math problem. Sure. But I would love for you to spend some time and unfortunately I don't know that you can do this with anybody other than just taking Dan out on a retreat. But I would love for you to figure out or ask yourself, what do you want it to feel like when you walk in your front door at the age of 55?


Yeah, that's good because I want you to ask yourself, what kinda life do you want to have at 55? Because that's gonna determine the math problem. Yeah. 'cause I think when you get to the numbers really quick, Dan, we only have about 40 seconds So, I'm sorry for the short call. It, it's gonna be looking at what do you have in retirement now? And then averaging out, you know, average returns, 10 to 12%, whatever that looks like. And knowing your lifestyle to, to John's point, how much is it gonna take to run your household at retirements and what is it gonna look like to be able to, to, you know, you have to calculate inflation and all of that. Now if you have not sat down with a smart vests pro, I would do that. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and find one in your area. 'cause I wanna be able, able to see all of your numbers, everything that you have in retirement, including this house and what's gonna be the best bet to get you in a place.


But again, it's, it's lifestyle, it's return on the market and inflation that goes up every year is kind of the determining factors. So thanks for the call. Thanks to everyone in the booth. John, thanks for a great hour. This is The Ramsey Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free, right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next.


So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app Live From the headquarters of at Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friends and bestselling author. Author, excuse me, Dr. John Deloy. Hey, puberty gets us all eventually. Rachel, I I need some water. Hey, Can, can we talk about what we were just talking about? Are we allowed to? No. Let's just say that you can call us at triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll take your calls on life money and all of it. Go. What were we talking about that we're all gonna be okay.


That's What we're talking about. Yeah. James, I don't wanna get you canceled. No, we're not gonna cancel anybody. Here's the thing. There's just a lot of drama in our world today and we just wanna everyone to take a deep breath and say we're all gonna be okay. We are all gonna be okay. Hey, I, yeah, yeah. We were just talking off air. Like there's this this no matter where you go, I know James is, he's got his hand on the dump button. There's this idea that if either one of these candidates, it's the end of the world. Either way. And, I guess. Call me crazy. Like I just, I like we were talking, you And, I travel a lot. We're all over the place. I was just in rural Pennsylvania and then I spent the, the evening in Pittsburgh. I just have more faith in the American people.


Yes. Yeah. I just have faith in people showing up for each other. 'cause I keep seeing it over and over and over and over again. And, I. See it. I have the, not the fortune, the good fortune, but the honor of sitting with people when loved ones die. When the wildest things happen and the number of people who show up and they show up from work and they show up from church and they show up from neighborhoods and they show up all over the place. And, I again. Maybe I'm crazy. I I just don't believe that a single person is gonna take us down. It's gonna take the whole thing down. I believe we're gonna be, I believe in the American people. I just do. Yep. And if you're a person of faith, you know how this whole thing ends. And so you should be the least worried about the drama.


And it just, it's this, I I I dunno, I came back with a totally, it was, it was, I'm glad I went away. I got on an airplane at 4:00 AM this morning. I got up at 4:00 AM And I caught an early flight to get back. I'm glad I was out because it was just one of those reminders that people are good and they show up for each other and there's idiots everywhere and there's bad people. That's, I know that I'm not naive. Yeah. It's, it's the, it's the small percentages on anything in life that get the loudest voice. And we just want all of you to know there's just good people in America and we we're All gonna be okay. Like, take care of your household. Take care of your household. We're all gonna be okay. We Are, we're take care of your household. Okay, up next we're going to Ontario, Canada with, oh gosh, I don't wanna mispronounce Shakib. What's up Shakib? I don't wanna mispronounce your name. Rachel's not good at reading either, brother.


What's up dude? Hey, so how are you guys doing? We're doing great. Welcome to the show. How can we help? So what happened is me and my wife got involved in investing online into crypto. Oh no. How much did You lose? We made money personally. We lost around 80 K. Like we got to about 50 some odd dollars in debt. Thousand like 50. My wife did the number about 58,000 in debt. My dad helped me. My father-in-Law helped me to sell my car. What happened is, when it came time to withdraw the Ethereum, these people started saying, oh you know, you have to pay these fees.


It's a first time withdrawal. And I was like, okay, I'll pay fees, paid it. And then it was another story paid that. And then what ended up happening is that when I was close to getting my withdrawal, they sent me some email from the IRS And. I was like, okay, And I looked at the email and it came from an IRS Gmail account. And I was like, alright, that's obviously messed up. So I contacted the real I-R-S-I-R-S said that, you know, this is a scam. The Thing was a scam. Yeah. Oh man. So sorry. I'm so sorry. Oh man. So when you're 80 K in the hole, if you put 80 k, did you borrow $80,000 from various places to put towards crypto?


And they have to pay that back. Where's this 80,000 lost? So my dad gave me about 20. My father-in-Law gave me about 10. My wife took out 20 5K on her line of credit, she took out five on her credit card. She got a six K loan. I took 14 from a Money Mart loan, which ended up being a payday thing. But I didn't care. 'cause when I, I was thinking about my crypto, I was like, okay, when I get my crypto, I'll pay that back. And then I took a 5K loan on my credit card. So I. Oh, man. So you've got a lot of, you've got some credit cards and some personal loans to pay back, but you also have a lot of shame, right?


Like, you gotta look your father and your father on the eye and say, I lost your money and I'm sorry. Yeah. I mean, my dad's honestly awesome. He, like, when I told him about it, like I told him like, you know, dad, I, this is what happened. And he told me, he's like, honestly, don't worry. These things happen in life. He's like, I'm still here. He's like, oh, I'm still help you. It's a good man, but It's kind. Yeah, but it's How much, much, how much do you and your wife make a year? I'm about 60 and my wife is about the same. Okay. Is that before tax? That's before tax. Okay. And Ontario takes about 85% of That. Yeah. What do you bring? Yeah, what do you bring home a year? Like a month? What, what hits you?


What, what hits your account a month? A month I bring a little under four. Okay. Okay. My wife right now, she's on maternity leave, but she's going back to work now because of the situation. Yeah. And she'll probably be bringing in around, if it's like a good month, maybe around like 36, 37. Okay. Okay. So it'll be yeah, around 7,000. Yeah. I mean I wish I could wave a wand in this. You can go back in time and do things differently. And you know what we, we call around here when we make mistakes that cost us money, you know, a lot of money, small amount of money.


But just when we do stupid things, we call it stupid tax. And, I hate to say it, but I'm like, you got a big, you got a big stupid tax bill. And, I think you kind of just ha you, you have to, you know, understand like Oh, my gosh, you know, you obviously do that. What we did was was stupid, but then you wanna start cleaning up this mess. And so do you guys have any other debt or is it just the crypto Also? We have, my wife has a car loan. So, I. Think there's about like 20 2K left on that. Okay. And then I have my student loans. It's a little over 8,000. Okay. Okay. How much could she, could she sell the car for? Have you Kelly Blue booked it. How Much? How much did I sell my car for?


I Sold it. No, how much could, how much is hers worth? Oh, hers. Yeah. Hers is might be worth maybe 28. Oh no, that's, if I, Oh shoot. You're breaking up. No, you're cutting up on us. Okay, well, well let me say this. If we get you back or not, but I would be selling the car today, I think $22,000 in the middle of, of this mess. I mean that puts you over a hundred grand in debt. Completely. So that car it, it's done. And if you have to take a small loan for the difference, I couldn't tell what you saying He said, I thought I said, he said it was 28 was a 28 That he clear six. Yeah. So then, so then go buy a, go buy a used car and then you, I would start working this snowball effect, the smallest debt first.


And. I would throw your 8,000 and your student loans in there as well. I mean, I would make a full list. And, I. Think, you know, I don't know, there's kind of a silver lining. The fact that some of these are just kind of ankle buyers. 5,000 here, 5,000, 6,000. We talked to a guy last hour who had a bunch of credit card debt. Same kind of idea. Not 'cause of crypto, but he was able to knock it out. And. I think that in that motivation is gonna help you guys knock off these small ones and keep you, keep that ball rolling. And then I would have a conversation with your father, which you did, and Father-in-Law. And just give them a timeline of, Hey, here's where I think I'm gonna pay it back. But outta dignity. Even if your dad forgives it, there's a part of me that I would pay 'em back. And I would say, I took this money and messed up.


And, you know, well, And I think That's was was Dad or Father-in-law investors? Or did you borrow money from him? And I. Think that's might be two different answers there. That's True. That's true. Okay. This is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day, so your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz And. I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I am here with Dr. John Delony and we have a special guest in the studio with us. This segment. Hey, It's one of my heroes, One of the hero, One of my heroes. I love This. Do you hear that? This is, this is, this is making my, my year, John. It is Dr. Arthur Brooks, professor of of practice, of public and nonprofit leadership at the Harvard Kennedy School. I used to think I was smart. And then you spend 30 seconds, then You meet help, and you're like, yeah, no. With Dr. Brooks. And you're like, nah, You're playing Smart John. Hey, but Listen, you, you wrote what, what I think is, if I was to take 10 books of the last 25 years, you wrote this masterpiece from strength to strength.


And you recently wrote a new book with Oprah Winfrey, which is not a bad Co-author. Not bad, Not bad. Called Build the Life. You want just an amazing voice out in the world. You do something very unique. You teach happiness. Yeah. Science and happiness. The Science of happiness, which is exactly right, which is God help us, we need it. Right? Yeah. The world, I mean, it's, you look at the data on the, you know, what's been going on in the United States and around the world. We've been taken down in happiness since about 1990, as a matter of fact, Just freefall. It's, you know, I dedicated my, the rest of my life to lifting people up and bringing them together in bonds of happiness and love using science as a scientist, because that's what the world needs most. Okay. So, I Wanna. know from that scientific perspective. Yeah. 'cause we, we, you can have the motivational quotes, you can have the gratitude journal.


Right, right, right. All this stuff. But for real in science, what are you, what, what, what have you, what have you found? Yeah, because everything you've written about, but like, what are some of the things that you're, you see that's just mind blowing because it has to be where you actually see science and emotion all come together. Yeah, No, it's an, it is an incredible field. My mind is getting blown continuously. I write a column every Thursday in the Atlantic about the science of happiness, and I've done 204 columns and I'm just getting started still learning. There's so, there is so much about it. There's so much to write about it. But when I have, you know, if I get an elevator ride with somebody, they're like, what's the secret? I better have something to say. Here it is. The habits of the happiest people come down to four things. Faith, family, friends, and work serving others. And this, This is not influencer Mabo jumbo.


No, this is, you're a Harvard scientist. Right? This is based on real, this is, this is, this is my behavioral science background. The last 30 years since I got my PhD. Say it again. Faith, family, family, friendship and meaningful work, which means that you're serving others. Okay. That's what it is. So Walk, walk through some of those real quick. So faith, what does that mean? People of faith, is it because there is something higher than them? There's something bigger than them. Yeah. It's not just about them on this earth. Right? There's, yeah. And, and I'm not saying my faith, I'm a Christian. It's the most, literally the most important thing in my life. Yeah. But I will say as a scientist, I won't say who's right, but I will say as a scientist, what you need from faith is something transcended to you. What that means is mother nature will put you in the psychodrama of your life where you're the star. And it's awful because mother nature doesn't care if you're happy.


Yeah. She wants you to focus on me, me, me, me, me all day long. You need to get little and make the universe big. Mm. Now so good. And faith is the single best way to do it. And the more you focus on it and practice it every day. Mm. It doesn't feel natural at first, but I'm telling you, it's the game changer. So Good. That's number one. The higher power. Yeah. number one. Number two is, is family. And people define it differently in different ways. And, and, and John And I know the neurobiology of how Oxytocin lives. Science. You with science Scientist, because we're a bunch of nerds. But it really comes down this, if you're walking away from your family or you're letting anything besides abuse put a schism in your family, you're ruining your happiness and theirs too. Mm. People, one in six Americans is not talking to a family member today because of politics.


It's insanity. And so We're letting all these things completely drive a wedge. We're Letting the media into One of the four pillars of our happiness. For Sure. Politicians want us to do that. The media wants us to do that. Wow. Wow. Look, when you're walking away from your family, somebody's profiting and it's not you. Mm. That's the bottom line. Mm. And no matter how much you think you're winning, it's coming at a cost. You're Losing. Mm. You're losing, you're losing. 'cause it's a bad proposition. Yeah. You're, you're basically, you're, it's the stuff that you guys talk about, but in the ledger of happiness. Yeah. What it comes down to bad investment. Third is friendship. Now we're at a, the lowest point in friendship that we've seen since we've been keeping records. Loneliness is higher than it's ever been in the United States, but we're around people all the time. What's the deal? And the answer is that, that we're mediating our relationships with electronics.


This is a problem. Social media relationships are not real relationships right now. A lot of people, I I deal with a lot of people really, really successful. And they say, I'm so lonely, even though I'm, I'm, I'm with people all day long. And, I say, well, that's a problem that you don't have any real friends. You just have deal friends. You know? And everybody knows the difference between real and deal, but with young people, it's real and virtual. Mm. So social media won't get it done. It just won't, if it's going through a screen, you're not gonna get the brain chemistry that you need. And, and if you Wanna know whether or not you've got enough of this going on, if you're finding that you're feeling lonely despite having a lot of conversations with people, then you're doing the conversations wrong. I was gonna say, because the content of the friendship Yeah.


Is what's key there, right? Yeah. The vulnerability, the honesty being known at a deep level. Yeah. And also the contact, the method of contact, eye contact, touch Of that too. So the in person. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So tell me this, I'm gonna, yeah, It's work, work. Tell myself Myself, I'm gonna tell on myself real quick because I'm curious what you think about this, but, so Marco Polo is an app. It's a video app. And so there's me and three girlfriends, and we keep up, I mean, almost every day, like when I come home from work, I'll, they'll, they'll kind of chime in 'cause we're all over, right? We're not all in the same city. Can we have that same connection if our conversations are, are good and we're knowing what's going on and we're checking in and asking questions and all of that. I mean, I know it's not as fruitful as like a back to back person.


Yeah. So, so, but yeah, go ahead. Tell me about that. Yeah. Oh, say So, I being selfish for a second. Here's kind of, here's what's going on in your brain. Okay. So you have a, a, a, a neuropeptide, a hormone in your brain that's intensely pleasurable called oxytocin. You know, the biggest amount that you get is when you lay eyes on your newborn infant and it's like the 4th of July inside your head. Totally. Yeah. Right Now we have this because we're supposed to be linked to our people, and they're supposed to be linked to us. So when you're lonely, you won't be able to sleep. You won't, it's like things are messed up. You, you feel outta sorts. You're feeling restless all the time. The reason is because you have a deficit of oxytocin and the monkeys on your back. It's like you're a, an addict and can't get what you want, is the way that that works.


Okay. So all of these mediated ways to deal with people. Look, we have a place to see brain. We have caveman brain. I mean, we have not evolved our brains over 250,000 years. Right. We are made to be connected to our kin. 'cause we're, we're built, we're a kin based hierarchical tropical species. Mm. That's what homosapien is right Now. We can, we can, we can, you know, there are all sorts of ways that we can change that. Like invent coats so we don't have to live in tropical places. Right. Right, right. We're still kin based. So interesting. And then we link to each other neurobiologically through this hormone. So in person eye contact, touch that's best. Below that is anything that gets you closer to that particular experience. Zoom is terrible.


Zoom is terrible. There's No, is the Twinkies right? Zoom is like getting, well actually the worst is social media because they're not even there. So is like getting all of your meals through fast food. It's the junk food of social life. Oh yes. That's, you'll become obese and malnourished simultaneously. Okay. So Can I ask one question? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. This has been haunting me. Yeah. And you And I, were talking about this earlier. Yeah. There is data on the psychology of debt. Yes. We, Dave has been talking about this for 30 years. The borrower slave to a lender. Yes. That's from scripture. But there is now like, there's data that suggests we got It. We, we know how money and happiness are related. Okay. We got, we got like a minute. Talk To us.


Okay. Grandma says that money doesn't bring happiness. She's right. But money at low levels can eliminate sources of unhappiness. Unless you spend the money wrong. There's five ways to spend your money. Okay. Buy stuff, buy experiences with the people you love. Buy time and spend it with the people that you love. Give it away and save it. Hmm. It turns out the one thing that your neurobiology wants you to do, which is go buy stuff is the one thing that doesn't buy happiness. Wow. Ah, the other four will. Huh. Now it depends on where you are. If you're actually at the bottom and you're trying to make your way, the thing, the best way that you can actually bring happiness to your life is save your money. 'cause you're making progress. There's, there's a ton of psychology behind this. And by the way, going into debt, especially for consumer, things will reliably make you miserable.


It's, That's not just Dave having fun and being Angry. Yep. This is, this is happening to science. My friends Oh. my gosh. Oh yeah. I, no, it changed my life. And it's, it's helped me to give better advice to people at all different stations in life and different economic circumstances. Because I can say this to people, I can say, look, I got the data on this. And by the way, if you're really, really rich, God bless you. That's wonderful. I'm so happy for you under the circumstances. But that means you have to still spend your money the right way. Getting a fifth Ferrari is not the right thing to do. Right. Experiences, experiences with people that you love. Philanthropy, these are the ways for you to buy your happiness. Don't buy like crap. You're not gonna, You can say it. Say you can Say it and you're not gonna be on your deathbed saying, I wish I'd bought more crap.


That's right. That's right. But you're gonna say, wish. Wish I take an fishing trip With my buddies. I wish I had actually spent more time with the people that I love. And I. Wish I had supported the causes about which I'm passionate. So good. Oh my gosh. Gosh. Doctor, my absolute heroes. Dr. Arthur. Bruce. Yeah. So you guys check out his book, build the Life you want. Thank you so much. Thank you. I wish we had like the whole hour with you. We'll do it again. So thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah, thanks. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey guys. Are you ready for the secret to help you reach those money goals that you've been dreaming about? It's simple. You gotta get on a budget with our budgeting app, EveryDollar, you'll get intentional with your money and build the habits that will make those dreams a reality. And we'll be with you every step of the way.


From your first budget to that retirement home on the beach. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Remember today, download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play Today We do The Ramsey Show Live every day from one to four central time right outside of Nashville, Tennessee in Franklin, Tennessee at our headquarters. And we have a studio on the glass and a area for people to come and watch. So we have some, some audience that comes and hangs out with us and gets coffee and tea and cookies and all the things for free. And also in the lobby we have our debt free stage. And right now Francisco and Brahe are standing on it for good reason.


Welcome you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Alright, so you're debt free. Yes, we are. Incredible. Okay. Where are you guys from? North of Austin at Fort Hood. Okay. Absolutely. Yeah, I got family there in Temple. Oh, nice. Yeah, yeah. Right there in, it's a beautiful part of the country, man. Yes, it Is. Amazing. Okay. How much have you guys paid off? 105,000. Whoa. Gosh. And how long did that take you? 13 months. 13 months. Making what kind of money? So we started out with 84,000 and then by the end of it we were at 96,000 Oh. My gosh. Incredible. Yeah. Incredible. Y'all sell some stuff? Oh yeah. She sold almost like half the house. The kids were definitely next, Which she was like, they're all, it's all going.


It's all going. It's all going. Okay, you guys. so what was the 105,000? So it was 19 credit cards, two car loans, and then two personal loans. Oh, Bad. Yeah. Yeah. Just 19. 19. If there was a credit card for Starbucks, I would have it. So, yeah. So were you the spender or are you the spender? I am the spender, yeah. Yes, yes. So, Which she can't take most of the credit. I would also go like to the little shop ed on base and like buy an energy drink or a slice. A pizza just about every day. Swipe, swipe, swipe Swipe. Yeah. Just go and enjoy it. Yeah. Okay. so what happened 13 months ago that that created this shift, this change to get out of $105,000 in debt?


So I would like to start off by saying that I did 12 years in a service. So. I was, I'm medically retired, a hundred percent disabled and he's still serving. And with two paychecks, we were still not having any money at all. And then with four kids, the we, we would have like $17 left each paycheck. Yeah. And it was kind of like, it was kind of getting outta hand, you know, we couldn't buy our cat food. We couldn't, we could buy stuff, but with credit cards or Afterpay. Yeah. So we kind, kind of got upset, you know, like, what are we doing?


Well the, the, the straw that broke the camel's back was, I wanted a little Japanese K truck and she was like, how are we gonna pay for it? I was like, we could just take out another loan. Like we are good with our payments. Like what's, what's another a hundred dollars? Right? Yeah. And then that's what broke the camel's back. And then my sister-in-Law actually did Dave Ramsey in 2016. And she was supposed to come over to our house and like have a relaxing weekend. But we were like, we need help with this. Oh no, she bootcamp Joel. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, she's always like, talked about it and we always talked about money, you know, we were, we were very open, but we were just not ready because everything was fine. We were making our payments. You know, $17 at the end of the day is fine because we have credit cards.


Mm. So she came over, she sat down and like bootcamp everything. You know, like, Well she's so excited, but she's like, I've been waiting for this day for you guys to be able to come, come and see the light. I don't know if she was excited, but she was so helpful. And like everything, we just, every, every step, like she set us down and she created like our budget. She created everything like, and questions. And when we were hesitant, she was there for us. Yeah. So that definitely like helped us out a lot. Incredible you guys. Yeah. Okay. So you upped your income, you sold half the house, you said? Yeah. Did you guys do anything else? Any extra side hustles or did you cut expenses?


Like what was some of the things that you did that really helped? So We, with the help of my sister, we set a very realistic budget where, you know, I had money for my nail. So I'm like, I don't need money for my nails. She's like, okay, you need to be realistic. Mm. Like hobbies. I'm like, I don't need hobbies eating out. We don't need McDonald's. You know, she's like, you're gonna fail if you don't keep it real. That's good. So the budget helped. Francisco made a sacrifice to deploy so he can get that tax free income. So I was left at home with our beautiful children, but it was a sacrifice we made for our family. Wow. How long were you deployed for? Just three months. It wasn't too long. Yeah, That's long. I mean, that's a lot.


Yeah. That's a lot. Yeah. That's three months, man. I Was like, that's, I felt it. Three months. Yeah. You did. Yeah. And well he was gone. I was going, I was, I'm a full-time college student. Well he was gone. I was like, what can I do to, you know, make more money? So I was selling the entire house. Even if it's a dollar, it was a dollar towards debt. Like EveryDollar counts. And then I kind of started picking up pet waste and cutting people's grass. Gosh. So I would like drop off the kids at school and then put the baby on my back and just kind Like No, you would and you would go and mow lawns. Yeah. Mow lawns and pick up pet waste. And we would, dude, you Are ruining and 70 to a hundred million people's lives right now.


'cause they're sitting home going, I don't have time to do that. I can't do that. So I actually have a pretty really cool picture of her. She has our daughter baby wearing her in front while breastfeeding her while weed eating while I mowing there. There is no excuses. Yeah, no excuse. There was no excuse for us not to get outta of Debt. You're the most gangster person I've ever met in my life. She Is. And she has two sleeves of tattoos that, for those of you that can't see, like, she really is, she really is. Like Francisco. You just gotta know, like if you ever cross her, they're not gonna find your body. Yeah. She listens to crime junkies Too. So. I'm, I know. She, I'm sure I know. I can feel it through the glass. So we were very, I'm very passionate when I get going into things, And I like to go all the way In. Really.


I can tell. I was like, honey, when you come home, you have like a day and a half to get used to the, the new time zone. And then I need you to go mow lawns, you know? Yeah. So, I will say that we never had any, well, we're shortly gonna celebrate our 11 years of being married. Mm. And we never argued about money until we were arguing about the speed that we wanted to go. And I was like, everything's on fire. We need to pay this off now. Like, we can't eat. He's like, honey, we were eating before. Like, what are you worried about? So, you know, we, we would fight a lot in the beginning. Well not fight. It was like argue. We would argue because of like, you know, I wanted to be so intense that he's like, just sit down dude.


Like it's fine. You know, and I'm, you have a new baby. It's not, yeah. Yeah. So, you know, we prayed and we just kept Our You did it. Communication And well and the, and the beautiful thing is, you know, it's 13 months, right? Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and this isn't 13 years of your life. Yeah. Living like this. It was 13 months and you did it and you got out. Right. You got out of debt. So, I, Wanna know. How does it feel to today being right here with us completely debt free versus where you were 13, 14, 15 months ago? What's the difference? It it's unreal. Honestly, there's like really no stress at all whatsoever. 'cause I mean, now what do we have? Just a phone bill, internet, like that's it.


Like what Do we do with all this money? Yeah. We have so much. Like we don't know what to do with it now. So we are actually going to go talk to our Ramsey investor next Tuesday. Yeah. So yeah, like we're gonna start putting our money to work for us and So Good. Are y'all gonna do anything fun with all the kids and everything? So unfortunately he's leaving for Japan for three years in Thursday. So we're just trying to stack money up. So in case we get denied to go as a family, I can just pack our stuff, pack the kids and get on a plane. Oh. my gosh, y'all may be going. Yeah, y'all may be, y'all have a big transition coming out. Yeah. So We're saving, this is, this is the least Of your, I feel like of your life. You're going to Japan for three years.


Is that for mil for job military? Yeah. Yes ma'am. But can we say this, y'all put in the work for 13 months and now you can literally pack up and move across the world to stay together as a family. If you want to. You could do whatever you want. 'cause nobody owns your family anymore. Yeah. Literally. So they could medically, they could say, no, we don't have, you know, the needs for your family. And I could be like, okay, well I'm just gonna go to Japan. And, I Up all that. Oh my gosh. Like, I'm not worried Tattoos about money. That's right. So actually, so you, Y'all, y'all are incredible. I don't wanna, I wanna make sure we get your, your debt free screen 'cause you have all your kids. So bring them up. What are the ages and names? So we have Leah, who's nine? We have Ethan who's eight, Sebastian, who's five? Victoria's two. And this is my mentor, my sensei, my sister Helen.


Amazing. Oh, you guys, you're incredible. All right. We have Francisco and Brahe from Fort Foot, Fort Hood, Texas. There you go. That paid off $105,000 in 13 months making 84,000 to 96,000. You guys count it down. Let's hear your debt free scream. 3, 3, 2, 1. We're debt free. Amazing. Oh, That is how it's done. No more excuses in America. That's incredible. Sorry. They ruined it for you. No more excuses. If you want to, you can


Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We are taking your calls at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Some incredible, incredible people. I feel like this hour from Dr. Arthur Brooks. I mean Dr. Brooks, one of my heroes. Two To the most amazing debt-free scream of, of a lady mowing lawns with a baby carrier in front of her. I mean y'all, I mean, just amazing. This is the, this is the hope that we have in America, right? I'm telling you. I think we're gonna be all right. It it is so great. All let's go to the calls. We got Jay in Nashville. Hey Jay, welcome to the show. Hey, how are you guys doing? We are doing great.


How can we help? Yes. I wanted to tell You'all first off, thank y'all. Listen to y'all first thing in the morning. I get up early, So I, get my workout in and listen to you all while I'm working out on my, on the podcast. That's Awesome. Thank you. So it's, it's helped me to kind of get started. Hey Jay, do a Jay do a favor. Can you talk directly into the phone? I'm kind of deaf. Yes. I I'll speak up a little bit louder, a little bit better. Perfect, perfect, perfect. There you go. Yes, yes. So I'll give y'all kind of a quick rundown and I'll try to make this fast. I got married about seven years ago and when my wife moved to where I was, we kinda had a little bit of misfortune.


I knew she, she makes more money than me, but when she moved, she didn't get a job that maintained that, that that income. And she took a couple losses. And during that time I was covering everything. And also I went from a a, a bachelor with a, with my son to a, a married man with a father. All of a sudden I got a family of six. And so when she lost a job and you know, maybe switched to a job that wasn't making as much, I still was trying to cover everything, make sure my family didn't to beat So. I kind of made some bad choices, some desperate choices. And it put me in a bad position to where we, we, we got to arguing over money. I, my family members have done Dave Ramsey And I was trying to get into that as well.


But when you're doing Dave Ramsey and your significant others not doing it, it still makes it for a battle. And I was just going while I'm trying to, I I'm, I'm already a chief and ous guy, like I'm cheap, cheap, cheap. But when I'm trying to be cheap, cheap, cheap and do this, and then I have right And I, She's not doing it with you. Hard. Yeah. So how can we help today, Jay? What's, what's the big, what's the big problem? I mean, besides, obviously are you, if you guys aren't working out together, but you trying to, to do this plan to, to get outta of debt. Well, I, I'm doing, I'm doing the, the plan myself because actually I'm going through a separation and oh Sorry I'm, oh, it's no problem.


So I'm trying to handle all my bad choices that I made and by myself and I'm okay with that. But the thing is, I only make before taxes, I think like four or five. By the time all my deductions come out, I'm barely seeing 18. I got 1,150 in bills, just rent, electric water, phone. Having you add in groceries, what Do you, what do you do for a living? Not, I'm in the education I teach. Okay. And how much you make in a year, did you say? Before taxes, before all my and insurance stuff comes out, I make like my check stub today says 4 592.


By the time it hits my account, it's 1700. What are they deducting Now? Yeah. What, what, what is, what's going on? Did you get a big tax refund back in April? No, no, no. I do not. Let me tell you, I I'm looking at the, the, the check stub right now. And, I have, I have Oh man, I have insurance coming out. I have Medicare coming out. I have social security coming out. I have retirement coming out. I have a vision plan coming out and up two on some of these vision on the insurance. It's for me and my daughter. It's from just me and my daughter.


And then I also have a disability, a life insurance policy and a life insurance policy on my, you know, nothing major on my, on my baby just gets from happy. I still barrel And of course I'm not wishing that on anything. But, but Hold on that, that it feels Like this. two two five 6 1 67 2 84. 2 0 7. Okay. so what, what I want you do Add For the insurance, is this a whole life policy or a term life? The life insurance that I'm gonna have to go back and read. Okay. That 'cause if it's whole life, it's gonna be pretty expensive. Don't So how much are you paying in, in life insurance A month?


Let me see. One is one a month, one for the baby, for the, for baby girl. It is $27 for mine. I wanna say it's, lemme see retirement is, I wanna, I can't tell. No, it's okay. What? It's because they're all the American Fidelity. Okay, so, so what I want you to do, Jay, so a couple of things. number one, she does not need life insurance. So you got sold some Gerber whole life kid whole life. The reason you need life insurance is if someone is dependent upon your income and as to a t dollar wise of you needing every single penny, we need to cut out things that are going out that are, that you just don't need necessarily.


Right? So that $27 for her, I would drop that policy today. If you have a whole life policy, I want you to look into that. 'cause it can be very expensive month to month and see if you can switch to a term life, which is gonna be a probably a fourth of the price. So that's a possibly some, some savings there. Stop retirement. I want you to pause retirement, Jay, that'll be money back in. Even things like vision insurance, like even our company, we don't, we don't cover it. And you could pay outta pocket if you needed to unless you guys have some kind of situation that you absolutely needed it. But that's money being saved for right now. So those are a couple of places, paycheck wise that I want you to look at. And then I also do wanna make sure that you're not getting more taken out. That if you're getting a big refund that there's some withholdings there that possibly you could adjust.


So again, it's digging into some of those numbers and looking because going from 4,500 a month to 1700 a month, yeah. There's something's not right. Something something's off there. So, And they may not let you not do retirement. Sometimes teacher programs don't let you opt out if you're in the, They won't let me if it's like A pension kind of thing. Yeah. If you're in Tennessee pension, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Go ahead. Yeah, if you're in the, if you're in some sort of teacher retirement program, they may not let you opt out. Here's what, what's your all in total for how much you owe Student loans? All in total? 7, 2 4. See around about, I'm hitting it right under a hundred thousand.


Okay, So here's the Loans credit card and some loans. This is me talking to you as a former educator, I was a high school teacher. I've taught elementary school, I taught college. I I I love teachers and I'm in your world, okay? And you're my Yes sir. You're in my neighborhood. Like we live in the same town. Okay? What you have yes, sir, is not a passion problem. You don't have a heart problem, you have a math problem and you don't make enough money doing the thing that you love that I probably believe you were put on earth to do, which is to serve your local community and love and love those students and teach 'em And I. Think you're either gonna have to do one of two things, do that job and immediately get off of work and go get a second job and say for the next 18 months I'm gonna not see my daughter very much, which breaks my heart for you, but it might be where you're at.


Yeah. Or you're gonna have to really start looking at getting another job where you can double or triple your income. And luckily you're in Nashville where there's a lot of people needing work, but that means you're gonna have to walk away from the job that you hold dear. But you got a math problem and you, you can't get ahead making, you couldn't get ahead making $4,000 much, much less. Only bringing home 1700 bucks a month. Yeah. Because at that point you can't even eat what he said. He is like after my bill, after my rent and everything. So, right. Yeah, you, you do have to make a Jurassic change, which again, changing jobs and changing housing, I think are the two biggest changes people make Massive that It's hard, right?


It's heart refuse. So like, so we're asking you to do one of those. So it's, we don't say that lightly and John doesn't say that lightly, but to his point, did you have to be able to, to support your daughter and you wanna be able to get out of this? So whether that yeah. Is changing your full-time career possibly, or just adding on getting A second job. Yep. Adding on, and Jay, hang on the line here. I'm going to give you a, a free coaching session with one of our Ramsey financial coaches and they're here in Nashville here in Franklin, right down the street from Nashville. But they can go through some of these budget numbers 'cause at some, somewhere down the line, you're getting taken to the cleaners, you're taking way too much out of your check. Yeah, I have somebody Look at that. But I want someone to sit down with you in your budget personal and we'll pay for it. So hang on the line here.


Absolutely. All Right. We believe in you brother. Absolutely. If you guys are listening on Radio stick around the next hour is coming up. But if you are on podcast or YouTube, go over to The Ramsey Network app. You can download it for free to get the last hour there. So just go to the Apple store or Google Play wherever you have your apps. And search The, Ramsey, Network app. Thanks everyone in the booth. Thanks John for a great hour. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.