
Hey, it's George here with my friend and co-host Rachel Cruz. You're probably used to hearing our voices on The Ramsey Show, but did you know that we're also co-hosts of another show? That's right. Every week we're dropping episodes with Unfiltered Talk about Money Pop Culture, and more on Smart Money Happy Hour. And today we're sharing a special Black Friday edition episode of Smart Money Happy Hour right here for Ramsey Show listeners, we're Gonna be diving into some of the biggest holiday spending traps and sharing our top tips to stay out of debt while still enjoying the season. So if You're ready to make Smart Money moves and avoid that financial holiday hangover, tune in. Okay, here's the episode. Hey guys, I'm Rachel Cruz.


I'm George Kamel. And this is Smart, smart Money Money. Happy hour. Happy hour. Cheers, George. Cheers. Oh, so refreshing. I'm thankful for this week. Let's just be thankful all around. Well, this is the show where two friends who happen to be money experts talk about what you're talking about. So everything from pop culture, current events and money. And today we're talking about the gift of gifts. We're leaning into the holiday cheer. So great because today, George, right now, if you are watching when this episode releases, it is Thanksgiving. And we're not with our families. We're here for you. That's how much we care about you guys.


and I hope you're with people that you love, doing things that you love. Maybe you're in a car, maybe you're avoiding family. I don't know. Yeah, maybe they're traveling. Traveling to grandmother's house down the highway. This thing, This little red Riding hood. No, no. And you're like listening to us while the kids like are watching something in the back. thank you. Or maybe you're up in a bedroom at your in-laws trying to just get away from the craziness and you just need a little, a little lighthearted cheer. And you have turned us on. We're gonna Bring that Either way. Happy Thanksgiving. I love Thanksgiving. Do you? I'm a fan. There's something that, that's a, I don't know, that's not dramatic. It's not stressful. Christmas feels a little more stressful because We're about to get into Christmas and we're gonna talk about gift giving.


Yeah. In this episode. So we have you covered, don't you Worry, you're not calling like a whole bunch of gifts. You're just like bringing something to the dinner maybe. Yeah, like a bottle of wine. A good, some food. Just a good meal. So what are we sipping on George, as we're talking About this? Speaking of wine, this is a mocktail. Ah, it's called a Red. Sans. Gria. You like the pun there? Sands. Love it. So there's no alcohol in this, but if you, this is a great one to make on Thanksgiving, honestly. Yeah. So if you need a drink tonight, you're gonna get the recipe in the show notes and the rating and the cost per glass at the end of the episode. So delicious. Okay. George is Thanksgiving. So what is one thing you're thankful for Recently? I think my daughter is the most recent thing I'm grateful for.


Aw. And watching Whitney be the most amazing mom. I tell her all the time. She's great. I'm like, you have, I tell Mia, I'm like, you have the most amazing mom who cares about you so much. So sweet. Every decision has so much thought and I'm, yeah. I'm grateful for 'em as a package. Package deal. Yeah. Package my girls. Your family. Oh, your girls. I love it. How about you. I'll, I'll be the same vein I think family. Yeah. The kids Winston are like little nuclear family. Extended family is great too. Love y'all. I Never heard the nuclear. That's, I never hear it spoken like that. Oh. Just like our little nuclear family. Like our little, they're still little. The little Winston cruise is still right there. They're precious. They're precious. Yeah. But I would say that, you know, it's a, it's a big deal.


It's things that you take for granted sometimes the day to day. That's why like Thanksgiving kind of causes you to pause and be like, man, Do you guys go around the table and do like a Here's what I'm we do with the Ramseys. Yeah. Wow. And talk about what we're grateful for. That's Really nice. Yeah. That's like a sharing tradition. And we're headed to Boston for the holidays. Oh yeah. To be with my family. So that'll be nice. Hauling a one year old's A great place to be. Thanksgiving. It's very historical. It Is Around that time, like that's How it's, it's been said. Boston is a very historical place. It's, and it'll be a nice, chilly New England fall vibe. So good. Another thing I'm grateful for, especially this year, is when people actually know how to give gifts that aren't a complete waste of money.


Oh yes. and I know that sounds ungrateful, but I just, I'm tired of just stuff for the sake of stuff. Yep. If you're gonna do a gift, make it thoughtful. But also I don't wanna have to read your mind. Yeah. So we're going to help these people today, everyone listening and watching Because Black Friday is tomorrow and these shopping starts if, if it's not already done, it's getting completed probably in the next week or two. And yeah, we're gonna help you out because gifts are fun. Are you a great gift giver? Is that like a strength of your No, I'm great at, if you tell me what you want, I will find you the best deal on that gift. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Under budget for sure. So that is my spiritual gift. Love that. It's not the thing, it's getting the deal on the things that you don't get screwed. What a gift that, that's a gift.


Which I think is a gift. That's a gift that keeps on giving Resourcefulness, You know? And I'm not a great gift giver either. and I wish I was. 'cause people that are, and they get you that thing, they're like, well you said this, you know, like three months ago. and I just thought, oh, one Of Andre of you're like, oh my gosh. You mentioned it in conversation. Yes. and I picked up on it. Yes. I wish I was better at that, but I'm not. Yeah, I'm not. What's like the best gift you've ever received? Oh my goodness. That's a big question. I think childhood comes to mind. 'cause as an adult there's less, I don't know. There's less excitement around opening a gift. Yeah. It's like, cool. I could have bought this, but thank you for buying it. Sure. As a kid, the, the two best things I ever got were an electric guitar. Yep. And a video camera. So I think it was like fourth grade and fifth grade.


Oh, that's fun. Those really like shaped who I am. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I was a musician and I started bands and I was in film and I wanted to go into film. I still love video. Yeah. I'm on video today. So those were the most formative gifts that meant the most. That's and probably were not cheap. Like I'm thinking back, I'm like to buy a kid. Back then it was like $700 for a video camera. Sure. Totally. and I was just like, I Want it. I want a video camera. Yeah. How about you. I remember getting a boombox. Yes. That was a big deal. 'cause I had a CD player and a cassette tape and it was like, call all in one and you could just pick it up with the handle and I would carry it to the The bathroom with Radio. Yeah. I had radio. We were Recording songs from the radio onto The cassette. Oh yeah. You didn't play and record at the same time.


And it was great. We got a puppy for Christmas one year. Oh, That's fun. When you were kids or as adults. Yeah, when we were kids. That's Fun. Yeah. And it's come full circle. Came in the box And all These, you have puppies at your home right now? I do. And actually this week they're going off to their homes. I know how sweet. I know. We got, we had six puppies and they are now all across the country. Now you're giving the gift. I am. You're getting paid for it. but it still, what a gift it is. What A gift it Is to bring home a puppy. I know. Yep. Okay. So George, there's all these different types of gifts that we can give. And so again, I think it's important to help all of you out there have gifts that like are are practical. 'cause when we're adults, you know, there's the sentimental gifts.


Winston's a good gift giver. He he'll do like jewelry. Like I got another wedding band for last anniversary. Like, there's like sweet gifts that mean a lot. But there's also the practical gifts that can go a long way with people. And you have different people in your life that value different things, are interested in different things. And we're gonna be here for the people. George, we're Gonna curate the best gift list you've ever seen in your entire life. All right. For free. And we each have our own under these lists. Sorry. And are you Ready? You can tell whose gift is who? If we just told you what they are. Are you ready? We got the Wine and Cocktail Lovers. So there is a Cocktail shaker and I will give Courtney the cheese gal credit because I follow her.


And there is a Cocktail shaker. Yep. That thank you. Does not freeze your hands. It's like a thermal. Thermal. Got it. There's like a protective covering. 'cause we have a Cocktail shaker. When you shake it so much with ice, you're like, your hands get, they're frozen because It's just a straight up metal shaker. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. That's right. For stainless steel. Yes. But this has like a protective covering over it so your hands never get cold. Do you know what type of shaker you have? Is it like the Boston Shaker that has two pieces that you sort of stick on top diagonally a little bit? No. Or is it that has a top and a lid and a Stainer? No, it's a top lid. Yep. But the top is also a measuring. Yes. Which is great too. So two in one, it's fantastic.


Do you know the brand? I'll link it. I'll link it down below. Oh, that's right. We should tell the people we're gonna link all of These. Yeah, we'll link all of it. So check it out. It's a Scour. It's a internet. A Great one. If, you have a wine or a cocktail. This One I think is very thoughtful and I've given this gift to cocktail lovers in my life. And that is a Vintage cocktail book. Oh, that's fun. So you can go on eBay and search for like 1950s or Vintage cocktail book or a secondhand bookstore. Sometimes we'll have these and there's something about like a classic Vintage cocktail book and making a drink out of that that transports you. Yeah. I think that's what a good drink does. and I think the old timey drinks are so cool. Yes. Like the speakeasy days. Yeah. Even like the fonts were cool. Everything was just like Classy. I know. Wouldn't you go back to like what, the thirties, twenties?


Yeah. So Fun. So that's a thoughtful gift. That's not your standard. I'm gonna go buy a cocktail book on Amazon. So good. All right, next is for the People Who Love to Cook in your life. My favorite cooking utensil and I use it probably twice a week. It is a meat grinder. It's actually, I think a pampered chef, but I'm sure there's like an Amazon dupe. But the way it is, it's like a spatula, but it's up and it has these like grooves in it. But you, you spin it in your ground beef and it makes the finest. Like Taco Bell. Fine. Whoa. Ground beef. Which is what? So you're recreating Taco Bell meat at home. It's What we're going for people. But with real meat. It is what we're going for with real meat. How cool is that? But it makes it really thin. 'cause when I do spaghetti sauce or tacos or chili or all that, I don't like chunky chunks of meat.


Like I'm not a meatball fan, You know? Oh, I didn't know that about you. Yeah, I don't Need like a chunk of meat. I gotta cancel the gift. I got you. I need A meatball maker. A meatball maker. Yep. So this finally grounds your ground beef. And it is fantastic. Not expensive. It's Wonderful. Can I ask a dumb question? Sure. Why do you like burgers? Isn't that just a meatball That has been flattened. You know what? That is true George Fair. But I actually like my burgers more thin. I don't like, like A smash patty. Yes. Smash burgers all day. I don't like, like mom and dad when they cook burgers at their house, it's like really thick and I don't like that. I don't like the, like it's like a ball of meat.


Wow. On a burger. And it just, it doesn't work. So you gotta push your thumb in. I've learned that trick. You know, it kind of spreads it Out so it's not too high on the top and round. Yeah. Okay. Dave and Sharon's high. Wow. Just like a, it's like A ball. Well, hey Dave and Sharon, if you're listening, I just wanna say you need to, I'll be happy to show up and eat your delicious burger instead of Rachel. Who's ungrateful? Eat the burgers. I know. So, no, I don't like it. Like I don't like when it's thick like that. Okay. It's not good. So thin. All right. Thin. Thin. So maybe I like McDonald's. Just thin, Thin, low quality. That's what Rachel's here for. That's What I'm here for. Wispy my gift for People. Who Love to Cook. A high quality Citrus squeezer. Underrated. Oh Good one. Because most people have these dinky citrus squeezers they've had forever.


and I got one, I believe it was on Amazon. It has like a metal extra piece and you get 20% extra juice. Wow. And so I like to get the most outta my citrus A hundred percent. So this is a great gift. If you're still squeezing lime with your like arthritis ridden hands, it's time to upgrade. Okay. Where do you get yours? Is it like on Amazon? Like an Amazon? Yeah. Mine was from Amazon. Okay. But I remember the, the selling point was up to 20% more juice and I was like, you had me. You got me. Yeah. Got me on that investment. And most people, they don't have a good one. And that's what makes it a great gift. Yes. That's fair. That's fair. All right, next is for the Tech and Gadget. Lovers out there. One of my favorite things, George, is a wireless phone charger. Oh. Where you just put it on the back of the phone?


Yeah. I have it on my nights. No wire. Now I will say there may been a total, There's still a wire involved, but it, it's Not, it's fine. It is plugged, connected to your phone, not connected to your phone. You just lay it on top. But you gotta wait for the green to light up. 'cause there have maybe like 10 times where you think it's charging and it's not. And that's a bummer. So you do have to like watch for it. My beef with those is, you can't have a phone case that is blocking the back. I have a phone case. What does yours look like? But that's not blocking like If. you have a wallet on the back or something like that? Oh Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yours is clean. Yep. You just set it right there and it, yeah. And wow, it's so great. So great. Well my gift is tied to that for the tech lovers out there. Okay. And that's an extended phone charger. So we're talking like a six footer Now. That is nice. You can get these cheap on Amazon.


You get a pack of 'em. They even have like a 12 if you really need a long, if this is going around a couch or something, yeah, you can get 'em even longer. But I think it's, we live in a world where, why are you reaching over To use your phone? Yeah, that's fair. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Life's too short to be rocking the like three foot iPhone cable. Yeah, We don't need to Do that. I went home, I saw my dad's iPhone cable. All of the metal was showing from inside the wi, like all of the, Oh no. Yeah. Upgrade Mr. Campbell. Yeah. Like the rubber was like all coming off and I went, dude, you need, you need a better cable. So at that Christmas I got them upgraded iPhone cables. That's A great deal. It's one of those things you're just like, I'm not gonna go get new iPhone cables. It's working. It's fine. I'm like, why are you risking getting electrocuted over this? Yeah. Life is too short. That's good.


There we go. I like that one, George. All right, next is for your kids. Okay. So this was a gift. Both of my girls got at different times and they, they just love it so much. It's so funny to me. And it's so cheap. Like you can get a really cheap one on Amazon, but it's a kid digital camera. And so how does that work? I, it's just like this like little cheap digital camera and, and it's terrible quality. I mean like, you could barely see it, but it has like a unicorn case on it. I mean it's just like this cheap little thing. But they wear it around their neck and they'll like literally wear it out. It's A lanyard and Like they think it's so cool to take pictures and like have a screen probably. 'cause they don't have like phones and stuff, but they just, they loved it.


And it's like 20 bucks. But yeah. So If you have like a, a older Kid. How do you get the photos? I don't even forgive my ignorance. I don't Even think you do. I mean I think it's just the fact that they Don't know. They don't, they don't get to see The photos. I, there's a card. I'm sure there's some like An SD card. SD USI was gonna say A-U-S-P-S card. Nope. Not A-U-S-P-S. Oh, whatever that card is in there. I'm sure you can take it out. But they don't even want the pictures. It's just the idea that they get to like have this instant gratification of their own. Like, oh, I get to take a picture and it shows up on they Not to be artists and creative and Have some fun. Yeah, it's, yeah. And they think it's like so fun. I like that one. Yeah, it's good. It's cheap. But yeah, it's fun. I go with a timeless gift for kids and I blocks.


This depends on age. This is not for a 2-year-old, but as they get older, there's something about a crisp $20 bill that just you protect it here can make cash. Yes. George, let's get a little bit more crazy that And as they get older, can I tell you, one of my uncles would always give me a $50 bill and it's so rare, even back then that I would see a $50 bill. Yeah. So it was like life changing to me. Both the amount of money and just seeing the bill. I protected that thing with all my life. Where is it now? And That's the most memorable I spent it. Yeah, But you Did probably on a Game boy or something back then. Totally. But You know, you can do this in different ways or you can put it in the piggy bank or the college fund or whatever. But I like this one. It's crab Pleaser. Well, speaking of just caption money for teens.


Oh you know, the big thing is gas gift cards. So as we get to driving age. Yep. And so that's what I've heard from a lot of people because No one, one wants to spend money on gas. So it's a nice blessing to be like, Hey, I don't have to think about it. It's not coming outta my bank account. That's A good one, right? That's right. and I mean gift cards are a great one for teens. 'cause you know, that's really what they want. Amazon Target, wherever their favorite store is. Starbucks. I don't know where they get coffee these days. These kids out Here. These kids out here getting Their MOA lattes. All right. Parents and grandparents. Ooh, this one's tougher. You know what's a good one? Is a thorough gun. Thorough gun. Thera Gun. Thera Gun. The Massage gun. That's like, Yes.


Yeah. I've got one of those. I never use it, but I need to. 'cause I, I pulled a muscle on my shoulder sleeping last night as one Goes. They're great. And my parents love 'em. So like it's a good, it's a good grandparent gift. Yeah. And you could, there's a range of, of, you know, budgetary options here. You can get the cheaper one on Amazon. You can spring for the nicer one. Yeah, that's A big one. Anything from from Brookstone. Remember Brookstone, that story. Yep. A massage chair. Has anyone, did you know anyone that owns one of those actual massage chairs? Like in their house? No. I was at someone's house once. It was like a re like a friend of a relative and they had like a, like one of those $4,000 massage chairs. That's a really nice ones. And I was like, I get it. This is that Luxury. That's pretty cool. That's Very cool. What we did get from my mom is like the foot, you put your feet in it. Like you can have water and it's almost foot massager type thing.


Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. So she appreciated that. There go. That was a good one. See those are good. The new one is the neck fans. The like the cooling neck fan thing. Have you seen people Wear these? Oh yes. They were Melo Sport. Oh, Kelly's a fan. Yeah. You love it. You've Seen my like Disney World and the summertime of the games and all that. Do they work? They really do. Yeah. At first I Was, they keeps you cool. It just kind of like, I wasn't Sold on it. It's like, this is kind of cheesy, but it was when it was so hot over 4th of July weekend and we were doing the whole firework thing and man love it. Wow. Fantastic. I wanna try it. But truthfully they just look dorky and I'm not like, it's not like I'm too cool for it. I just, I feel like I just get made fun of if I wore One. There's a certain look when you wear a neck fan, if I Wore one into the office, I'd never hear the end of it. No, you wouldn't.


You gotta do an outdoor events. George. thank you. Wish you don't go to many of those, but it's good. All right. So when you are married your Spouse, you guys do Christmas gifts. We Decided, I think pretty soon into our marriage that we were not gonna get Christmas gifts for each other. It was already a stressful time, a lot going on. So we decided to just say no to that. Same Here. Yeah. We don't do really? Yeah, we don't do Christmas gifts either. What do you Get gifts for each other? Like what are the occasions? Anniversary? Is it Birthday? Yeah. Anniversary will do stuff. Birthday every now and then. But we're not e neither of us are like really big gift people. Yeah. We stopped anniversary too, for the most part. We decided we'd rather have an experience together. Yes. Like a really nice meal versus like, I bought her a thing or jewelry.


Totally. And so birthdays are the only one that we really go. I got, I wanna get her something fun and sweet. Yep. I did get Winston early on. Gosh, I think this was before kids Gavin DeGraw tickets. Wow. Is that his favorite artist? He does love Gavin. The piano part of Gavin. He's very talented. Yes. Yeah. What is the other part of Gavin? I don't, I don't know. I just, just Loves, he likes the piano. Who he smashes the ivory there. And it was, and it is fun when you know there's something that they would love and you surprise them with it. It's like that's a fun, that's a fun gesture for sure. Yes. So the surprise element is still fun. And I feel like the, we are leaning toward experiences more than stuff these days. Yes. So a concert for an artist, they love Love it.


That's A good one. I, but you can get creative. I mean, and the experience is, you know, you can do like a pickleball lesson or a pasta making class. Like there's, or A cocktail making class that's a new One. That would be fun. Yes. But to do something together I think is always exciting Like that And like subscription boxes or like a Coffee subscription where they get a new local bag or whatever it means. Yes. You know, your level of connection actually does go up when you have a shared experience together. Oh, Dr. Less Parrot. When we used Remember used to do Money and marriage together, he would talk about that. That studies show from like even you know, brain activity when you're doing something with someone. That's why on The Bachelor, you know That show they always do something wild. They do crazy. They have like Bunge Jump, like bungee jump jumping. There It is. Yes. Did you say that too? Yeah. Jinx.


You want me to Coke? You want me Coke. But they do this like crazy shared experience together and it bonds them. What's the craziest thing like experience you and Winston have done that you feel like was bonding? Oh, that's a great question. We've like hiked. I'm trying to think if we've done like a, like a really high thing. Like the heights thing is always like a Ooh. Oh, you're both a little, Yeah. Leery of heights. Don't Care for the heights. Geez. George, I'm not sure you, You guys, well I can think of one for you. You guys went to Seattle to see Taylor Swift. Oh yeah. That's not scary though. No, But I feel like that's a bonding experience. Oh Totally. I drank Him Winston wearing the T Swift. He enjoyed it more than you did secretly. Yeah, he was, he was, he was confused half the time of like what is happening around here.


but it was so fun. Well the fans are the confusing. You're like what? They're on something. Oh, it's like a whole other experience. It's a spiritual experience for them. Yes. Oh, for sure. For sure. So much. So, so much. All right. The next one, which I think is always a fun one. It's like the White Elephant gift. Ooh, I love these. This is just like the random kind of like less expensive. What's the thing that you Love? If I could do this for all Christmases, for all families, I would, I think it would just relieve the pressure. Everyone would be under budget. 'cause we're not all everyone buying a gift for every single person. And what do you want? Yes, Wells. The $200. I'm tired of that for sure. I love the idea of the the White Elephant Dirty Santa gift swab. So fun. Okay, so what I would buy is a Milk frother.


Oh that's a good one. I know it's about 10 Bucks. Yeah. To get a Milk frother. My kids use it to like make chocolate milk. Like they'll like put chocolate syrup and milk and they'll do that. Winston uses it for like milk for coffee and all of that. It's, it's just a great little gadget to have. Just, I use it all the time. and I use it for my new thing is instant coffee. Wait, Keurig. No. Trader Joe's has an instant coffee. So it's ground coffee. Is that, it's instant. All you do is mix it with water or milk. and I used a little frother and it foams up really nicely. Georgia Nicely. I feel like that's like below you. I thought so too. But I found a recipe that makes it bougie where you add some brown sugar in there with the, and coffee and it's delicious. It becomes this very decadent, this whole thing Experience.


Oh my gosh. I know. I love it. So there you go. A frother. My White Elephant. Go-to this is gonna sound unlike me. Scratch tickets. I don't recommend people play the lottery, but I think for like a fun gift that we all do together. There's like a stack of 'em and just see it if you make some Yeah, I did it for the cousins one year. 'cause we were all like grown adults buying each other gift cards for the same amounts. and I was like, this isn't fun. So I bought the crossword one. That's like $5. Yeah. And it takes like 20 minutes to cross off every single letter and see if you got any words. Did people get stuck? And some people won like 20 bucks off a $5 crossword. You never know. So that's Fun. It's kind of a little game element to it. Exactly. There's some competition there. So that's a fun one that maybe you don't, you didn't think of Ramsey when you thought scratch tickets.


No you did not. No I did not. All right. I love the take a hint kind of gift. What's that mean? It's like when people like give you like a vacuum cleaner. They're like, Hey, you probably need to let Her, oh your house is disgusting. Or Like, I don't, whatever it is. Some extra sponges. 'cause yours are gross. Like whatever the thing is. It's like here's like a little, so there's Keith Whiten, there's a couple of those. I mean like the Total Money Makeover book could be that. Oh, and the great thing is


George, the Total Money Makeover book is one of our Black Friday sales here at Ramsey Solutions. And actually all the books are your books. My books. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, make sure to check it out because we have some great deals this Christmas on all of our products. So they actually make really great gifts.


That's not just a hint of like, Hey, you should do better with your money. Yeah. but it actually will help People. And you can pair it with a little $20 bill in chapter one as a little surprise. Maybe stick out, see Out if they're really Reddit. You do you. That's good. That's Good. I've got one that's practical for people who lose everything that you love. And that's an Apple. AirTag or any of these Tags. Oh yes. That track things. That's good. Track your kids, track your phones, track your keys. I've got it everywhere. Yep. So I, that's great. I love An air tag. We put that in our suitcases sometimes. Here's a Take, the Hint gift bought someone a A fridge. What? Because when we'd go, we'd go hang out and there would be a cooler that stored everything and it was kind of a nightmare. Oh, Oh gosh. Yeah. To store everything in this cooler in the garage.


So we're like, let's just go in and get a fridge so that whenever we're over there we can What a gift Store our crispy boys. You know I love a little sparkling water. Yeah. And people. I need it cold. I'm sure everyone appreciated that. How Do you realize that you cannot drink room temperature? Sparkling water. See I actually kinda like it when my topo chicos go kind of like just room temperature. It does not bother me. Why? I dunno. It kinda like heats everything up when it goes down. It's Kind of nice. You need help it kind. Nice. I wanna get you a BetterHelp subscription Kind of. Nice. That's a good one. All right, here's for some gifts for the person that has it all As you gotta go. Sentimental. You gotta, oh you gotta go like the picture routes the homemade calendar.


So this is like a Dave Ramsey. That's who I think of. Like the person who has it all. What am I gonna Buy? Dave Ramsey. Yeah. Hand hand prints from all the grandkids. I got my parents for their lake house. A a yard, like a sign in the yard and had these like wooden arrows pointing different ways. And one said like Mimi's kitchen and it points inside the house. Oh, that's cute. Papa Dave's dog. He goes that way. The dog park. 'cause they have this big dog and It's Mized for Their lives. Yeah. I got off Etsy and I was like, that's a great gift. That's a good one That they can, yeah. Put the yard at the lake. So personalized. Yeah. Like getting the socks with a picture of their dog on it. It was so funny. That's a fun. Or their kids on it. That's a fun one. That's a good one. Handwritten notes, homemade artwork. A book about something that they're interested in. A photo session with the family.


Something that's a little more sentimental. Heartfelt and personal. Yeah. Or an experience. If you know they're, they're into art, let's get 'em a membership to the art gallery in town. Or a museum or a spa visit. That's a good one, guys. I don't think, I Don't think that's very sentimental though. Well, it's thoughtful for someone who could use a de-stressor Maybe. So moms, moms on, the moms out there. I think Whitney would take a a spa gift card. So those are some really thoughtful gifts that I don't think are a waste of money. And people will actually appreciate them and not return them. We've all been there. Hope we helped you guys out with your list. Return the gifts. Yeah. and I think gift giving expectations around the holidays. It can easily get outta hand. And the last thing you want is to kick off the new year financially behind resentful in debt.


So please don't do that. Yeah. And I think like ask, why are we doing this? Right? If you're all adults buying adults gifts in the family, like just ask, Have a hard conversation. Do We like really need to be doing this? Right. Or if there was a certain dollar amount that was always spent, it's like question why or is your motivation so people, you know, could see all of this and how fun it is. Like, like just again, the motivation and, and challenging what used to be the norm I think is really good. And setting the boundaries. And today's a good day to set them. Yes. Don't wait until Christmas to then get resentful. Because some People like genuinely were like, I hope someone else speaks up. Right. And you could be the hero. Just Say, Hey, can we limit the gifts? No, no gifts over $50 or whatever the limit is.


Or draw names. Like we we're gonna draw names and you're each gonna get one person. So much better. So much Better. and I love the question that you have people ask before they buy something. Oh, that if nobody sees this purchase, do I still want it? There it is. Yeah. A Good one. So that's true for Yeah. One Because honestly, a lot of the times around the holidays I'll buy things for myself. Yeah. There's a piece of me that's, well it's a really good deal. I might as well stock up. So there's a piece that we gotta also look in the mirror. Yes. And stay under control. Yeah. Don't shop for yourself. This is the season to Give. Yeah. And that's where the budget comes in Handy and I love. I'll make a a little budget separately for Christmas and go, all right, here's what we're gonna spend on each person and I'm gonna make sure we stay under that budget. Yes. And EveryDollar is a great way to do that. This is our budgeting app.


You can set all of your line items for each person. You can have one line item for all of Christmas. Yeah, I do A Christmas one and then I go into my notes app and have everyone's in there and drag and drop all the transactions into that one. Or if you That's a good one. Even wanna be more detailed. List everybody out in EveryDollar for December. Yeah. And you can have it all there. Or November if you're shopping. And That's what I love about EveryDollar is you just, you can duplicate November and then you can make tweaks to December. Yeah. Add all the people and then in January delete those categories and then you're done's. Great. And you've moved on without debt. So please don't go into debt for any gifts for anyone for any reason. Yeah. Not worth It. Yeah. We'll put a link down below so you can check out EveryDollar if you haven't already.


Alright George. It's almost the end of the episode and we close out every episode with Guilty as as charged. And this is where our producer Kelly gives us a new guilty as charge question every week. And if we're guilty we take a sip. So Kelly. Alright. Have you ever been given a gift by someone and you didn't have one for them? So you lied about not having it by saying like, oh I left your gift at home, or Oh shit. That kind of thing so that you don't Feel bad. Yep. A hundred percent. I've done that. I, This happens with friends that I realize are gift givers and I. I am not. And then I realize, oh, like I have to reciprocate this can't be a one way street.


So there's been, I, I Have Do you always reciprocate because I have learned throughout the years I'll just receive and just say thank you and not feel the pressure. But I feel like I used to feel, and I would write their name down and be like, I have to buy 'em something. Well how random are these people? That's the question. Yeah. Some of 'em, I think I've a couple have been like, oh my gosh, it's a loose Relationship. I wasn't expecting. Yeah. I was unex expecting a gift from this person. Yeah. Well do you give, like, do you give and receive gifts from friends around Christmas? No, not a ton. We've kind of stopped doing that. I feel like we did that more when we were younger. That's kind of stopped more. But I don't feel like I'll randomly get a gift and I'm like, oh crap. Like geez, I gotta give him something.


Yeah, yeah. No, I've been there. There's, I can think of two friends in particular who are really good friends. Yeah. But I didn't know we were at like, at, We're not like giving gifts for Christmas kind of friends. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. And as a child, my parents would give gifts to my best friend's parents and they kept doing this and so they would give us a gift. So we would give them the gift. So next year they would give us a gift and then we would have to give 'em a gift. Even long after me and this guy were friends. Oh, stop it. It had been years since I'd even seen the guy and they finally just said, Hey we're gonna, we're not doing this anymore. Whoa. Good. Thank you. Thank you. thank you. Someone has to break the chain. I know. It's like a pay it forward. Yes. Just to say we gotta stop it. Even though it's been a tradition, we don't need it. You know what this has me thinking Rachel this guilty as charge question.


If I got you a gift, would you then lie and be like, oh my gosh, I'm get Yeah. Oh, you'd be a good Yes George. Should I, this is a good relationship where that could happen. Because I feel like you would be like, oh that's so nice. You didn't have to I didn't get you anything. Maybe I would. Maybe I would. No, no. Yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right. Because You can't hurt my feelings. You don't have that power over me. Yeah. If Michael Reddish got me a gift. Yes. Mixologist Michael Reddish. If You don't know, Michael is one of the best gift givers I've ever met. So you cannot top his gift. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That would be tough. He's Very difficult. I usually do group gifts from Michael because you have to go big and make it very thoughtful and personal. Oh. So, oh, he's a high maintenance gift receiver.


He's Just, and it's gotta be something like with some weight behind it. Crazy. Yes. It can't just be like a gadget I got On and I'm telling me somebody that I'm, I would be like, oh shoot your gift's coming. I may say that to you George. Wow. I know. Would you be honest with me or would you feel like If you got me a gift, would I feel like I have to get you one? No, but I would go, oh you know what? I should get the cruises a gift. That'd be a nice, you know, I got Dave and Sharon a gift one year. I don't remember why. What? But I got Sharon mostly for Sharon. It was a bourbon maple syrup from Trader Joe's. Like a bourbon aged barrel aged maple syrup. Look at You. Just the gift giver. But I think she enjoyed it. I know you, there's probably something else in there. Yeah.


So kind. Alright. Who finished her drink first? I think We're about equal on this, but it was a really good one. It was, this was a mocktail and it's a Red. Sans Gria. Very clever. Whoever came up with that. Good name, good name. Dan. It's a dollar 56 cents per glass. It's got a, a few things in it, but I think it's a, it is a great one to try. Pomegranate juice, grape juice, tart cherry juice, coconut water, orange juice, lime juice. And then of course with sandria, you wanna put some fruits in there so you can slice up a whole lemon, slice up a whole lime, slice up an orange, slice up an apple and throw it all in there. Get it all there. So it's A great batch recipe to make for the holidays. Yes. That would be A good one. So I'm gonna give this one a 10 out of 10. Wow. I'm going eight out 10.


It was a little tart. I like tart. Yep. Look that pomegranate juice. I'm a, that's pomegranate. Love It. You love it. So Go check out the recipe in the show notes. Make it for all of your family and friends. Even the kids can enjoy this one. Yeah, For sure. They can partake. Well you guys, it's closing time. So thanks so much for listening and watching. Make sure to review, comment below. We love to hear from you guys. So if you enjoyed this episode and you're traveling this holiday season, make sure to check out our episode on why short term rentals are no vacation. And we'll see you guys next Thursday on an all new episode of Smart Money. Happy Hour.