
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's Triple eight. 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Number one, bestselling author, RAMSEY Personality. George Kamel is my cohost today. Open phones here again. And, and here's what we do with you folks. We take your calls and we have no idea what you're gonna ask except what you told Christian. Our phone screener. But we don't set up these calls. We don't make them up.


The truth is, George, we don't have to make them up because some of you and some of the people in your life are so freaking crazy that it makes entertainment in and of itself just real life. We couldn't even make up some of this stuff. No, I mean, much like news and politics, the reality is actually more entertaining than anything you could write or dream up. There you go. Exactly. So that's what This Show is. I mean, fiction's harder to Write. Exactly. So we just take it as we see it. So we're here to help you all. Kidding aside, regardless of if you've done something dumb. 'cause if you've done something dumb that makes you human. I've done a lot dumb. As a matter of fact, I've got a PhD in DUMB. I'm not proud of it, but it is the degree I have.


And so we're here to help you not live in the land of broke due to decisions that you're made when you weren't thinking straight. Again, Triple 8, 8 2, 5 5 2, 2 5. Thank you for being with US America. We're glad you're here. Mark is in Columbus, Ohio. If I push the right button, there's Mark. Hey Mark, how are you? I'm doing well, sir. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up in your world? Hey, sir. I, I've been listening to you guys every morning on my way to work on, on the satellite radio, like the car. And I just, I got into a mess here.


I, I make about 125,000 a year and last year I made 125. And then I got a bonus of like 70,000 last year too. And, and then right now I don't have anything in my savings. I don't have anything in my checkings. I'm, I'm broke. I'm paying my very minimums on my credit card. I got about 27 credit cards. I pay the minimum and it's like every day I'm paying a minimum on one of those cards. And it is like, I miss a card one, one month, you know, I forgot I had one. So I'm writing 'em in my calendar. So every day my calendar is filled with a minimum payment that I gotta pay to a credit card company.


How much do you owe in credit card debt? And I can't. How much is the credit card debt total? About 12,000. Okay. You made $200,000 with your bonus. What'd you do with it? I don't know. I, I, I really don't know. I don't know. I'm trying to figure out, that's fucking, trying to figure out what I'd, well, If we looked at your bank statement and saw where all this money went, where are the top few things we would see? Food. Eating out. Grocery Store. Yeah. Eating out grocery stores. No One spends 10 grand a month at the grocery store though. What are your vices?


Buying? Buying it. Buying things. Buying too many things, I guess. What, what did you buy? I I What's the most expensive thing you bought last year? Riding lawnmower. Okay. What did it cost? Four grand. Okay. That's a lot of, I use it twice. Yeah. All Right. Are, are you, are you sports betting? No. Sports betting? Just I don't, no, no sports betting? No, I don't do any sports betting. Just you're doing drugs? Mm. Marijuana if that's considered, you know, just self-medicating.


Just trying to get, just trying to get outta debt and just, you know, leave that, you know. Okay. I'm just trying to find the money. I'm not throwing grenades. I'm just trying to find the money. 'cause a 4,000 lawnmower, I still got 196,000 left, so it wasn't like you bought a $50,000 something that you can put your fingers on. So I'm still trying to find what, like George said, where the money went. Alright, so, alright. First let's establish that you're not having fun. You said that, and we need to get back to being on top of this mess instead of this mess being on top of you. Is that a good goal? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. Ha. Have you, have you got the credit cards near you right now?


No, I don't. I just, I I don't know. No, I can. I just, Some of them Where are they? Where are they? They, they at home. Okay. When you get home tonight, I want you to get scissors and light a candle and have a mastectomy party and chop them all up. Every one of them. Okay? Yes, sir. Why Wouldn't you do that? I mean, I hear you say it all the time. Cut 'em up. I mean, so what you mean like, literally cut 'em off? Yeah. Literally get scissors out, light a candle and chop every one of the stinking things up. They've stolen your life from you shoot 'em in the face.


Yeah. How old are you, mark? I 52. How long have you been living like this? The last two years? Yeah. I think there's nothing here. Fun. So the first thing we're gonna do is stop the bleeding. No more use of credit cards and no more credit cards. That's step one. Step two is we're gonna do a written detailed budget and make 120,000 plus bonuses behave. And we're gonna write it down what we're gonna do with it before the month begins. And if it's not on the budget, you don't do it. So you're not eating out, okay? You're not traveling, you're not doing drugs, you're not doing anything. You don't have any money.


You're a broke guy. And so broke people buy food, lights and water and they pay their rent and they throw everything else at the debt. Okay? And that's what you're gonna do. You're gonna get real focused, like your life depended on it because it does my man. Yeah. You won't need pot because you don't need to medicate when you're in control again. Yeah. When you're attacking this, instead of it attacking you is what I'm talking about. You feel that emotion. What was that, sir? I said, when you're attacking this mess, instead of this mess attacking you, there's a growl in that.


Do you feel that emotion? Yes, sir. All Right. This is time. Throw the shoulders back and knock the crap out of some stuff. Hit it. Okay. Hit it hard like it's threatening your family. Like it's threatening someone you love. 'cause it is I love you and it's threatening you. You need to put a stop to this crap and hit it hard. And that involves stopping everything that is money's going out to and start throwing it all at the credit cards. The great news is, you could be outta credit card debt in just a couple of months. Yeah. You'd be a hundred percent free of credit cards. But the credit cards really aren't your problem. Really? 'cause you only owed 12 grand. The what's the problem is, is you have no idea where a lot of money's going.


It's almost like you're in Congress. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Do You have other debt? Mark? They, you know they, huh? Do you have other Debts other than the credit cards? I have a, I have a, a vehicle, 18,000 I bought, you know, bought, you know, one of those car vending machines online. And Have you got a girlfriend? You've been helping N no, just helping. My, my, you know, my, my wife, I'm separated from, you know, helping her and the kids. Okay. How much money are you throwing in that direction? I probably threw maybe like 15,000 that direction. 15? Yeah. I think you're throwing more than that.


And then you don't realize it. 'cause you're wanting to be a good guy and 'cause you are a good guy. I want you to help your kids. Okay? I don't care about your ex. She's your ex. That's how that works. Okay? If she's not your ex, you take care of your, take care of her. But until she's, when she's your ex, you take care of your babies and you're very careful and very wise about that. Hang on, we're gonna get you set up with EveryDollar and get you going on a budget brother.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, George Campbell. RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today.


If you're a business owner or you know, someone who is, you know that running a business is hard. As I think back on the challenges of the last 30 or 40 years, I wish I'd had someone to walk me through how to do it the right way. Well, that's exactly why we wrote my new book, build A Business You Love. We wanna share what we've learned over the last 30 years so business owners can grow faster, avoid common mistakes, and create something that they're proud of. We walk you through the five stages of business and the six drivers of business that drive you through the five stages of business. It is the baby steps for small business. And you don't wanna miss this. You can pre-order it right now, it comes out April the 15th. But pre-order it now for 29 99, you get over $350 in free bonus items, including instant access to the Entree Leadership Hiring Playbook, where we have coached over 10,000 small businesses on hiring and firing early access to the ebook and the enhanced audiobook as well. So thanks for hanging out with us. And you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, get all of those deals or YouTuber podcast, just click the link in the description and you're ready to rock and roll.


David is with us in Lexington, Kentucky. Hi David. How are you? I'm doing good. And how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up in your world? Well, I just lost my job and I feel like I pay way too much in rent. I don't know really what to do. Wow. Why did you lose your job? Being I slept in a lot. So you you couldn't seem to get to work, you couldn't seem to get to work on time? Yeah, and I worked five feet away from where I slept.


So you work from home? Yes. Okay. All Right. What were you doing? I worked in a automotive BDC call center. Okay. All Right. How'd you get that job? Just applying around, got found on LinkedIn. They messaged me. I was applying to everything and I found a job that was a mile up the road from my house. So the, the office is here, but I didn't have a car for the longest time, so they let me work from home. What were you making?


12 an hour or so? About 24,000 a year. Well, bad news is you lost your job. The good news is you didn't lose much. Pretty much sucked as a job. Agreed? Oh yeah. I was being berated for $24,000 a year Is not, yeah, I mean, you can, you can make $20 an hour at Target. Right. Do you have a car now? Yes. It's kind of a junker, but it can get me from A to B. Get you from a to Target or Dick's Sporting Goods or name it. I don't care. Almost any retailer is paying over 12, making it up right now. And they're all short of help.


What's your rent? 8 95 a month. Okay. You Living alone, the utilities and everything included? Yes. All Right. How old are you? 20. How old am I? 24. Okay. Alright. So you were doing auto loan collections, is that what you were doing? No Service scheduling. So whenever you needed an oil change or had a check engine light on, I was the person you talked to. So why were you getting berated? Oh, people, when it comes to their car, if they, if it's not done now, it's, it's a problem. Huh.


Okay. All Right. And these were places in New York and all that. I got you. It doesn't matter. People are jerks everywhere. I understand that. It's not just New York, but, alright, so, alright. You, you lost a crummy job that doesn't pay much. Can we agree on that? Yes. Okay. But there's some shame on why you lost it, because it was due to a lack of personal energy and diligence and so you're a little bit ashamed of that. Is that fair? Absolutely. Okay. Alright. Because your voice has absolutely no energy in it. And that's what I'm trying to figure out.


It can't be 'cause you lost this, this crummy job. The job sucked. But it could be because you feel bad. Oh, I definitely feel bad. I mean, okay. I'm not trying to pick on you, I'm just trying to, I'm trying to feed back to you what George and I are hearing on the other end. 'cause we wanna love you well and help you get moving. 'cause I don't want you going in for a job interview sounding like eor. Do you know who EOR is? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I I want a, I want a level of enthusiasm. I want you to get caffeinated before you go in. Okay. Has it been like this your whole adult life, David? Just kind of lack of purpose? No real spark, just kind of going through the motions? Or was there a time where you, you were lit up, fired up?


I was definitely fired up when I worked, I was in a pretty nice job. I made just barely more than I made at the call center, but I was working for a giant manufacturing company. I don't know if you've heard of 'em, link belt cranes, But what do you wanna be doing, David? Have you ever taken a moment to think here's where I wanna be five, 10 years from now? Here's the kind of career field I wanna be in. I mean, I'd love automotive repair. Okay. But I don't know where to start. I can't save money to save my life. I'm down to basically $0. Yeah. Well, you haven't made any money. That's part of the problem. Yeah. I mean, when you're making two, $2,000, your take home pays 1500 and your rents 8 95, you not got any margin in this budget.


So I don't think you're horrible at money. I just don't think you made any money. So we, that's why Georgia's poking around on the income side of your equation. Okay. So, and I, another issue is I've been applying for, I mean, I knew it was a terrible job. I've been applying for about six months and nobody seems to wanna take me. Okay. That's probably because of the way you are applying, not because it's a personal thing. Like David is not worthy, okay? Because honestly, if you get up and brush your teeth and comb your hair and take a bath and you go down to Target or or whoever down the street at the mall and start walking from store to store to store you and, and to ask to speak to the manager and have a little bit of sparkle in your eye, a little spring in your step and a firm handshake and a smile, you'll get hired by the end of the day, David, at $20 an hour.


There's, that stuff is out there. It is everywhere. Okay? And that Might be a temporary Stop, but you have to, you have to leave the house. You can't sit and apply by computer on LinkedIn. That's, that's just not gonna work. You let me, let me give you an example of why. Okay? At RAMSEY, we have about 1100 folks at our company here. All Right? We took 15,000 job applications last year. We hired about, I don't know, 700 people, 600 people. No, no, we didn't hire that many. 400 people anyway. Nothing out of 15,000, right?


Yeah. So how did those 400 get out of that stack of 15,000? It wasn't by email and it wasn't through LinkedIn. They did something that got them in the door. And one of the things they did is what King Coleman calls the proximity principle. So you have to stand up and leave the apartment every day at 8:00 AM dressed and ready for work, smiling teeth brushed and hair combed until you get a job in the next three days. And in the next three days, if you do that, leaving at 8:00 AM go, go talk to people in the auto repair business. Go talk to people in these big box stores. Go talk to anyone that will talk to you about hiring you and be nice and kind and show up on time.


And never be late the rest of your life. Learn that lesson. The bad news is you had to learn it. The good news is you got the rest of your life to not relearn it. So yeah, get out there and get it done, man. Now, once you get that going, then we need to step up and do what George's talking about and start dreaming about what we wanna be. I don't want you to be an auto repair. I want you to own 17 auto repair centers and be worth $8 million 20 years from today. But you gotta decide, I'm gonna aim at that and I'm gonna go do what it takes and scrap and claw to get that done. And that requires energy and enthusiasm and believing you can do it.


Hang on. I'm gonna send you a copy of Ken's book, the Proximity Principle and another one. Find the work you're wired to do that has an assessment in it that'll help you start dreaming big. But in the meantime, go get some eat money today. This is The Ramsey Show.


You shouldn't own a gun. You're not willing to shoot in moments of self-defense. A burna launcher lets you protect yourself in a non-lethal way. That's exactly why Burna launchers were created. Everyone from parents and nurses to pastors and even special forces veterans rely on Burna to protect themselves and their families. I own several burners myself. They look like guns, but they're not. They shoot a 68 caliber round kinetic or chemical irritant projectile that can disable a threat from up to 60 feet away. And they're powered by compressed CO2 cartridges. So they're classified with paintball and airsoft guns, but they're more powerful than those for increased protection. Not to mention, burner launchers are legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped directly to your door. Plus RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burn, a pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo, and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to Byrna dot com slash dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave


George Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today, number one bestselling author. We're here to talk to you and help you with your life and your money. In the lobby of Ramsey Solutions, which you're more than welcome to drop by Anytime and watch the show. We do it live from one to four, and we do the show on the glass so you can watch it happen every weekday. So come by and hang out with us. In the lobby is the debt free stage and Lex and Sarah are standing on it, which can mean only good news for Lex and Sarah that they're debt free. Welcome guys. Hello. Where do you guys live? From? Cleveland, Ohio area. Awesome. Well welcome to Nashville. Thank you. We had a snow just in time to make you feel at home. Yeah. You guys have a little bit of a different definition of a snowstorm than we do.


You don't think one inch is a blizzard? What? It's all good. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. There's no milk in the grocery store. I'll just tell you because everybody thinks they're gonna be inside for the next eight weeks because we had one inch. So how much debt did you guys pay off? About $260,000. I love it. How long did that take? About five and a half years. Wow. Good for you. And your range of income during that time, which Is we, we went from probably 80,000 to about 150. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a physical therapist. I work in customer service at a chemical company. Okay, Excellent. Cool. Five and a half years. Was it, did you pay off your house?


No, No, No. What was the, oh, physical therapy. There you go. Hello? 260,000. You got 150 and student loan debt, right? You are pretty much right there. Yep. Okay. All Right. Wow. So, yep. All student loans. Okay. Most of it, most of the two 60 was student loans. All Of it. All of it? Yeah. All of it. Between the two of you? Yes. Whoa. Yeah, we paid down about four grand. She had four grand and credit card debt when I got her. Yeah. Yeah. We got that taken care of before we got married. And then did Financial Peace University. Yep. Wow. How so? You've been married about six years. Seven. Yeah. And the first thing you had to do is climb a mountain of 260,000. Yep. Yeah, we called it our first mortgage. So that'll do it.


Now the mortgage is gonna seem like a piece of cake. Yeah. Not so scary. Now You mean, you mean that house only costs that Oh my gosh. Yep. Not so bad. Yep, We can do that. We've done that before. Wow. Well good for y'all, man. That's amazing. So how did you end up in Financial Peace University as newlyweds? So my, my mom actually got it for us for Christmas. Oh, joyful. From the mother-in-law. 2018. Yeah. I taught financial literacy down in Cincinnati for a couple years. So I was familiar with, with your books. 'cause the, one of the local banks supplied us with a bunch of supplies for the financial piece, stuff that I was teaching to eighth graders. Cool. So I was familiar with it.


Okay. Very cool. And then you said, Maybe I should Do it. Yeah. Yeah. That would be Cool. Yeah. So Sarah, when when he comes in, you go, okay, this is how we're gonna do this. What'd you say? Well, I mean, he had mentioned it multiple times before, but I, I feel like, you know, I hear a lot of people say like, kind of, I was a little Dave ish. Like I, I wanted to, oh, I went to school for so long, I deserve to live my life and all that kind of stuff. And then, you know, I had that moment where I sat down and added up all the loans and I'm doing income-based repayment and, and the interest is just making the total number go up and up and you're Gonna be 84 when you get out. Yep. I'm like, this absolutely ridiculous. So, you know, I got mad at it. We got the course and just kind Of game home.


Took it From there. Anger Plus information. That's what you needed. Yeah. Good combo. You know what, that's a good combo. It really is. Yep. That's Legit. And we came back after the first class and she cut up with the credit cards and Yep. That was it. Yep. She did business. Yep. Absolutely. Just game on. Okay. That's a great way to start a marriage, to be on the same page and have a villain to fight. Yeah. I mean the, the dragon must be slayed and we're going to do it together. Absolutely. Yeah. Yep. We're going on a quest here. A journey. Well done y'all, man. That's amazing. That's a long time. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Five and a half years. Yeah. Yeah. How did you stay with it for five and a half years? You know, I, I always say that like, that that anger and I put, I feel like I put a lot of the blame, I guess, on myself and the responsibility of it, of not, not wanting to run from it and just owning it.


That like, I made this decision to like, take this money out and it, and I wanted it gone from my life. You know, we faced a lot of life along the way too. Sure. You know, you start this process and then a year later there's a global pandemic, you know? Oh yeah. So, you know, we faced job loss. We faced Wheels literally falling off our cars. Yeah. We replaced three vehicles. And ca that's why I was saying we should have added up how much we cash flowed during this time too. Yeah. Like the amount of money between three cars. We were blessed with, you know, we had grew our family, we had two kids, so Wow.


Just all of these things like, you know, we were so fortunate to be able to like, keep like our four walls during this whole time, but there was a lot of stuff that slowed it down and did kind of feel like a mountain that was really hard to climb. But I, I, I leaned a lot on our faith, you know, I had been absent from the church quite a bit and you know, like before we got married. And then So we leaned into to that and that support group and knowing that, you know, sometimes your, your, your problems lead to the goodness at the end, I guess. So. That's Beautiful. So what was the hardest sacrifice, lifestyle wise you guys had to make for that period of time?


I, so I, I grew up, my dad has the same rake that he had before I was born. So for me, the, the money part problem wasn't an issue. I think there was just a lot of pressure from friends and family. Not even intentionally in a bad way, but just like, oh, she does home health. Like, you need a nicer car. Like, just take out a loan. So just fighting that kind of stuff was difficult. Yeah. I think just resisting like the normal of what people find to be normal. You know, like where like the, the vehicles is a good example, I think. And just like how you wanna make upgrades to the home or buy newer and nicer things or like with the, the kids like they need this or that. Those, those kids don't need anything besides like, to be loved.


Right. You know, they, they don't care that they're sleeping in a, a crib that I got a Facebook marketplace. Like, They don't know the difference. So I think like, just like those things, like really like knowing that we had everything we needed and most of what we wanted. I think you Redefined the word need in your household. Yes. Yeah. I think, you know, it's, it's huge. Yeah. Yeah. A a lot of just giving up the wants I think, you know. Yeah. We've often taught that contentment is the most powerful financial principle. And you were functioning in that. That's what you're saying. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We just don't have a very big, I'm sorry. We just don't have a very, very big like, material chase. Like material things are not, I mean, they're important, but they're not, you know, what drives us?


Yeah. Yeah. That was an advantage through this and it helped you get through it. It's A superpower to not care what other people think. It's Not Easy. It's tough. No, it's not easy. Especially When it's the people you care about, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Well, way to go y'all. That's amazing. 'cause really what happened is you get married, you have a couple kids, you go through several cars, you climb this mountain, you reengage your spiritual life, you dive deep. There's a whole lot. Personal growth is happening here in the six years. I mean, you're not even the same people you are when you start talking about this. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty incredible. Y'all, y'all are impressive. Thank you. Very cool Couple. Thank you. Thank you. Very power couple. You guys helped a lot along the way though, so I, I was just sitting here.


Yeah. But yeah, George, George May be I instrumental. Yeah. Thank you. Way to go. Y'all. Very, very proud of you. Who was bragging on you on the way? Well, I mean, I, I think everybody was really supportive. You know, our family, our friends, coworkers. So, you know, there's a lot of people I hopefully kind of watching cheers on today. Back at home. I wanna say hi to our, our kids Finley and Max. They're with grandma and grandpa and we get to be, That's where they should be. That's right. Be away from them for more for the first time. Really? I like it since they were born. I see why You wanted to travel to Nashville.


Yeah. I like it. Good, good. Hey, what do you tell people the key to getting outta debt is now that you've paid off $260,000 in five and a half years, Just to know the difference between your needs and your wants. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I think that's the biggest thing is just fi finding that contentment and knowing that like, you know, we're just so blessed with the things that we have. You did it. I'm proud of you. That's right. Well done. Lex and Sarah Cleveland, Ohio, 260,000 paid off in five and a half years, making 80 to one 50. They did it. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream.


3, 2, 2, 1, 1. We debt debt free we're, yeah. Wow. 260,000 the same number of times. Biden said he was gonna forgive it. That's right. And they decided and then they bite it off. You know, let's Not wait around for that to happen because it didn't Yeah. Didn't, didn't. Oh man. Oh, there's that. It didn't. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know how when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt, it feels weird at first. Well, I'm here to tell you that is okay. I want you to be weird. If that means you're being intentional, including how you budget. And one way to be intentional about how you spend your healthcare dollars is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a biblically based alternative. CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. As a CHM member, you'll share 100% of your eligible healthcare costs with a dedicated Christian community. And in return, your monthly contribution goes towards other members' medical costs. So no matter where you are in your financial journey, CHM can help you reach your money goals and still get the care you need. Plus programs start as low as $98 a month. So go to ch ministries.org/budget to find out more. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


I am Dave Ramsey, your host George Kamel. RAMSEY personality is my co-host open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Well, as predicted by the RAMSEY team and me and George, the real estate market is beginning to thaw as the snowfalls. And I, I mean, we told you in November after the election that probably what would happen would not be instantaneous. And that gradually the market would begin to heal as springtime came around. So we're, we are seeing in the real estate market an uptick in activity.


We are seeing interest rates down very slightly, just a little bit. And nothing, no, no big dramatic anything in the real estate world. There's no sudden supply, there's still a shortage. There's no huge drop in interest rates instantaneous, which didn't expect to have happen. I didn't anyway. And so the real estate market is starting to move again. And, and so the, you know, the thing we've told you for 30 years is still true. That when it comes to buying a house, a home for your family, real estate's a great investment when bought per when bought properly and at the right time in your plan.


And what happens at your hou, in other words, what happens in your house is more important than what happens in the White House. And so Donald Trump's not gonna buy you a house, Joe, Joe Biden didn't buy you a house. It's not their job either. One of 'em. And it's your job to buy a house after you get outta debt, have an emergency fund, and when you can afford the payment on a fourth of your take home pay on a 15 year fixed rate. And that's very doable once you get your crap together. But, you know, there's people worried about tariffs driving construction cost up. There's people thinking that the government's gonna get in the housing business and drive supply up, which will bring prices down. Not gonna happen.


Tariffs aren't gonna drive construction costs up, not appreciably. Even if there are tariffs and there aren't any yet. Hello. Basically The, the White House has a lot less effect on the housing market than you. You think they do Well now, but the effect they do have is, and, and they are starting to have that effect, is to make people believe again. So the economy starts moving and when people are hopeful they purchase things, they invest, they get off the sidelines when they're hopeful. And if you believe, whether you're a Democrat or a Republican, if you believe the economy's gonna get better, you will make moves that make the economy better. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy. And housing is one of the elements of that.


And I do think that's going to happen. And I'm not going to give President Trump the, the credit for having grown the economy. I'm gonna say the American public grew the economy, but it is, if he gave them hope and caused them to do that with, you know, cutting spending and which they're obviously doing to pretty rapidly and pretty wildly. It's kind of fun to watch for a guy who likes to cut spending. I mean, I'm, I'm in hog heaven, right? So, you know, that's a good thing. And I, and I know it's your grandmother's program or whatever they cut and some of you're pissed, but I really don't care cut spending.


And you've been spending more than you make like some kind of drunken congressman. So that's wonderful. And if that kind of thing gives people hope, and if he puts pressure on the Fed and causes interest rates to go down, that gives you hope and causes you to go into the marketplace, the real estate market's gonna take off. So I am predicting a, a healthy, good functioning real estate market again by fall. I don't think it's going to be a, a boomer bust thing like it was after Covid. It was crazy. And I I I, but I think it's gonna get moving again. And it's been very stagnant. What do You think? Yeah, it's, it's definitely been crawling and I think it's gonna take longer than we all want it to. And so for those folks who've been sitting on the sidelines waiting for something drastic to happen, quit waiting.


If you're ready to buy a house, like you said, don't time the market, time your own financial life and go, now is the right time for us to buy. This is the time to buy. I'm looking at several pieces of real estate right now, and I I'm not doing that because Trump's in office. I was doing it before he was in office. And I will keep looking, but I'm only going to do the deal when the deal is right and it fits in our, you know, our, our parameters on how we do real estate. That's right. And you're paying cash. And for those folks that are, you know, they're taking on the mortgage Dave, and they're going, well Dave, the rates are so high. What do you say to them about the rates? You marry the house and you date the rate. So when it does dip down, You just refinance. You know, it's not that hard. Just don't, you know, don't buy too much house and don't be crazy. But your interest rate, if interest rates go back down to three, and I don't know if they will or not.


I, I never thought they'd be there to start with. So what do I know? But anyway, the, if they do go down, it's not that big a problem. Just refinance and you'll have a little bit of cost and within a, you know, 18, 24 months you'll get your money back and you'll be rocking along, making the better rate then after that. So don't let that keep you out of the market. If you're waiting on rates to come down, that's dumb. 'cause as soon as they go down, you're gonna see some stimulation in house prices. They're gonna offset 'em going up. So, you know, go ahead and get They left. Disappointed when your time, but you need to be out of debt. You need to have an emergency fund in place of three to six months of expenses debt free. And you, you know, with a good strong down payment, we'd like to see, if you're not a first time home buyer, it should be at least 20% down because you can avoid PMI, which is private mortgage insurance, which is about $75 a month per hundred thousand borrowed.


It adds up. So I mean, if, if you borrow like 400,000 bucks, that's 300 bucks a month that you're paying for insurance for the insur, for the mortgage company to insure them in case they foreclose on you. That's what PMI is. It's a risky Buyer fee. It's a risky buyer fee. 'cause you didn't put down 20%. That's a good little, that's a good line, George. Thank you. I worked hard on that. Yeah, because I mean, I've been doing this 30 years. I never came up with that. That's pretty Good. Yes, that's a win. But There we go. And so that, but if you don't put down 20% and you still buy, we're okay. We're not mad at you. We're just saying you could save a lot of money if you did put down so good down payment where your house payment on a 15 year fixed is no more than a fourth of your take home pay.


And your take home pay is not after insurance and 401k, your take home pay is after taxes. What are you taking home after taxes? That's the number we're talking about. So I'm not talking about your check, I'm talking about what your, that's called take home pay. It's not your, your check is different than take home pay. So you Got health insurance premiums and the 401k. That's, that's not, don't, that's not in the mix. Okay. So, but anyway. Yeah. 'cause you need to be able to cash flow this thing and get it paid off and move along to the next step of wealth building. But real estate is good. It's, it's not horrible right now. It's not booming, but it's definitely not horrible. It is way better than it was four months ago.


Way better. I mean, I've got a couple properties on the market that zero people were looking at. And now people are in there every week and every day looking at them. And so, I mean, we're activities picking up, I'm actually seeing activity happen, you know, on those properties. And, and they're not rentals. I mean those are sales. So it, it, it's happening. Real estate is moving again, it's very, very quiet about it. 'cause there's all this other stuff in the news and nobody's talking about real estate much, but we are here because you talk about it at home and you're thinking about, should I buy a house? Should I buy a house? What happened? Is Trump gonna end the world? No. He is not gonna end the world. And no, he is not gonna make your life better by sending you money. It's not gonna happen.


And I did, I told you that was gonna happen. I told you that about Biden. So you guys gotta be grownups and go for your own destiny. Yeah. Quit waiting around. Regardless of what's happening in the economy, you can affect it a lot more than anyone else. So we've got a lot of resources too, Dave. Our team built a real estate hub with tons of resources, tools, calculators, articles, even a video course. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. And we'll be talking about real estate investing here soon. Yep. We're gonna do a, the second time we're doing the Investing Essentials virtual event March 4th and fifth. George and I are doing that. Tickets are, that's a virtual event. Tickets are 199 bucks. You can get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com. It's two nights. The first night is two hours on investing and investing philosophies.


The second night is two hours and most of it is on details on how to do investment analysis, real estate, real estate investment analysis, Using real examples from your portfolio. I'm gonna go through, I'm gonna open my playbook. It's only the second time I've ever done that. And I did it this time last year and it was a big hit. So they talked me into it again. So, well, Stuff you've never talked about on the show 'cause you're like, this is too nerdy. It is, But people can't, well, I gotta tell you, the whole stink of the night, these two nights are both nerdy. So if, if you're having trouble sleeping, you know, we can help you with that. Okay. But if you're a super nerd, you're gonna love this stuff. If you're really into investing, oh, we're gonna give, we're gonna give you the meat and potatoes, baby George. George George. Some meat on the bones Because George George is a super nerd.


I'm just saying he can do it. Love it. Can't wait. March 4th and fifth at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. The Investing Essentials virtual event. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death and predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over, profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host George Campbell. RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thanks for joining us. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Charlotte is in Richmond, Virginia. Hey Charlotte, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you so much for speaking with me. Sure. What's up? Well, my husband and I have a home that his parents are about to move into in a few months.


And we want some advice as whether it's better for them to just be deeded the house or if we do have them just pay us the mortgage amount, what should we put in a contract just to keep our family relationship healthy, but keep everything legal and just secure. Wow. Well the reason you're calling is 'cause you know, you're skating on thin ice asking for trouble. Yes. And you're asking how to avoid falling through the ice. And the the best way is don't skate on thin ice. Don't do the deal this way. Why aren't they getting a mortgage and buying it from you?


We all, we're kind of doing a house shift. His sister's coming from a very expensive part of Washington DC and she will move into the parents' home and be deeded their house. And the parents will move into our smaller home and downsize. And all of the mortgages are so cheap because the homes were purchased years ago compared to refinancing and adding about a hundred to a thousand dollars. Well, hundreds or thousands of dollars more. Wait a minute. The the sister gets a free house. Your, the parents get your house free. What are you getting? We, my husband and I have two homes. When we got married, we both brought a house into the marriage.


So this would be the house that we've just had renters in. I know you missed my point. You're giving the parents a free house. They're giving their other daughter a free house. What are you getting? That's why I'm calling. Nothing. Okay. So I'm, I'm confused while we're doing this. This is gonna cause Resentment real Quick. She's not a house swap. This is sister got a house. They got a house and you didn't, that's different. So, All Right. So, so you want them to move into the house and pay you for the house, is that right? Yes. And they're fine with that.


Okay. You just have a lot, why don't get a mortgage and just take the hou pay you with a mor pay like, like a normal buyer of a house would do and just pay you and you sell 'em the house. Okay. I'm writing everything down. Well, I mean, I'm asking is there a reason y'all hadn't done that? Because that's kind of the obvious way to do it. What's the price you would sell it to them for? That's the issue where we are, the home would go for three 80 and we only owe one 90. But I am aware that if they purchased it at the market value right now we have a, I think it's an $1,100 mortgage on that house and it'd probably knock them all the way up to 1800 if not more.


Yeah. So that's, and you're saying that's too much. If they're going to buy a $380,000 house, they're going to have a mortgage amount that they pay. What's wrong with that? They can't afford it. Oh, they can, I guess we just want to, we wanna be a blessing to family and not make anybody have to pay, you know, 800 plus more a month if we already have the homes in our name. But we do Wanna make, well, you, you, yeah, you can't, you can't transfer the deed with that mortgage in place. That mortgage that you have not gonna survive this deal. Okay. There's a due on sale clause in the deed. Would it be better then just to have the contract for a Renter?


No. It would be better if they went and got a mortgage and bought the house from you. If you want to discount the house to be a blessing, instead of selling it for three 80, sell it for 300. I'm fine if you choose to do that. I'm still confused why you need to do that. But if you want to do that and that's what you want to do, just sell 'em the house a little cheaper and let them go get a mortgage and hand you a check. Okay. If they buy it for 300 and you owe one 90, they're gonna hand you a a 110,000 check. Right? Right. And that's a deal. I'm making up the number. I don't know what the number is, but I don't care what you sell it to them for.


And, and they're giving a deal to your husband's sister. Right. Okay. And so really, and then you give them a deal. So really the truth of the matter is when all the smoke clears, you actually gave your husband's sister a deal. Yeah. If you trace it back. Yeah, because you didn't use, they, they didn't use, 'cause they're getting a deal on your house and that enabled them to give the deal over there. So it's much like you did it for the sister instead of for them. So I, I don't know. I don't know what you wanna do. I would not have them pay you a monthly rent and I would not have them pay you a, a mortgage And I wouldn't do it for free.


'cause now you're actively losing money every month. 'cause you still have to make your mortgage payment. Right? Oh, we wouldn't do it for free. They would cover what we would owe monthly. Yeah. We just wanna make sure there's no legal repercussions. And we definitely don't wanna do a handshake deal. We wanna have a contract. I would not have a contract because All Right, let's, let's talk about it. I'll go one more step. Okay. There's two or three principles going on. One, there's a legal principle. If you do what's called a contract for deed and they move into the house and start acting like the owner of the house, you've had what's called equity of title has transferred and the do on sale clause in your mortgage can activate and your mortgage company could foreclose on you.


So don't do that. Don't do that. Okay. And if they move in and just start renting from you, then they don't own the house and they're at risk. And you gotta figure out some kind of a deal someday when the house goes way up in value. Who gets that money? Them or you? I wouldn't get into all that. I would simply sell them the house at a price and let them go get a mortgage. Pay off the mortgage that you have, put the difference in your pocket and they still got a deal. Okay. And then they have a mortgage payment and it's their problem just like it is today. Today they own a house. You're not involved in that house.


Right. Right. That's the way it should be. That's, that's the legal side of this. Now then the other side of it is the emotional and relational side. The borrower is slave to the lender. When you eat dinner with someone you owe money to, it tastes different. 'cause it messes up relationships. And no contract in the world makes that go away. That's a spiritual principle, a philosophical principle. So please don't do the deals you're talking about. Doing your family is going to end up harmed.


You're gonna end up harmed. People are gonna end up not liking each other. It's not a good idea. So just pick a price. If it's worth three 80, we're gonna sell it to you at a discount of X. Let them go get a mortgage for X. And if they don't wanna do It, pay off your current mortgage. And if they don't wanna do that, then you really don't need to do this deal. For sure. You don't need to do it. For sure. Anyway, this is The Ramsey Show.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off@fieldofgreens.com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Okay, picture this. You sit down to do your taxes, but instead of stressing out, you're actually ahead of the game and filing with an affordable software that makes your computer shoot confetti when you're done. Okay. Not that last part. But Ramsey Smart Tax does make filing easy and doesn't make your bank account cry. Ramsey Smart Tax is a hundred percent accurate software that's honest about its pricing and is backed by a company who's been in the business for over 50 years. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax to take advantage of early bird pricing and stress free filing. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


George Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host.


Our question of the day is brought to you by Why refi? If you're struggling with defaulted private student loans, why Refi offers a great solution to get you back on track for a low fixed rate and more flexibility? Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Chase in Florida. My aunt recently reached out to me for advice since I'm considered the financially responsible one in the family. She's 37 and we come from a low income family. She worked at Tesla for six years and recently discovered that her old Tesla stock holdings are now worth $650,000. I love it. That's great. She currently works as a project engineer earning 70,000 a year. Her monthly rent is only a thousand bucks and she has $20,000 in debt, which will be paid off this year. She has retirement investments but no cash savings. She's hesitant to sell the stock because her goal is to let it reach a million dollars before selling. She's also concerned about the tax implications if she sells.


I've explained that this mindset borders on gambling emphasizing the danger of investing in a single stock. If you were in her shoes, what would you do with $650,000 in Tesla stock? Wow, that's so fun. Yeah. What a great relationship that she comes to him with this big win and asks him what to do and he's saying, you've got too much risk here. So cool. And he's spot on. He's so cool. I love this. And I do agree, this does border on gambling, waiting for your, your single stock to go up, you know, another 30 something percent so that you can cash out at the right time. Yeah, that scares me. Yeah, you're gonna have taxes. Welcome to making money. Sorry.


But that goes to the Territory. Capital gains. Yeah, but the good news is, you know, if you, if you hold that asset for over a year, that would hit the long-term capital gains tax. Exactly. And she's had it over a year. She's been there six years. Yeah, so her old Tesla stock, So we know it's over a year old, so it's gonna have long-term capital gains. So it'll be at a 15% rate. So it's not gonna be that bad. You're gonna pay probably a hundred grand out of this, something like that. And that's if you cashed it all out at once And you are today and you are So she could be debt free today and be in a different place, 20,000 bucks and go buy a house. Yeah, That's what I would do. Because She's 37 years old. She's a renter. She has 20,000 in debt. This would change her life to cash this out.


Go buy a house That actually goes up in value. Yeah. Instead of potentially, who knows what's gonna happen with Tesla? They may continue to go up. Well, I'm not, I'm not dissing Tesla, but I don't, I'm not buying it. If you got 600, if you're 37 years old and you have $650,000 in cash stacked in the middle of the kitchen table, what do you do with it? Would you invest in Tesla? Go buy Tesla stock? No. Go buy any single stock. No. Go buy a house. Yes. Now we're talking, Gonna go up in value and you have no payments and you make 70 grand a year, and now you're gonna have another million dollars in just a few minutes if you do this.


'cause now you can load your 4 0 1 Ks, your Roth IRAs, you can stack cash. You're gonna have zero debt. And you know, and no house payment of any kind. No rent going out. And so that's a couple thousand bucks a month minimum. And we're talking about putting maybe $5,000 a month away now. And that's gonna be a million dollar, another million dollars very quickly in a good mutual series of mutual funds in your Roth IRAs and 4 0 1 Ks. So a hundred percent. That's what I'm doing. Not even a hesitation. If you had, and the way you can sometimes see the thing is when you own something, sometimes it's hard to pry the fingers off of it.


But if you just reset it in your mind and say there's a stack of cash in the middle of my kitchen table, what would I, would I go buy Tesla stock with it? No. Would I go buy Apple stock with it? No. Both great companies both probably gonna go up, still wouldn't buy, have all of my eggs in one basket. And I still would go buy a house. You're 37-year-old single lady, you own a home cash paid for. Guess what they're gonna do? They're gonna go up in value all the time. Pretty cool. George. Pay the taxes. Oh yeah. People Are so scared of paying taxes. I don't wanna do Anything. Taxes. Well, there's like, it's like a boogieman. We don't know what it is.


So just add it up and you go, oh, that's what it's, oh, it's not that big a deal. Yeah. Get with your tax pro, Probably 85,000 bucks or less. And they'll go, here's what it is. And you go, All Right, I'll pay that out of the, the proceeds. And now you move on. Got, you know, it, it's almost like it's found money anyway. I, I recently discovered that's quite old, Quite the thing to forget about, Kind of found money, you know, I mean, so it's like, and, and now I'm worried about giving up a look. No, don't. 'cause I, again, I am not predicting successful success or failure, or I'm not betting for or against Elon Musk as a business person. None of that. That's not the issue. The issue is it's a single stock. If you had it all in Microsoft or Dell or Apple or McDonald's or Coca-Cola, I don't care what you, what you name some big stable company that's not brand new on the scene and not cutting edge technology.


That's a little weird. You know, I mean name one of those and I'm still gonna tell you not to do it. So I don't do it. I don't have, I don't have $650,000 in a single stock and I got a lot more than $650,000. So I why, if I thought it worked, I'd be doing it. You know, so, no, That's it. I hope that was clear. Chase. I don't think Dave can be any more clear. Dave, Dave has a trouble with clarity and he sometimes has trouble telling people what he really thinks. Roberta is in Boston. Hey Roberta. What's up? Hi. Thank you for taking my call. I, so my question is, I am a stay at home mom and I haven't worked in a long time.


My husband and I, we are in debt. And since I've been starting watching your content, I, I am just done with it. It's working. This, it is. So this year I am being very intentional. We have about $18,000 in credit card debt and his truck is about $45,000. Every huge, huge payments. Almost a grand a month. So, yeah. So I, I just wanna get those credit cards out of the way. Get his credit better, maybe refinance the truck, get better interest, you know, and, and see the money because he makes, okay, like he makes about $12,000 a month and we are just getting by.


The money comes in, the money comes, goes out next month, start from zero again. So since December, I haven't worked it since 2013 and I don't intend to work. He likes this. I do too. It's, it works for our family. But I got a side gig just helping a friend for a couple of months. You know, I'm making about $230 a week. And then I said, well, this is gonna go towards credit cards 'cause we are just gonna bang these credit cards. I don't wanna see these payments anymore. And the money's just going into the account and disappearing with our normal bills. You know, I'm, and I'm getting very frustrated because I'm like, I'm, you know, I'm doing this.


It's a little extra. And it was supposed to get the credit card down. Anyway, being in that, also, one of my huge goals was to go back to Homeland to see my family. I haven't seen my family in about 16 years. So, and we keep putting It all Where? Where's home? Roberta? It's Brazil. I'm from Brazil. Okay. I was born and raised in Brazil. So, and then I moved here in 2008 And I haven't Been Back ever since. I, I want you to take that trip and I want you to sell his truck. And I want you to pay off your credit cards before you do it. And I want you guys to get on a budget and make your money behave.


'cause all you're doing is throwing all the money in a pile and then wondering why it burns. You're not making this money. Behave. He makes really good money for you guys to be this broke, doesn't he? She didn't like my answer. Just gone in a poof. A little puff of smoke there. But that's the truth. If you really wanna go on this trip, what are you willing to do? What are you willing to give up? And that might mean the truck gets sold yesterday. 'cause that's a lot of truck that gets you outta debt real quick. Use your savings plus sell the truck. You're outta debt this year. Ta almost like we've done this before. Book the trip by Christmas if you do it that way.


But I think we found the problem. Don't know that he's gonna want to get rid of that truck. That's the next job. Oh, this is growing up thing. It's hard. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships, red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships, but all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash RAMSEY radio to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ RAMSEY Radio.


Hey guys, Dr. John Maloney here. Finding time to intentionally connect with your spouse can be hard. That's why I'm excited to announce that Money and Marriage Getaway is back. Hang out with me and Rachel Cruz. November 6th through eighth in Nashville, Tennessee, you'll learn practical tools to better communicate, deepen your intimacy and more. Plus we'll dig into your questions with live q and as. Early bird tickets start at $749. But hurry, prices are going up soon in, this will sell out. Get yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


George Kamel, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Matt and Kate are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Hey. Hi. We're doing great. Welcome. Good to have you. Where do you live? We, Oh, sorry. North. North Indianapolis. Okay, fun. Welcome to Nashville. Good to have you. Thanks. How much debt have you? Two paid off, 112,500. All Right. Way to go. And how long did this take? About 10 and a half months. 10 and a half months. Wow. And your range of income during that time? 144,000 to 177,000. Nice. Jump in one year. Yeah. Yes. Oh yeah. What do you guys do for a living? I work for the United States Postal Service And I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist.


Awesome. Way to go guys. What kind of debt was the one? 13 Two Auto loans and student debt loans. Ah, most of it's student? Yes. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. The majority student. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Wow. So how long you guys been married? 12 years. Yes. So after 11 years you look up and say something's gotta change. That's About Right. Yeah. And you run into us. Tell us the story. How did this all happen? Yeah. Well, in the summer of 2023, we just bought a new home. Oh. And we were in the process of remodeling and thankfully he's really good at that. Oh yeah. So things were going very smoothly, but he enjoys remodeling a lot more than I do. So I needed something to distract me as we were tearing up floors and we talked a little bit about our finances and feeling like we needed to get things on track a little better.


And so I started listening to The Ramsey Show as we were doing processing, like work in the house at home. The old podcast sneak room. Oh yeah. Yes. It worked for us. So you just low key brainwashed him into going, you don't need to do this debt thing. We make good money. Why are we paying these payments? That's Right. Yeah. I was like, you should listen to this. And he had a little, a little hesitation at first. Oh, well he was working. He was working Exactly. Had a lot on his mind. Yeah. But then once he started listening, he really got like motivated Gazelle intent so fast. Oh Yeah. I listened to the book on the way to work and then just got hooked. And yeah, There Was, Within a couple days we were on a car lot and he was trading in his Jeep Gladiator for a Chevy Sonic. Yeah.


Whoa. Yeah. That's a big guy in a sonic. Yes. Origami. I, I fit myself into it most days. Takes a couple of folds. Yeah, it does. Yeah, just a little bit. Yeah. That sacrifice right there. Oh yeah. Way to go. You went from like no urgency to a thousand percent Urgency. Yeah. Way off the charts. Yeah. Way off the Charts. It's, it's over in a blink of an eye, you're debt free. Absolutely. A like little bit of sacrifice for a little bit of time for such long-term gain. Oh yeah. Yeah. Was it worth it? 100%. Absolutely. Yes. I mean, you gave up the gladiator Worth. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. It was okay. Yeah. You did it fast. I mean yeah. You parted on the calls, that's pretty cool. Yeah.


So as a marriage family therapist, you just wish your clients would embrace the principles that quickly and with that intensity. Yeah. I mean that shared vision that we had, right. Like I've seen how important that is in marriages and us being able to unite on this was so strengthening for us too. So I would love for people to be able to experience that in their marriage. Yeah. I mean, if you told 'em to go do something and then they did it with that kind of intensity is what I'm talking about. Oh, Yes. That's a hundred percent True. And you're healed. Yes. And Jewish. Yes. And I assume, you know, you have some great stories to share from being in the trenches and how this has helped your marriage and got you guys on the same page and Yeah. Probably feel invincible now. You're like, what area of our life can't we affect? Yeah. And that's, that's exactly what it is. It's just like what, you know, we can do anything.


We can't. We do, we can do anything now. It's A very come at me bro mentality. Yeah. Yeah. I love very much so. Yeah. Wow. Good for you guys. Well done. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, well done. How's it feel to be free? Amazing. Just, yeah, just amazing. Just, it just felt so like, you don't feel like how bogged down you are by the debt until it's gone. It's gone. Gone. What was the, what was the biggest sacrifice? The hardest thing. Getting Rid of the gladiator. Yeah. That was that. I was, yeah, that was, that was probably it. Yeah. Yeah. We had to lower our lifestyle. Right. We hadn't even noticed how much it had creeped up in some ways. And going from school pickup line in a Jeep gladiator to a Chevy Sonic has a little bit of a different feel to It. A little. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit of different feel, But, but none of those people in that line are paying your bills.


Exactly. No, they're not. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. That I have to remind myself that I'm like, Hey, you know what, I don't need that payment. Yeah. You know, this car gets me A to B Well, and you're sitting in that line looking and you're going and you got a payment. And you got a payment. Absolutely. And you got a payment. Absolutely. Yeah. You quit looking at cars the same. It's like Very true. I'm no longer impressed with you people. I feel sorry for you. Yes. Yeah. It's Very cool. So you still have the sonic, what's the game plan here? I just Run it to, the wheels fall off. I travel for work a little bit, so I'm like, it gets great gas mileage, so I'm just gonna keep it. And I'm like, Hey, it's paid for. So, and Once it breaks down, you'll have the cash Yeah. To replace it. That's, that's what a Peaceful way To live. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's amazing.


Yeah. What do you tell people the key to getting outta debt is Just shared vision and goals. Is this Yeah. You gotta have the same goals to get through it. Yeah. I would say like the EveryDollar app, like having that conversation every month about what we wanted our money to do and just being really united on that. And just like the vision of wanting this to be something that ripples beyond us to like our children, like us wanting to involve them, us wanting them to see the process. So hopefully they avoid the decisions we made that made it really easy for us to feel that momentum. Yeah. No. So they weren't like damaged by the No, no. I think they're Okay. They're not, they don't need counseling themselves. I don't Think So.


We need a little shirt to say I survived baby step two because there are, There are actual Facebook groups of angry teenagers. I'm just saying the, I hate Dave Group or whatever. Yeah. My parents went on this Dave Ramsey thing. I don't have a life. Yeah. Thankfully we got them when they were younger, So we avoid That. I, well mom's a therapist, so you can handle any trauma that comes your Way. You can bring it in, bring it in house. Yeah. I like it. Good for y'all. Well done. Thank you. Proud of you. Thank you. Well thanks. Who was cheering you on as you went? Just friends and family. Yeah. Yeah. We had a small circle, but they were very vocal and that was amazing. Yeah. We kept it pretty small because we wanted the voices to be people who were encouraging us and the friends who were there alongside us made it just so helpful.


Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. If you get the circle too big, you get a loud mouth in there. Yeah, That's true. Yeah. That's good. Way to go, guys. Proud of you. All Right, bring the kiddos up. Let's introduce them names and ages. So this is Livy. She is nine and this is Jane. She's seven. All Right, beautiful. Hey, they look like they're okay. I believe they're gonna make it. Yeah, I think So. I think they're good. Matter of fact, their mom and dad changed their family tree. I'm pretty sure they're gonna make it's right. You guys are heroes. We're proud of you. Thank you. Well, thanks. It's honor to meet you. Thank you for coming down to Nashville and sharing your story. Thank, It's awesome. We got a couple of gifts for you. We got two EveryDollar subscriptions good for a year. So you can use them, pass 'em along to someone else to give them some hope to do this journey too.


Awesome. Awesome. You, when someone asks how you did this, you can show 'em. Yeah. Here You go. There we go's the tool to do you go. Perfect. Matt and Kate Livy and Jane, Indianapolis, Indiana. 113,000 paid off in 10 and a half months making 1 44, 2 1 77. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free screen. Ready? 3, 2, 1. Where debt Free. Free. That's awesomeness right there. I guess there is hope Dave. If I was, I've been reading the headlines. Everything's so tough. Inflation. And yet here's this couple who goes, nah, we're gonna do our own thing.


Mic Drop. That's just wild how that works. So you've been doing this 30 something years and there's been debt free screams every year, regardless of what's happening in the economy. Every Week. Every week for a long, long time. And you know, they did it in 10 and a half months. The other couple had 260,000 in a different hour, five and a half years. So sometimes it's fast, sometimes it's slow. Sometimes they're make a lot of money, sometimes they don't make a lot of money. But in every case, they just looked up and said, I'm in control of my destiny and I'm not going to let these financial companies, student loans and cars and credit card companies and SoFi and whoever else control my life anymore.


Mm. I'm not gonna, I'm, I don't, I'm not gonna be in control of some stupid bank. I'm gonna get, I work too hard to be this broke. And it it's fabulous. It's fabulous. And they just, you know, they're, they're remodeling a house, scraping up some tile and turn on a podcast and go, okay, let's do it. And other people, we beat on 'em for 10 years and can't get 'em to do. It. Takes A long time to get to that point. Yeah. They just flipped a switch went, I'm not, yeah. This is what we do. That makes sense. Let's do it. Let's do it. That's simple. Let's do it. And the faster you get to that inflection point, the better off the rest of your life is gonna be. Oh, Absolutely. So do What it takes to get angry. Good. Yeah. That's how that works. Wow. Good work guys.


Good work. We're proud of you. This is The Ramsey Show.


Running a business is freaking hard. It's easy to get caught up in the daily challenges and fears that keep you stuck. That's why I want you to reserve your copy of our new book, build a Business You Love, where we share the proven system that helped us break through those challenges and build Ramsey Solutions from a card table in my living room to a $250 million company in the process. When you pre-order today, you're gonna get more than $350 in bonuses for free, including an enhanced audio audiobook experience, early access to the Build a business you love, ebook and instant access to our hiring playbook so you can start transforming your business right now. Build a business you love, the essential guide for every business owner like you that wants to grow yourself, lead your team, and scale your business. To reserve your copy, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


George Kamel, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thanks for hanging out with us.


Hey, you don't wanna miss our two night virtual event that George and I are doing. It's called Investing Essentials. Investing can be overwhelming, it can be confusing, and it's not something you could get in a th 62nd social media post or worse, a 32nd TikTok post. But at this virtual event, we're gonna walk you through details. We're gonna nerd out how to maximize your 401k, your mutual funds, all investment types. We're gonna talk through, we're gonna give you some principles for selecting good investments and avoiding bad ones. And then it's a two night event, two hours each night. We're gonna take emails from you, George, and I'll bounce back and forth between emails, between some teaching, we're gonna do some discussions we're gonna have, it's gonna be really interactive and a lot of fun. The second night will be largely real estate. I'm gonna open my real estate portfolio and my, at least some of the portfolio and, and my playbook. How do I do real estate? And I bought and sold real estate for years. I own several hundred million dollars worth of real estate. So if you're interested in real estate investing, we're gonna go into it at a, at a different level than most people can, and at a different level than you've ever seen me do. So I've only done this one other time. So check it out, get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Click the link in the show notes if you're on podcast or YouTube, the Investing essentials event. It is coming up March 4th and fifth. And George, you've got some stuff you're adding to it that we didn't do last year. Yeah. We're gonna really get into the weeds with choosing mutual funds, different investment traps. And on top of that, Dave, you know, we think about 199 bucks. If I was, if Dave Ramsey said, Hey, I'll coach you up for essentially 50 bucks an hour, we, there would be a line out the door. So this is a great value to just really pick your brain when it comes to real estate. And I'll be the proxy for the audience anytime I go, Hey Dave, you nerd it out a little too hard. Unpack that for us. So I'll be there to help translate a lot of the, the lingo for the people out there to go, this is the right way to do it from a guy who's actually done it. There we go. And a guy who's on his way. You know, I'm, I'm not, I'm not hundreds of millions in real estate, but I do own a single home. That's a win. That's a win. Free and clear. That's right. So there you go.


Shane is with us in Richmond, Virginia. Hi Shane, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, good afternoon guys. I had a quick question and hopefully you guys can be like the deciding factor in my family. I was wondering, I'm rolling pretty fast here with trying to kick down my debt and I was wondering, should I sell my car, use the proceeds, maybe get like a beater and then, you know, use the rest of the money, kind of pay off the last little bit of student debt that we have. How much left do you have of We got about 5,600 left for the student debt. My car, I owe like 14 on it and I'm thinking I probably make between five and eight grand like private sale of my vehicle.


Do you, do you like the car? I mean, I, it's a Tesla so I know George might be a little biased on this, but I I yeah, I enjoy the vehicle. I you're selling It five grand. That's all you could get for it. Well, well I that's what I would get off Above, above the, yeah, The profit you'd Make, you'd get 19. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Heck yeah. The, okay, it, what's your household income? We make about 185 If you like the car, I would not sell it. You do not need to sell it to get outta debt. You're make enough money to get outta debt. If you wanna sell the car anyway, that's fine.


But this is not a fire situation where you have too much car for your income or net worth or You call me up making 70 grand. You owe 56 K on your F-150. I'm selling your stupid truck. Okay. Okay. Because that's out of control. But you, you owe $14,000 and you make 185. Stroke it, man. Pay it off if you like the car. Yeah, if you wanna sell the car anyway and knock this stuff out, that's fine. And, but, but, but do you need to sell the car to get out debt? No, you do not. You need to tighten your budget. Right? Yeah. I mean, my wife doesn't want me to, and I, me and my, my little cute frenchie over here is like sell it. Oh, you got a french bulldog too?


Are we twins? Shane, You you have a french bulldog that talks keep that He talks. Maybe sell that one. You get a pretty penny talking french bulldog. Keep That. That's, that's Valuable. Sell the dog. Yeah. What what make and model and year is the Tesla. It's a 20 model three, the long range dual motor all wheel drive. Yeah. That's a great vehicle. And unless you have a severe change in income, I would just keep it in aggressively pay it off. You Didn't say you hate the car. Okay. And you, the money does the, the numbers you're giving us are not dictating selling the car. So this Is worth of celebrating number one. Dave Ramsey didn't tell you to sell the car. Number two, he let you keep a Tesla. This will go down in history. I, I I just said do what you want to do.


That's all. I said I didn't, it wasn't a re your life. It wasn't a Tesla endorsement. George, don't get all hoppy here. I got excited. I gotta take a win when I Get one. I know. I saw it plugged in next to my truck outside, so I'm just saying. Sorry about that. I like to push your buttons. I know. Why do you park next to me if you're car, if you're the one To your parking space next to the electric charging that's on you? Well, That's actually on the person who designed the building, which will be Rachel's husband. Okay. Ken is in Spokane, Washington. Hey Ken. What's up? Well, hi Dave. First time caller. Sure. Thanks for taking my call. Our pleasure. How can we help? So my mom has a reverse mortgage.


She is 91 years old Wow. Has been in the reverse mortgage for a long time. And So we are concerned as kids what our liability may be in the event when, when it comes none. But basically we have to do deal with it. Okay. Zero. Zero. The only liability is that it's a lien against the house. If you get ready to sell the house, the loan has to be paid off, but so does a regular mortgage. Okay. So I mean, if she passes away and the kids sell the house, they're gonna, you're gonna pay off the loan as if you had a regular mortgage. But they, there's a lien against the house, but you personally don't have a debt. And I'm hoping that the house is worth way more than the balance on the reverse.


It's not supposed to go over 65%. LTV. There's, there's probably about 40 to 50,000 in equity in it right now. Yeah. Okay. The, the loan is at about two 50. Wow. It's probably worth creep up. So the house ain't gone down in value. It's not done well. Okay. Well it's, there's 17 years into the reverse Mortgage. Yeah, but it's still not supposed to be, it still shouldn't be over 65% loan to value if it's structured right. Okay. But anyway, it, it is obviously, but yeah, so you would sell the house and put 40,000 bucks in the heirs pocket and pay off the reverse. If the house doesn't get sold and it gets foreclosed on, none of you are liable.


But you would lose the house. Right. That the, he that's the, the estate would lose the house. There's Just less and less to inherit as time goes on. So that's really what you're looking at here. But you're not liable unless your name's on that mortgage. Did any of you that's, did any of you sign for it? No, none of us Did. Okay, then, then, then what we told you is correct. You're, you're not liable for someone else's debt, even if they're kin to you, period. The only exception would be a husband or a wife. And in some cases there's some common law in some states. But, but in, you know, if, if your parents out there, if you folks listening, your parents pass away and they've got $2 million worth of debt, unless you signed for it, you're not liable.


Those people are just not gonna get paid Unless, unless The burden falls onto the estate of that Person. Yeah. Yeah. When the, when you die, your estate is what you own minus what you owe. And if there's not enough to pay what you owe with what you own, the bank shouldn't have made that loan and they're gonna lose their money because the, that's a risk they took. The, the heirs, the children, the grandchildren are not liable in America. Period. That's simple. Now, in the 60 seconds that we have, reverse mortgages suck. If a financial product is being sold between Snuggies and Walk-in Bathtubs, you're watching a TV show that is catering to elderly people and they're selling you crap like gold and like stupid reverse mortgages with washed up actors that are ancient.


They're older than the person they're trying to sell it to. And so, sorry, sorry for the insult to my, I I have great admiration for Magnum pi, but, but no, don't, don't do it. Don't do it don't, don't buy a reverse mortgage. It is one of the worst financial products on the market today, period. Under no circumstances do a reverse mortgage. Huge fees, bad interest rates. Foreclosure rate is eight times the national average on traditional mortgages. Do not do reverse mortgages. Hope I wasn't unclear. This is The Ramsey Show.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life and to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to growth. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.