
Hey guys, black Friday week is here with five days of deals starting at just $12. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to check them out.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, number one, bestselling author, couple times over and host of The Dr. John Delony. Show RAMSEY Personality is my cohost today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. Madison is with us to start off this hour in Atlanta, Georgia. Hi Madison, welcome to the show. Hi Dave. Hi John.


Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I'm in a predicament that I've actually made myself. I got married, second marriage for both of us, not quite six years ago. And at that time I had been through a pretty bad divorce and had a pretty traumatic first marriage. So definitely was healing from that and met this wonderful man, so nice to me and kind to me. And I just fell head over heels in love with him. I knew he was broke. I knew he didn't have any money and that that just didn't matter to me.


He was just so nice to me. And, I loved being treated nice. So we got married. I did have him sign a prenup because I was expecting to inherit a large amount of money from my parents' estate at some point. I hadn't at that time, but I knew that that would be in the future. And so he did sign a prenuptial agreement and didn't have any problems with that. However, I started our relationship with just paying all the time. I, I paid for everything. We'd go out for dinner, I would pay, I already had a, a place where I lived that I paid for and you know, et cetera, et cetera. So, I.


I understand how I've kind of set a pattern. And at the time it didn't bother me. And, you know, I might want, I also wanna add, this man's a Christian man. He knows the word of God. You know, we really, I really have put this in God's hands and asked for his help. But I just, I just can't figure out where, why, there's just, there's no spirit of generosity with, with him. He just, I've brought up several times, you know, can you please pitch in, just kick in. I don't expect half and half. I have plenty of money. I don't, I don't need his money. It's just on principle. Just, I just need to know that I'm not just the only one that's supporting us.


I feel like I'm, I'm the breadwinner on. So he, he doesn't earn an income. He, he did. We are both retired now. He does not have any retirement. He, how old Are you Guys? I'm 60. He's 64. Okay. He took, he took social security early. He was working at that time. And then when you stay, when you start taking Social security, you, you're, you can only work so many hours. You can only make so much money. So that knocked his out, you know, availability down to where he really couldn't work very much. But since then, we've both retired and relocated. And So what Do you feel like the core question is?


I, I think I'm just trying to figure out if, if I'm being taken advantage of, is this just something where I'm, I'm being, you know, I've brought something up several times. And, I, just nothing changes. Nothing. It just stays the same. And I don't know if I, well, I guess what my next step should be as far Hold on this. This is, this isn't a money issue. This is a respect issue. You don't respect the man that you're married to because like, I I, I bring home, I I I bring home a quote unquote income to the house. But my wife, my god almighty, if she disappeared, the house would go away.


So I don't look at her and say, wow, you're not contributing to this thing. And I'm paying for dinner all the time because my money is our money. Right, right. And, and the home that she keeps and runs and her small business, like, that's ours too. But there's a mutual respect there. Right. So this doesn't have to do with money. And you mentioned earlier you don't want a thing, you don't want your marriage to be where you're paying for everything. It is. That is the world you set up. So yeah, the only thing you can do from this point forward is to create something new. But this is a respect issue. This isn't a, I just need him to pitch in issue.


Have you, have you been very clear about what you need or has it been a ah, you know, like, man, I sure am paying for a lot. And he might be thinking, well, yeah, it's our money. Yeah. Have you been very clear with him? I am. I'm not, no. I'm, I'm very afraid of confrontation. I get very nervous about talking about something like this, about running. And then you end up in resentment land because you spend a ton of time Right. Having imaginary conversations in your head, don't you? Yes. Oh, I do. All The time. That's cruel and unfair to him And doubt. Yeah. Yes. So if you're going to be mad, it kind Of hard on your brain too. Yeah. If, if, if, if you're gonna be mad at him, he at least deserves to know what he could do. Give him a path back to relationships.


'cause right now he married somebody with a lot of money and he might think he's fulfilling his duties as your husband by being the fun loving guy that just whatever, whatever partner in a pear tree, he needs to know you don't respect him. Yeah, I do. I do love him. and I don't want, I don't want anything to end. I don't want What does he need to do to be a person that you would respect? 'cause he doesn't need to work. You guys are retired. No, No. It's not a retired, it's not a work ethic thing. No. What is it that He is supposed to do that makes him valid in your mind? I think just pitching in and say I don't know.


A thousand dollars a month. Something, something. So. I not what it's him from, Not the only one from where's he got money from. He has social security money and he gets other money from So You guys don't have your finances combined at all? We do have a joint checking account, but he's never put any money in it. So no I mean, But does he have an avenue to do that? He could, yeah. He he could, he could put money in there. Yeah, because he's on the, he's on the account. But if he's looking at your vast amount of money in that account and he looks at his piddly, his piddly government check. Yeah. See what I'm saying? Like, he needs to know And, I. I get, I I think he's gonna put a thousand dollars in that account and that's not what the issue's gonna be.


Yeah. If he started depositing a thousand dollars a month in that account, you'd be right back here in six months. I don't know if I would be I, don't I? It's really, it's to me, it's like you just said, it's not about money. It's more about respect. And I think because this has gone on for so long and you know, I've allowed it to go on so long and this pattern's been set. Now I wanna rewrite the rules, I guess. Well, since y'all are married, y'all get to rewrite 'em together. Right. And So I think it's a matter of sitting down and having a conversation and say, Hey, we've been married for a few years. I need you to do this. Right. To have me have positive, respectful feelings towards you And what can I do for you so that you can have positive, respectful feelings towards me.


Yes. Yeah. Let's put all of that on the table. Let's give each other a chance for success. Yeah. A hundred percent of what you don't say he can't hear. Right? Yeah. I've been married 43 years. I'm still working on That, Dave. I am too, man. I am too. The things that our insurance had that I have never heard are amazing. But you're in trouble for 'em. I'm always in trouble. You better fix 'em. What's Wrong? Nothing. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health, plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Thanks for joining us America. Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. We appreciate you guys hanging out. Hey, if you like what you hear around here, we could use your help. Please help us subscribe. Click the subscribe button, click the share button or share a link or tell somebody where you're listening or watching or whatever it is. You're YouTubing or TBN or whatever it is you're doing. You know, Spotify, right? Apple Podcast, whatever it is. Maybe you're listening on radio station out there. Thank you. Just share and leave us a five star review, please. We'd appreciate it very much. Shay is with us. Shay is in Daytona. Hi Shay. Hi. Hi. So just to cut right to the chase, I just took out my first student loan ever.


Super nerve wracking. It's for my master's in social work and it's about 45,000. That's without the interest. So I'm just trying to figure out what's a great path to start on that. Like how to tackle it super fast. 'cause I don't wanna be with this debt for like 10 years. You just took out your first loan for a semester, or you just finished a degree program and you have $45,000 in the hole? No, so it's, I it's six, it's like 6,000 a semester, but they just gave it all to me at once. So it's 40 grand, 45 grand is what they gave me at once. Who's they? I've never heard of that ever. It it's financial aid.


fafsa. fafsa. So they just cut you a check and deposit it for $45,000? Well, not into my bank. It goes strictly to my school and then they start paying it that way. So it's already given to my school and my school just takes it out each Time. Okay. So you're starting your master's and you just finance the whole thing? Well, I, I Here Dave, I bet what's happened is I bet they have, you've been approved for the entire program. I bet they don't have a check for 40. I bet your university doesn't have a check for $45,000. 'cause they wouldn't prepay like that. 'cause you could quit, you can drop out. It could be a whole thing. But my guess is you were approved for the program and the school gave you a letter that said you've qualified for $45,000 in federal aid and every semester you're gonna have to re-up and re-up and re-up and re-up.


Okay. That's my guess as to what happened. I've, I've never heard the, You're, you're just starting your master's. Yes. That's And You're $45,000 to get a master's in social work to make what kind of money? Not enough. It's about 90 grand. Which would be salary or Yeah, the salary for it. There's no way you'll make 90 grand. That's the, that is the salary in Florida for it. Where Right now I work at a hospital And this a starting social worker with A-L-M-S-W makes $90,000 Not starting out.


No, but I've been doing social work and case management and all that stuff for years. So with the experience, and once I get it, they're going, I'm already making fifties Okay. Right now. So they're bumping it up. Wow. I've, I that's, that's extraordinary. I'm good for them because that's, that's a, that's a field that needs more people that drastically is, is usually underpaid. I would, I as a, as a guy who's I've taught graduate school and mental health programs, I've lived this world, what I would plead to you is to, you make $50,000 a year, I would cut back for the next three years and cash flow this program. Please, please, please don't chain yourself to the federal government and then try to go into a serving profession.


It's a recipe for burnout. And you're gonna, it, it's just gonna melt you from the inside out. Please don't do this. Yeah. Yeah. That was one of my big fears. It's just like I don. I definitely don't want it lingering for so long too. And when it comes to money I, don't I don really bad anxiety. The way, the way it doesn't linger is you don't take it. Don't take it. Don't take the check. Yeah. Pay cash for your degree is what John's saying. $6,000 a semester. Go pay it. Okay. Outright for the three semesters, plus your 3000 hours, whatever you have To do. Your hospital not got any financial matching for education. Not No, because I'm not a nurse. They only have it for nurses. Okay. And what enticed me to it was because they said at first that they would, and then when I got here, they said, oh, sorry.


No, it's just for nurses. Yeah. I'd find another place to work too. While you're at it. I'm serious. A hundred percent serious. If they're gonna, if they're gonna lure you in and then they're gonna bait and switch you, I'd, I, that's just a, that's a company without integrity, I wouldn't work for 'em. Gotcha. And I know this is a radical shift, but I would go to the school and say, Hey, I need my semester by semester cost. And they're probably gonna tell you, well, it depends if you take six or nine hours, whatever, and say, what is, what is a full-time and what a part-time student gonna cost? And then you make $50,000 a year until you find another job where you'll make 60. I want you to cash flow this program. So What we're trying to tell you is that uneasy feeling inside of you when you're called is real. It's right. And it's telling you don't do this and we're telling you it's right.


Don't do it. The best way to get this degree is pay cash for it. And, you know, look for someone, maybe another, maybe another employer that pays 90 when you're out, but also will help with the education like this one promised. But it was reneged on. And so let, let's do a couple things here that are pretty radical, but if you kind of just, you, you sound pretty chill. And if you kind of just allow all this to happen to you, it's gonna step on your face. Don't allow this to happen. You need to stand up, square your shoulders and head straight into this with your teeth. You know, with, with a warrior yell, girl I mean you need to get after it. John's in Jackson, Mississippi. Hey John, welcome to The. Ramsey Show.


Hey Dave. How's it Going? Better than I deserve. What's up? I have a question about getting a FBA loan to purchase a business. What's your thoughts on that? Is Never, Never, Never under any circumstances. Okay. It's a disaster. Why would you buy a, why would you buy a business, a small business? Well, So I travel 10 months outta the year and my wife stays at home with kids and it's a taxing life. Yeah. And we're trying to find a happy medium for everybody. Yeah. And we stumbled what we think is a good opportunity per se. And we just, What is, what is the industry that the business you're looking at is in Making signs.


Okay. And how much is the purchase Approximately one point Million dollars. Yes, sir. For a signed franchise. It's not a franchise. It's a person that started the business and He is looking to retire. Okay. Alright. Let me give you a different way to skin this cat maybe. Okay. But let me, 80% of small businesses fail in the first five years. Okay. The number one cause of small business failure. When we survey them and we work with 10,000 small businesses in entree leadership right now is what's called cash flow problems.


Cash flow problems is a, a phrase that means a lot of things, but it primarily means two things. I can't pay my debt payments And. I didn't pay my taxes on time. and I get screwed by the federal government. And so you're gonna have 1,000,002 floating around around your neck trying to drag you down while you're trying to run a business. This guy's already been running for a few years and that's like trying to swim with an anchor tied around your ankle. It's a bad plan. So let's go at this a different way. What is the net profit on his business? He pays himself a salary, but No, what's the net profit on the business On the average over the last four years is around 250.


Okay. 1,000,002 is a little rich. Yeah. Okay. We, we know that part of it. We're just, we're in the beginning process. We're trying to figure out, So here's how, here's how I've taught. Some people who hand the business to the next generation and wanna be bought out or they haven't to the employee or an employee or a buyer like you that wanna be bought out. I don't want you to get payments on 1,000,002 and fauci decide we're having another quarantine. Me Neither. Okay. That'll put you into bankruptcy court, sir. It did A bunch of people and 'cause nobody making signs. They were making plexiglass, but they weren't making signs. So you were screwed if that was, if you'd done this two years ago.


So learn a lesson from that. Okay. Now what you can do is agree to pay him 80 or 90% of the profits after you take a basic small salary out until he gets his million. And about a million's about what it's worth. But if you made 250,000 a year on it and you gave him 90% of it, you'd have him paid out in four and and a half years Versus getting a loan per Se. Exactly. And he'd get his money really, really fast that way. But you're living on a, a, a wage to get till you get him off your back. But if profits go down, you're only committed to give him a percentage of profits. So you're not, you're not bankrupt then SBA will come take your house, dude.


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Hey guys, we would love your help and if you'd like to help us, here's how you can, pretty simple doesn't cost you a thing, but a few moments of your time, subscribe to this show. When you're listening on podcast or YouTube, click the follow button or the subscribe button, whatever it is. Make sure you share the show. And that can be clicking a share button or it could be that you clip the link and send it to somebody and say, Hey, listen to this show. Make sure you leave a five star review. Hit the likes. All those kinds of things like that really help drive the algorithms that push the show to the front of the various platforms that we're on. And we're on almost everything. So thank you for being there.


We appreciate you. We know that there's a bazillion of you new in the past six months based on our numbers and our data analytics and so forth. Thank you for showing up. We're glad you're here. But help us by sharing, subscribing, following, and leaving five star reviews. Justin is in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Hey Justin, welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hey, thank you Dave and John, it is awesome to talk to y'all. I'm excited. Absolutely. How can we help? So my wife, And, I are on baby step two. And we're trying to get really gazelle intense to pay off our debt. And I wanted to see if you and Dr. John could speak to the physical and mental challenge of working 80 to 90 hours a week on the physical side being like, you know, fatigue, lack of sleep.


And on the mental side, you know, your mind just telling you to call it a day when you still need to grind out, you know, those last few hours to make a really good week. Why are you losing sleep? You have plenty of sleep time left. Well, I guess like, you know, a day you, you work 16 hours and you have, you know, an hour commute and you know, eating and stuff like that. You may get, you know, five to six and on a longer day, you know, you may get four hours of sleep. I often see folks try to continue the life they were living before they went Gazelle, I intenses. And they tried to squeeze it in. Meaning I used to watch all the shows. Well, now I have to just watch my two and there's an hour right there or there's an hour and a half.


And, I want to go to every single little league game. Well, during Gazelle intensity, you're gonna probably have to miss some games because you gotta work some shifts and that's okay 'cause you're playing a longer game. But I would wonder how much, how much all in are you? Yeah, the, the the if there's some of that and, and yeah, check your actual time audit on where your actual hours are going. Number one then s sleep is necessary to, the second thing though is, is you're not asking yourself to do this long term. This is a short sprint. Right. It's not a, it's not, this is not sustainable for five years.


Yes sir. And that's not what we're asking ourselves to do. And I got a feeling just in talking to you, that you have done in the past maybe in in sports or something else, you've done something where you stretched yourself to a limit. And if you ha if you're a person who's done that, you've experienced what with any of us that have done that physical or mental or otherwise, you never return to the same shape after that. That that's the benefit of the stretch. Yes sir. I have, God has really blessed me with a body that can handle a lot. Yeah. And so, you know, once you've done a half marathon, you've done a marathon, you've done a, whatever the the thing is that pushed you physically and mentally or whatever, then you, it changes your level of confidence.


It changes the way your swagger, the way you look at the world after that because you accomplish the goal and, and you know, you break the tape and you, and you go on through. So that, that's the way that I have done it, is I, number one, I look at it as a short term play. And so it's not gonna kill me. 'cause right before you die from hard work you pass out, don't worry about it. I mean it's okay. So, but the so it's not gonna kill me. Yes, sir. And, and it's short term. And, and then the second thing is, is that I'm gonna get more benefits than just the money. In this case, you're, you're doing it to make a lot of money to get outta debt. Okay. But the, I'm gonna get buter benefits, emotional, psychological, spiritual benefits, even relational benefits because as a couple we now know we can do things we didn't know we could do before as an individual.


I now know I can do that because before I do. And it gives me a different level of, well, if I can do that, then I can do another thing. And if I can do that, then I can do another thing. And that's, that's what this is. Versus being the typical fat American sitting on their couch watching Netflix and never stretches themselves at all. And Justin, yes sir. There's some incredible neuroscience that is obviously this doesn't, you can't, you can't game them or hack this system, but you've known people who get under a squat bar and they feel that weight and they get that weird smile. And there's been people who get under that bar and it's like, ah, too heavy. And they get off. Right. One of those people says, this pain is gonna be worth this.


Watch this. Yeah. And the other person says, I need to opt out of this pain right now. And so there's, it's the, your mindset as you're driving home, you can be like, I'm so tired, I hate all this. This is the worst. I'm so tired. I just clicked another click. How Long you been married? We've been married five years. How's she doing with all this? That's interesting you asked that. One of the other kind of hard things for me is like say that she has a day off and I'm at work, you know, when it's those last few hours when I still got, you know, four hours left and I'm already tired and she sends me a text like, you know, I miss you ready to see you. I'm thinking myself. I'm like, man, I'm ready to see you too.


I wanna come home. But I'm like, you know, I need to stay here another few hours. Yeah. It's like, I know you lost 50 pounds, but here's some fresh baked cookies. But also, also, again, that's your mindset, bro. 'cause she's reaching out saying, I want you to know I'm not at work with you, but I'm in this with you. Right. And it's real easy for you to be like, oh yeah, you know what I mean? And so yeah, do your best to I mean you're all into short sprint. I do do your best to roll that out. And So the good news is she's not, she's not whining about it. She's Not going, ha ha ha Oh yeah, you never, you're never home with me. Why aren't you ever home with me? She's not doing that to you. She just saying, man, I miss you. I wish you were here because I, I'm Yeahm married to a country girl. It's a hillbilly. And if, if they learned one thing at her house growing up, it was unbelievable hard work.


She has no patience for people that won't work hard, especially if it was her husband. And So, I got the opposite, sir. I'm like, get your butt out here and get this mess cleaned up. What's wrong with you? You know? And so it was, she kicked me out the door, you know, and so yeah, occasionally now when I don't need to work, she's like, would you go to work and get away? You know, it's like, and so, you know, so the, but she, but that So I had the benefit of a spouse that was beyond supportive. Supportive is not the correct term. Right. She supported you with her foot. With her foot In your butt. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. But I mean, you know, in your case, you've got a sweet one that's being sweet and saying, I, I miss you, but I'm proud of you. So you might even tell her that.


Just go, Hey listen, when you do that, it it, it makes me not angry with you, but it makes me angry with this whole situation. It makes it hard work five more hours. So if you would do that and just add to the end of it, I'm proud of you. You got this, it sure would help me. Well, When my wife was pregnant with Josephine after she had, we had had Hank she gave me a list. It was just not a long list, but it was a short list. But she gave me a list of questions I was not allowed to ask in the hospital. And when she was in labor, And I said, why did you do this? And she said, because I know you love me. And I know you're gonna ask, how are you feeling? Does that hurt? Are you okay? Do you need anything? And she said, when you ask those questions, It makes me want to strangle you. I want to set my eyeballs on fire.


Just So I don't have to look at your face, Your eyeballs On fire. Right. So she said, I Yeah, the best way you can love me is don't do this. I'll let you know if I need something. Yeah. And So I think for you, just like Dave just said, if you let her know, hey, when you reach out at ah man, I know you're telling me that you're proud of me and you love me, but it just makes me hate being at work. And then, which makes me hate myself and makes me hate all this. Yeah. Can you just text me and say, I'm so proud of you and I'll know that you missed me. When You're, when you're running the stadium stairs, you, you have no memory of doing that. When you look at the scoreboard at the end of the Super Bowl and you won Or you make that catch. Yeah. You have no memory of running the stadium stairs. Y your brain does. Your brain allows you to do the only, the celebration. Justin, you're a stud man.


I'm proud of you. And I think you're gonna be okay. The good news is you're smart enough to talk about it and say, I'm tired. You're smart enough to even take a look. Take, okay, I gotta take a day. I'm done. I gotta take at least a day. I can't breathe you. You know where your limits are. But pushing those limits is not a permanent thing. It's not a way of life. It's a moment in time and the benefits are going to exceed the pain. I can promise you live like no one else so that later you can live and give like no one else.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


So our producer James went through the archives and a thousand years ago when Blake Thompson was producing this show, he actually did a comedy bit called on Detol. John thought I made that up just a few minutes ago. And I couldn't take credit for it. 'cause actually Blake made it up and James found the old comedy bit. Do you have any, does it have a date on it? It doesn't, but I I would believe Early thousand it's gotta 20 plus years. Yeah, it's over 20 years ago. Easy. It was before there was Color on tv, wouldn't it? Alright, here's from, from over 20 years ago. What the The Ramsey Show then called the Dave Ramsey Show might've sounded like Nationally syndicated talk radio host Dave Ramsey has often said that there is no magic pill for getting out of debt.


Well, sorry Mr. RAMSEY. But there is, and it's called Dettol. Dettol is a 100% all natural drug that is guaranteed to control your spending and control your desire to overspend one pill a day. And you will no longer feel the need to spend money you don't have. We have created this drug because we care about you. Dettol, the pill that cares. Minor side effects may include fatigue, headache, my head nervousness, sore throat, explosive diarrhea, insomnia. I can't sleep drowsiness. Okay, stay awake. Horrible nightmares. Oh, gastronomical trauma. Oh My hallucinations.


That rabbit just said my Name. Chronic halitosis. Woo. A slight cough and a runny nose Ol brought to you by the Credit Card Association of America. Credit the easy way. Oh, The show used to be so good. Dave, what happened? Well, we brought on co-hosts and Co-host got rid of Blake, Got rid of Old days and you used to walk uphill both ways In the snow. Yeah, that was probably done on a cassette tape. Actually. I'm trying to think. I know the vo well. The voice on the disclaimer is Blake. The other voice what I think was Bill Hampton. Is Bill Hampton. Yeah. Is it? Okay, so yeah, that's it's over 20 years then.


Yeah. It may be 25 years old. Yeah. That's funny. I don't care who you're still, still works though. Timeless. No, timeless. All right. We'll have five orders on the Ramsey Solutions com Store today will ask for, There'll be one. They Can't find it on the website Pill you guys were advertising. Jordan is in Los Angeles. Hi Jordan, how are you? I'm doing well Dave. Thank you. how Are you doing Better than I deserve. What's up? Yeah, So. I. Just have a couple questions because I'm in just like a constant financial panic, anxiety, worry. A lot of it's stemming from the environment outside of me. I can go into numbers with everything from personally in a bit.


I'll give you a little background. So I. I had like a a, I did have a lot of early success in my late teens, early twenties. I'm now 27 within the entertainment industry and also just working my, my butt off. I've always been a good saver. And then unfortunately Covid hit, which shut down my, every my, my little role I had going on. And then also at the same time I came down with a, with a pretty severe debilitating underlying disease of Cushing's disease, lupus and rheumatoid arthritis that has developed throughout the years. So all of that has just led me to think that what is my future gonna look like?


'cause it's very hard for me to do physical labor. My work right now is pretty limited and I've just been stuck in this rut of I don't want to, I'm anxious to, when I have to spend something as small as like putting 20 bucks in for gas all the way up to my rent. I'm just living in this fear and panic for my future. And I've been trying to think of an income stream because of my ailments. It makes it very difficult and I've always been so outgoing. So that's what's frustrating. 'cause my body is holding me back. I have like that entrepreneur mindset, but I just don't know what it is for me. Jordan, How do you think we can best help you today, son? I, I, I don't know how to manage what to do with the money I currently have.


Okay. What, how much money do you currently have So, I have? I'm incorporated. I incorporated when I was younger after I got a pretty nice job. I have a, in my business checking right now, I have about 24,500. I opened up a business cd, which has about 92,000 in there. I have a checking account of 8,000 right now. I have a savings account of 52,500. I have a checking CD of 40,600. I have, I I, I did have, I wasn't a mutual fund when I was younger and there was some issues with the, the accountant who was advising it.


And so those got liquidated. And during my time when I was young of, I just watch a bunch of videos and of course I bought a bunch of precious metals with a lot of that. How much is that? I have about 40 ounces of gold and 900 ounces of silver, which I believe right now is close to a hundred, a hundred thousand dollars total. Okay. You've got about 400,000 bucks. Are you making any money Currently? And, I? I do also have, I opened up a, a robo advisor in Schwab recently because I just felt like I was just doing nothing with my money. So Money. Do you have a house, man? Where do you live? I, I do, I live in Los Angeles. I'm still renting.


Do you have an income At the moment? I do not. Okay. I'm in sag. I got it. And okay. Yeah, Nobody's working. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. and I would be willing to, might makes it difficult. I would be willing to bet. Just, just friend to friend. You struggle with anxiety when you were younger, right? Started in my late teens. Yes. What's the first time you remember that, that that your body kind of took off on you and it scared you? In terms of my health or my anxiety? YY both because they worked together. Y yeah. Well, about 20 year, 19, 19 years old, my anxiety took off, my health ailments kicked in a couple years later.


Yeah. And that's, and and, and, and again, I don't wanna get over my skis here. And this, this, we could talk for hours on it, but a autoimmune body is a body that is so red lined out that it's been trying to shut you down for a long time. And it will find another way to shut you down. Right. Because it's, it's tired of, it's tired of fighting and swinging and running from everything. And that's what you just described, right? Yeah. And when you struggle with anxiety as a younger kid, it sometimes looks different than it does when you're an adult. But then when you take that angst and then you go put it up on a stage or on a screen and all those voices telling you what to, how to look and what to stand and what you shouldn't do and where you should go, man, that's just a, that's like taking a blender and putting it inside of a, you know, a jet engine right.


And spinning that sucker up. And it doesn't surprise me, a that you've been very, very successful. 'cause you're clearly brilliant and you have been able to keep some of the anxiety demons at bay through achievement and accomplishment in attaboys. And it also doesn't surprise me caught that your body said they caught up. I'm shutting you, I'm shutting you down. They Caught up with you. Yeah. Does that sound familiar? Yeah. And it, oh, very. It's very frustrating. 'cause again, I am, I will work and do whatever I have to do. And right now, Here's what's important. I don't think you're afraid of Work. Yeah. No. You work, Dave's gonna talk to you about the money. I want you to know that if Dave, if you follow Dave's steps and clean up all your money, and that's all you do, you're gonna go with you on that journey.


And you're gonna have cleaned up money and you're gonna have a, an ounce of security there. And then your brain's gonna leapfrog to the next thing. And you know that, right? 'cause it's been leapfrogging on you for years. Yeah. Yeah. So what, what, you've, you, you, while you've been an incredible income earner, and it's apparent that you've done something that had incredible talent. 'cause people paid you a lot of money for it. So what you'd never had in any of these situations is a sense of control. You didn't feel like you're, you felt like e even though you had a big old pile of money, you still didn't feel like it was all in control. And it still today doesn't feel like it's in control. So, I think there's probably a, a two-pronged approach here.


And that would be you called on the perfect day with Dr. John Delony. Here is you getting a sense of control in your life. A sense of the chaos pushed back and you choosing to set up really firm boundaries with a whole bunch of things to say, this is what I do, this is what I don't do. This is what I do, this is what I don't do. And you've got some very clear, kind of a black and white type response to everything. Because you're creative brain allows you to work out about 73 scenarios simultaneously instead of yes or no. And you just need to get real simplified and go to yes or no. And so no, we don't do precious metals.


Let's go ahead and cash those out and get those into cash. No, we don't walk around with no income. So let's try to figure out something we can put our hand to. Yes. We're gonna send you a book called Own Your Past, change Your Future from Dr. John Delony. Read through that because there's a whole lot of what's going on in that book is going on with you. We'll Sit in a building an Unanxious life too. I think that would be a good book for Him. We get it outta here. Yeah. Okay, good. Let's send 'em both of those and throw in a total money makeover book. We'll help you with the money part too, but you, it's controlling the controllables that's gonna get this moving. This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of RAMSEY shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App Store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Dr. John Delony, number one bestselling author, host of The Dr John Delony Show on The Ramsey Network, one of the more popular YouTube and podcasts in America today. He's my co-host Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jennifer is with us in San Antonio, Texas. Hi Jennifer. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thanks for speaking with me today.


Sure. I'm, I really appreciate it as I love you Dave, but I think my question's probably a little more for John, so not to like hurt your ego or anything, but I have I mean, Hey, he's got two PhDs. I just have one mine is in And his ego. Trust me. It's doing just fine. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. My bad. I just, I was like, I never thought I'd call Dave Ramsey show and then not wanna like totally focus on Dave Ramsey and Papa Dave. You know, you're so sweet. You're awesome. Personally, You're sweet. How can we help Papa? I I'll be okay. How can John help? What's up? I'm calling because So I had a bankruptcy in 2021 and you know, I'm debt free and well, I'm debt free after, you know, paying the KGB I mean IRS and, and then I was one of the very few that had their public service.


I, you know, I worked for the federal government. And I was one of very few that had their loans forgiven. I've worked for the federal government for 13 years. And I feel like a lot of shame. I, I feel ashamed about the bankruptcy, but then I also feel a lot shame about the public service for forgiveness in a way. 'cause I I mean I took advantage of the program that was available to me. And I, like, I'm proud of serving the government so long, but I guess I feel a little I don't know. I tell people not to like count on it all the time and that there's, you know, all the data shows that very few people are ever gonna have it happen to them and don't want them to count on it.


You know, I just happen to be in that window where it worked for me. And so it's like I won the lottery, but I'm like ashamed that I won it a little bit. And Yeah. So Jennifer, I feel a lot of shame. Jennifer, I'm actually going to change direction a little bit. Is that okay? Okay. Yeah. When it comes to shame, I can talk about it all day long, but lucky for you, you, you, you have you called a number where there's more than just academic answers. Okay. I actually think the person you talked to is Dave. He's been there. Okay. Well see I have one, what do I know? The two guy, the guy with the PhD doesn't Know what I, I can talk about it, but Dave can talk from a lived experience, which is much more valuable.


So what caused your bankruptcy? Okay, I, you know, I made good money, but I have a disability and I was only going to work like two weeks a month after my brother died. The disability became so extreme, all these medical issues that had come up. So even though I was following the Dave Ramsey plan, like, what, What's, wait a minute. Stop. Stop. What's the nature of your disability, honey? I have major depressive disorder and after my brother died, I became like suicidal and there were, it was real extreme. Okay. And so, And you had, and you had bishop debts that you couldn't pay because of that?


Yes, I was making bare minimum payments and then I went to the bishop to even get help. So for a year, about 18 months, the Bishop And I literally sat down at my church like every month. Like, how can we dig you out of this hole? But the medical bills were still so high that I still couldn't, even though I had this big shovel, the medical bills just kept coming and then I couldn't, I was really struggling to work over and over. Hey, Do me a favor, Jennifer. Yeah. Will you take a real, real, real deep breath as deep as you can. Okay. Sorry. Take it super deep. And I want you to hold it for three, two, exhale.


There's a lot of people in the world that are giving you a lot of advice and running their mouth and telling you should be doing this. And Dave And I are not gonna do that. We're sitting here with you. Okay? Okay. You don't have to, I can, I can hear you trying to outrun the shame in a circle right on the phone with us. You don't have to do that. Okay. Okay. Alright. Here's the thing, we're With you. Okay. When I filed bankruptcy at 28 years old, the reason for my bankruptcy was I had borrowed too much money. I had borrowed it in such a way that it allowed the banks to come and take my freaking head off. Yes. It was my fault.


I don't think a person who has issues with depression becoming depressed after the loss of their brother is something you did wrong. So, I. I, my actions, my actions were shameful. Your actions were not shameful. Well, I feel like the debt actions were shameful that I put myself in such a bad position. You were vulnerable because of that, but you probably would've made it without bankruptcy if you hadn't been unable to work for a period of time. Yeah, the bishop said that actually when we sat down I mean every month. He's like, if you weren't so sick now I think we could help you.


Like he was helping me. Yep. Even with rent, you know, but at one point he said, you know, housing and the, you know, 'cause we're stewards of the Lord's money, you know, he's like, if this is a hand up, not a hammock, he's all, but every month I see that you're putting everything you can Yeah. Into paying He is all but this, I think this might be our only way Out. Okay. So let me ask you this. Yeah. It's obviously the loss of your brother, that tragedy is in the rear view mirror. Are you doing things to deal with the depression issues? Yes. I see. So what I did in my case was, in my case was I did something, some things to deal with my stupidity.


And so I'm not gonna make the same mistakes again. And therefore I don't have to sit and be wring my hands about the shame of the bankruptcy. The bankruptcy in my case was caused by me. So there was shame, it was shame inducing for sure. Okay. But the way I dealt with it, to answer your question was I, I said, okay, how, what steps do I have to take to be a different person that causes this to never happen again? If I take those steps, then the things in my rear view mirror, it's just one of the many stupid things I've done in my life that I don't have to do again. Yeah. And Jennifer, can we agree that sometimes you feel things and those feelings aren't true?


Yes. Okay. That is true. I know that to be So. I Told me that all the time. I know. But listen, Not all the time, but it does come up. Here's what you're gonna do. I want you to keep a journal with you of the things you feel when you feel like you're taking advantage of folks and you feel like you should have, I want you to write that down. And. I want you to hold it at arm's length and ask yourself, is this true? Okay? And I want you to be objective about it. 'cause the an, if you can't be objective, take it to your counselor and say, is this true? 'cause the answer's gonna be no. But when you have a feeling and you begin to believe that feeling, then your body's off to the races. Yeah. Zero. Shame for the zero for the, for the student loan forgiveness. None. And, and the shame on the any part you had with irresponsibility, you say, I'm not doing that anymore.


Any part you had with taking on too much debt, I'm not doing that anymore. But the depression taking you away from work. I'm not blaming you for that one kiddo. That one's in your rear view mirror too though. The beautiful thing about life is the rear view mirror is smaller than the windshield. That's called grace. Walk in that kiddo. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our lives who we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the great Jean Noel Thompson. He taught me how to be a dad, a husband, a professional, and how to balance caring for a bunch of people all at the same time. We all know of somebody else we can be grateful for, but there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're surviving, that we're moving forward, and that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything's gone bonkers, it's not always easy. So here's my reminder to thank the people that you love. Thank the people in your life and thank you. Sometimes we need some professional help to talk to somebody trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at any time so it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Hey, if you're like me, this time of year feels bananas. Thanksgiving just flies by and then you blink and the kids are out of school, family's in town, and somehow there's glitter everywhere. Pure chaos. Let's face it, the last thing you need right now is money, stress. If you wanna lighten your mental load this year, do yourself a favor and go download EveryDollar. It's my favorite budgeting app. And it can help you create a game plan for your spending so you can focus on what really matters this time of year. Listen, the holiday season's gonna be busy. There's no getting around that. But let's be busy enjoying our families instead of stressing out about money. Head over to the app store and download EveryDollar right now to get started for free.


Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Thanks for being with US America. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Thanks for being here. Hey, based on our rankings, we're in the top 10 podcasts in the entire world. Top 15 podcasts in the entire world. And that has gone up recently based on our ratings on radio, based on our Spotify and our Apple numbers and our YouTube numbers, there's a whole bunch of you that are new. Thank you. We're honored to have you in our audience. We will love you and we will tell you the truth.


And sometimes that will make you mad. Just be prepared because we love you and we will tell you the truth. That's what we do. And if you want to help us, we're not gonna spend 300 million on marketing like Sopac. We're not buying a like a football stadium or something. Allergies are bad this time of year. And but the, if you wanna help us, you can subscribe, follow the show, whatever it is, whichever way you do it, click the subscribe button, click the follow button, click the share button and send it on. Send it on. Yeah, send it on to them and good stuff. Let people know about, leave us a five star review. Mama said, if you ain't anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.


So five stars work. Thank you very much. We're glad you're here. We appreciate you being with us Williams in San Antonio, Texas. Remember the Alamo? What's up William? Oh, good afternoon, Dave. Afternoon. I had a rather unfortunate financial incident in, in our marriage happened last fall. My wife got victimized in an internet fraud and not only lost a sizable amount of cash, but also took out some loans to help these people.


And some of those were short term credit card things like buying gift cards. And then there were two installment loans. One was for 23,500, one was for 17,500. The rest of them, the smaller credit cards and such. I'm using the snowball method to take care of those. But I need advice on the installment loans. When it comes to this fraud, it's usually one of, or of two things.


Usually it's some sort of romantic interest or it's some sort of somebody crying out for help with medical assistance or some sort of injustice. What is it in your, in your, in your situation. It would, it would be the former, my wife, And, I have been having, been having some problems, been together for 25 years and things just kind of I. Don't know they happened. And, I didn't, didn't see the warning signs.


How's your marriage now? But It's, it's much better. I've been, I've been getting therapy and she has been too. And we've been making some inroads and just basic stuff like how we speak to each other. And I'm proud of you, man. That's hard. How we Try, try, try. Well, here's the thing. I, I have a bunch of people tell me. Well, I would, I would divorce somebody that would do that. And I. I'm not gonna throw away 25 years. Okay? I, I said I would make a full year as a concerted effort to get this thing turned around financially and emotionally.


And part of the emotional thing is me, I realized I needed to do some, some work. And so we're both doing therapy and it seems to be benefiting. Well, you're, you're a beacon of light for men who are, find themselves in, in emotional situations without the right tools in the toolkit. And you can do one of two things. You can just take up your toolkit and go home, or you can, you can storm the gates of hell and try to find more tools. And that's what you're doing, man. And I'm proud of you. I'm Proud of you. Amen. Thank you. That's Awesome. What's your household income, sir? Oh, 69,000.


Okay. Does she work outside the home? No. We're, we're both in our mid seventies. No, we're both retired. Oh boy. So there, there's money there to take care of the short term stuff. The the You mean money? You mean money? You have a nest egg. We, we still have some resources. A 401k And, I have some, I have some money in my account. All the debts are in her name. What is the, how much money is in your account?


$45,000. And how much money is in your 401k? About the same. Loads Less. And not counting these two installment loans. How much miscellaneous is there? Hmm? The little credit card mosquitoes? Yeah. I'm gonna say nine, 10,000. Okay. All right. I've got an income tax refund check coming in the two thousand's. Gonna get knocked off for that. And I would write a check. I would write a check out of yours today and pay off all the credit cards that leaves the 40 and close all the accounts.


Okay. Now, that is a gesture on your part towards the healing that you're searching for. The 40 is still sitting there. Okay, we'll come back to that in a minute. Then I want to meet with her and her therapist and your therapist and however y'all are doing this marriage stuff. And somehow you've gotta get some checks and balances and start to incrementally rebuild trust that you're not throwing good money after bad. And this doesn't happen again. 'cause in the back of your mind, you're, if I clean this out and this happens again, I ain't got anywhere to go. That's what's happening in the back of your mind. So you've got to know that this is solid going forward before you write any more big checks.


But 9,000, but $9,000 in the scope of your life, you would pay that right now for healing. And I would. Yeah. Yeah. Let, let's, let's get rid of all the mosquitoes, get it down to 17 five and 23 5. And then let's just sit there with those two while we work on this relationship. And as your trust reaches closer to 100%, and that is gonna require some demonstrations as well as on her part and your part and healing and some time to rebuild. And as that is rebuilt and your approach a hundred percent on that, then I'm gonna start trying to figure out a way to get those paid off.


But right now, I wanna clear the, the white noise, the clutter out of my mind with all these little bills that, 'cause every time you write a check on this, it picks the scab, it opens the wound And. I'm trying to get it down to write in just two checks. That's very perceptive. You're right. Yeah. I mean I get pissed off all, all over again. Every time you do this and you have to go through the whole process you've been doing in therapy, start forgiveness again. You start to have to go back through the whole thing and, and you just, you start having all these conversations between your ears. We all do this. That's how I know. I I wouldn't be guilty of it. No, not me, but Yeah. But I mean, yeah.


You write checks for things. You're, that remind you of bad things. It's bad. So Dave, at what point does, and again, in service of choosing reality, just owning, this is where we fund ourselves. Do two people in their seventies have to commit to going back to work for a year and earn another $40,000 to pay these debts Off? If she's of good health, I mean, I would talk to her therapist about this. I'm not gonna intervene in that. But if she's of good health, sounds Like both of 'em. She's trying to re-earn trust, and you know, I'm 12 stepping here, but, you know, make, go, make amends, make good, make amends.


Yeah. I think she goes back to work. Yeah. And starts working on these other two loans. I, I think that's not because of financial, but just I think that's a representative movement towards owning this. It will give a place for that energy to go too. Yeah. Make you know, You know, make amends. It is a 12 step thing. And so you gotta go back and where you can correct the wrongs as part of being repentant or sorry, you know, and, And nobody wants to work in their seventies. And that's where we find ourself. Right? And Nobody wants to get scammed to buy a romance on the internet, but that's where we find ourselves. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N d.org/ RAMSEY.


Hey, listen up guys. Black Friday deals start right now. Yep. You heard that right? You don't have to wait until Black Friday or even leave the house to get great deals on our most popular gifts. You can get our bestselling hardcover books for just $12 and audio books for just eight. Give like no one else this season with gifts that actually mean something to your loved ones. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to shop the deals today. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Thank you for joining us America. Dr. John Delony RAMSEY personality is my co-host today,


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi student loan debt is a swamp of thousands of people and they find it hard to escape. So don't be another statistic in the student loan swamp for distressed private student loans. There's why refi we trust, why refi? Because they help you with a low fixed rate, interest rate that you couldn't get anywhere else. Nobody else will touch this stuff and they'll help you put together a budget you can actually do and get outta debt. So learn more@yrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Alright, today's question comes from Marissa in Alabama. Marissa asks, how do you tell the difference between having a, the talent of compassion or discernment and the compulsion to help as a trauma response? Is it possible that a quote unquote talent may have developed as a survival mechanism and another talent not developed well due to trauma? I, I I mean my gut reaction here is it doesn't matter. It's an academic exercise. If you are helping other people to the point that you can eat or stay whole or you are in an abusive relationship in order to keep other people from getting mad at you, then that's not healthy.


I often say that the skills people learn when they're kids to survive can become some of the greatest skills professionally for them. But if, if is all it to say is doesn't matter I, don't, I don't think it matters. Am I missing the question, Dave? Now it feels like there's kind of two possible feelings for me. I mean, one is I don't trust a guy that doesn't walk with a limp. Correct. So if, if, if you got it all together and you're perfect, you're full of crap. You scare me If you survived. Yeah. But I went through bankruptcy, I lost everything 'cause I was stupid, which informs my ability to do this.


Right. But I'm not doing it as a, as a healing mechanism to get over my past trauma. I'm utilizing the, that experience to give insight to the future. That's a healthy way to do it. Yeah. So I guess I guess If you're doing it as a coping mechanism or You can be a parasite, you can be a vampire using other people so that you feel better. Right. That's a coping mechanism, right. That's not a he you're not healed. Correct. Absolutely. But so if the trauma, the, the damage from the trauma, the wound is, is what's driving this. I think that's a problem, isn't it? Yeah. That's, and that's one of my rules is I don't talk about things. You, you shouldn't be in the business of trying to sell things or help other people with open wounds.


Right. And how do you know the wound's still open? Can you talk about what happened? And your heart rate doesn't take off as though it's happening in real time. That's how, you know, can you talk about your mom passing away from an ugly three year bout of cancer and you're not overwhelmed with emotion. You might still be sad, you might still feel heavy, but you can have the conversation. That's how, you know, if you're Overwhelmed with emotion, you're not in a position to help someone else who Has your body still. Yeah, that's right. That's Dr. Young, young used to teach us, don't bring your chaos to other people's hurting situations. So, but here's the thing. If you're good at a thing Because you've got a scar that's healed, God bless you, use it. Yeah. Get out there, man Gets there.


He a scar that's healed is the trick. There you go. I think, yes. And And I, I I might be wrong, but I No, you're a hundred percent Right. I, i, you know, and that doesn't mean I mean, I, I still think it's okay for people to criticize me and say, how can you possibly give financial advice? You're the guy that went bankrupt. You know, And I. I get it. You know, I get that. But I do have insight because of that, that someone who's never been bankrupt doesn't have. Right. So here, here's, here's another way to, to look at this. So let's say you're a child raised in the home of two alcoholics, people who struggle with a alcohol Adult, child of an alcoholic, And you learned how to get really small and to make sure the people around you were okay and you just learned that, is it okay to then go into a job where you are head of hospitality somewhere where your job is to disappear and to help other people have a great experience?


No, it's not a bad thing. If you're doing it out of a compulsion because you have to, like you were talking about earlier, then it's not healthy because you're never gonna become a whole because you're always gonna be looking for healing out there. But yes, if you have some talents that you learned while trying to stay safe and survive, that's amazing. That's like our friends who go over and they are Navy Seals and they come back and they, they walk with business leaders who are going through, you know, challenging times and how to communicate under stress and that's fantastic. You learn new talents under duress and now you're using those to help the rest of us. That's amazing. So, So is, if she says the phrase, the compulsion to help as a trauma response that, would that be functioning out of the wound and not out of a healed wound?


Absolutely. Yes. Okay. Yes. So if you, yeah, if, if, if you feel like it's a compulsion to help out of a trauma response and it's wrong, but if you've got discernment and compassion because of trauma, that's a healed wound and that's a scar Here. Here's the difference I have to, versus I get to Ah, compulsion if I have to. Okay. Like when someone calls and says, Hey, can you come serve at this local church thing? You're like, I've gotta do this. That's not a good, that's not a good thing. That's childhood nonsense. If you are, you say, you know what? I get to go help over there. That's pretty cool. Then that's a gift. Then I would say, you're, well go get it. Go get it done. That's interesting. I like that. Great question. Very interesting question. It's good. You know what, the, the other thing about a question like that I always think of is, old Bible teacher used to tell me, he said, you know, probably if you ask that question, you don't have a problem.


Right. Or you've recognized a problem and now you have a path to healing. Yeah. But I mean you're, you're rec you're seeing things at a proper angle. Yeah. But, and I'll tell you my, my initial that question was, I just think the modern mental health ecosystem, universe, whatever, wants us to second guess and deep dive and yada yada on every single thing. And I think there is so much research coming out saying go do the next right thing. It's A lot of naval gazing. Go Do the next right thing. And if you can help people based on what happened to your kid, man, that that's the gospel. Right. That's restoration. That's all things made new go use what happened for good if you are healed. Yes. Or if you're, you know, doing it out of a healed place.


That's right. You know, so forth. So good. Phone number here is triple eight eight two five five two two five. David is in Grand Rapids. Hi David. How are you? Hi, I am doing great. Thank you for having me. Sure. What's up? So my, my wife And I, we've always refused to go into debt for anything other than a mortgage. Good. This last week we just paid off our house. We did a 15 year mortgage, paid it off in four years. Four months. You're amazing. Long. Thank you. How Old Are you? Long story short, it, I'm 33. What's the house worth? It's, it's about three 90 right now. Way to go. How much in your nest egg in your 4 0 1 Ks and stuff?


Yeah, so our Roth IRAs, between the two of us, we got about 300, six, 6,000. Dude, You're gonna be a millionaire when you're 35. Way to go. That, that's the goal. Then we have mutual funds also. That's about 118,000 118. Wow. Good. Good for you. Our our total annual income between the two of us is approximately $120,000. The question I have, long story short, my in-laws own some hunting property. My father-in-law passed away this past May. My mother-in-law's ready to sell the property. She wants to keep it in the family if possible. We would love to buy it. She's, she's willing to sell it to us for 122,000.


And she's willing to do a 0% land contract. No. And the terms that we Absolutely not. You have the money, write her a check. Okay. Cash out your mutual fund, Cash out mutual funds is what you Recommend. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. You don't wanna be in debt to your mother-in-law. It changes the way Thanksgiving dinner tastes. I'm not kidding. Borrower, slave to the lender. The error in the room changes when you sit down with your master. Right. Don't do it. You know how free you felt when you paid off that mortgage. Yes, exactly. Don't screw that up.


Yeah. Hold. Okay. Especially i I a hierarchy. I'd rather owe a bank than my mother-in-Law and my mother-in-law's. Awesome. But man, Yeah, this is, this is bad, bad, bad, bad juju right here. Yeah. And, and you got the money. So would it Be, would it be dumb of me to buy the property or what should I just No, You got the money. I would, I'd buy it for a hundred grand. You got 180 in your mutual fund. How Big is the property? It's about 55 acres. I mean if the value is right, I don't think it's a problem, but pay cash for it or don't do it. If you can't pay cash for it, don't do it and never do a land contract. You'll get screwed over six ways from Sunday on that. Ooh, I could do a whole segment on land contracts.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. Dave Ramsey here. And I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not want to miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


For those of you on YouTube and on podcasts, this will be our last segment for the day. You can pick up the other segment that we're going to do on The Ramsey Network app and you can join it for free. Just go to Ramsey Solutions or go to download the network app on Apple or Google Play or whatever. And you can join it free and you listen to all the whole show or you can listen to the last segment. Whatever you wanna do. It's all there for free. From The Ramsey Network app. You can also enter a question. This question comes from The Ramsey Network app. To ask a question without ever having to call in, you can click the link in the show notes or download the app for free. Once you're in the app, you can navigate to The Ramsey Show. Click ask a question and submit your question for the show.


Alright. The question is from Brianna says, I was one month from my lease being up And I had to leave early due to a domestic violence incident. I notified the property management company and sent them the email with proof of the protection order. But just the other day I went to check my credit and they put a $4,000 debt into collections. I'm it, but if that doesn't work, should I just pay it? Okay. What, what happened to you is wrong and horrible, but it does not release you from a lease. A protection order does not get you out of a lease. You're, you're appealing to their mercy at that point. Yeah. If they want to let you out, if you were working, if you were one of my tenants, I would let you out.


But you're, you can't just send them the email and go, I'm out. It's not a get outta jail free card, no pun intended. So you, you know, you, you are liable for that last month. I don't know how it got to $4,000 for one month. You had one month left on the lease and now they're going to $4,000. I'm not sure what the flip were you renting, but, Or they added a bunch of fees and late Fees or something. Or maybe the bozo stayed behind Torch the place. I don't know. I don't know what happened here. But you are still liable even though you had a protection order, even though you sent an email that does not, this is not a one way thing where you just go, oh, I'm out. No, you're not out Unless they choose to let you out and they didn't respond, you don't have a response from them.


Or at least you didn't mention it. If you do saying we're gonna let you go. If you've got that response, then you owe zero because they said we're gonna let you go so that you're, you're free. But I don't think you got that. I think you just sent this to them and you thought that got you out. That's the way this is worded anyway. And it does not get you out. I'm not an attorney, but it doesn't get you out. So you know what I would do? I don't know if you need to appeal it. I would just call the property management company. I, I'd go in person. If you're in the, if you're in the town, go over there and try to meet with a senior person. Yeah. And see if you can negotiate. You. You're gonna have to pay some money because you, you know, you just kind of walked, you, you were in a horrible situation.


You needed to leave. I'm not telling you you did something wrong, but the assumption that you made that it got you outta the lease was incorrect. Right. And so you, you're gonna owe some money now you gotta go figure out what and what you can settle it for you. If it's a $4,000 of legitimate charges or a bunch of 'em that are just beefed up or whatever, you might settle it for that equal to that one month's rent. And, but you're gonna end up paying something. I think. I don't think the judge is gonna go, oh well you had a protection order. You don't have to honor your contract. It's like saying, I got a protection order. So, I have to pay my car payment. No, that's not how it works. So sorry. You know, you're gonna end up paying something Brianna And I.


The sooner you can get to somebody and get a settlement negotiation begun, you're better off to do it in person. And you're better off to do it with the actual people, not the stupid lawyers. But if you can get that pulled off, that's gonna be your best route. 'cause you're not gonna get out of dodge on this without paying something. Joe's in Chesapeake, Virginia. Hi Joe, how are you? Hey Dave. How's it going? Better than I deserve. What's up? So beginning of this year we decided to, my wife, And I decided to take our debt seriously. And now we have paid off $30,000 in student loans and credit card debt. Good for you. Mostly from my, my job and I've been fixing and flipping lawnmowers, trucks, equipment, tractors, all kinds of stuff.


Cool. How much money you made doing that? Honestly, normally about four to $5,000 a month. Wow. Good for you. Yeah. You're good at This. Yes sir. Yep. I've been working, working hard. I'm, I'm a Caterpillar mechanic that, that's my career. So yeah, I just kind of, you know, buy, buy what I can and fix it up. Well, You know how to turn, you know, you know how to turn a wrench. Good for you, man. Yes sir. Yep. My question is, I'm, I'm at the point where I need to start my, my emergency fund, three to six month emergency fund. Good. And I've been looking at the high yield savings account and I see that the rate of return is, the one I found that I applied for was 5.31%.


My mortgage, I only owe 119 on it. The house that we built our shelf. And the interest rate on that is 4.3%. So my question is, why should I not just put all of my income into the high yield savings account As long as the rate of return is greater than the interest owed. And once amount. Because if you make 1% on $100,000, it's a thousand dollars. You don't have a thousand dollars problem. You have $119,000 problem. The secret to paying off your mortgage is not making 1% spread on a high yield savings account.


The secret to paying off your mortgage is do what you did with a 30,000 and it's pay off your mortgage. Okay. The actual math, math, the actual math of what you're, of this theory that you're running won't buy you a biscuit. Okay. That's what I'm saying. So you're making more money on tractors than you'll make on this in a week. You follow me? Yes sir. If you Got a hundred thousand at 5% and a hundred thousand at 4%, the spread is 1%. 1% of $100,000 is $1,000 per year. You make that in a week. Flipping tractors.


Okay. So it's not, it's not enough. It's not enough to screw with. It's, it's, so just pay off your mortgage, get your emergency fund done, and then go ahead and go through the baby steps four, five, and six and you'll be in great shape, man. Yeah. And I. I like to take that a thousand bucks and divide it monthly and 80, $83. That's Your sleep tax. And you'll more than make that back $83 a month to Sleep deeper than you've ever slept in your life. 'cause nobody can take your house away. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just pay it off as fast as you can. Just nail it. Hammer, do it. Do it, do it. Do it. Don't mess around with it. Don't play games. Good for you. Good question. All right. Sam's in Syracuse. Hi Sam, how are you? I'm good, Dave. How are you? Better Than I deserve.


What's up? I, Hey So I kind of, I feel like it's a dumb question, but You're in the right place. I have Been A couple of dumb guys. We got you. Hey, So. I Haveve Been with my girlfriend now for almost a little over a year. I accumulated a large solid debt before I got with her while I was in the military. And I, want to move forward with our relationship. We've, we've discussed it for the last, you know, two months or so. I have the money set aside for the ring.


How much? I, about 3,500 bucks. How much in debt do you have? I would say it's roughly around 50,000. And what's it on? It's a, it's a few things. So one of 'em is a credit card, which is 25. One is from a repo from a previous relationship. What do you make a year? I'm Actually, I make about 65 a year. I would say. I pulling about You're 24. 4,226. 26. Okay. Like, almost like I've done this before. Okay. And you're, you're saying, you're saying you wanna wait to get outta debt to get married.


I, and that, that's the thing is like I, I've, you know, I've heard a few different answers to that question that I asked. Unless they're this answer, they're wrong. The correct answer is get married. Okay. If you're pledged to get out debt and she's pledged to get out debt with you and you're aligned and in agreement on your money, get married. That's one of the big reasons why I fell in love with her is, you know, I, I was very open and Honest, but don't tell her I think I've got 50,000. Tell her I have $49,462 in debt and it's exactly this. And this is exactly what I'm gonna do to get out because I'm the kind of man you wanna marry. 'cause I'm getting this done.


I'm a go-getter. That's who you need to be. Don't give me, I, I think I make, I think I'm in. Get it exact and kill it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me Right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.