
This is The Ramsey Show. Welcome aboard. It's where we help you win in your life, specifically winning with your money, winning with your relationships, winning in your work. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz joins me and we're here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number, triple eight eight two five five two two five. Coming up this hour, of course, your calls, you don't wanna miss the end of the hour. We're gonna talk about some very interesting policy proposals that affect your pocketbook. So we won't get political, but we are going to get economical. We're gonna talk about the very, very controversial price control plan that's being bandied about by the Harris campaign.


So more on that, we'll talk about how that affects you, plus your calls. You ready to go? You excited you I've done my homework. You're, you're not gonna, you're gonna be very excited about the, the last part of the hour when I talk price controls. I do. So excited. I I know you're I Do, I do enjoy a politic politics. We're not going there. We're just gonna talk about the facts. No, no. We're gonna talk about the economics of it, of What's going on. Yeah. We're not gonna be ugly and you'll be great too. Well, We'll see. You'll enjoy it. And, I, just Wanna know if you'll be paying attention. We'll see. Heather's gonna start us off in Atlanta, Georgia. Heather, how can we help you today? Hi. I have a question related to mostly, I guess where to start because I know that I'm not ready for the baby steps yet. I have kind of overextended myself with Affirm loans, and then I have a ton of, well, I wouldn't say a ton, but a good bit of credit card debt.


And so what I'm finding now is that I'm like, not even paycheck to paycheck. I'm doing a little bit of gig work on the side outside of my regular job, but it's really just to try to cover the bills where I would be in the negative. Okay. So yeah, so you're, you're below water, if you will. So getting you above that in a stable place in order then to start the baby steps is kind of what you're saying, which, yeah, it makes total sense. Okay. so what, what kind of caused you to get in this situation, Heather? What kind of, what caused you to get behind and, and get underwater financially? Well, I recently got a divorce. Mm. And So, I, sorry, the home and everything I'm in, initially when I entered that home, it was a double income going into the home.


And so now initially I was able to kind of keep up with things, but then I kind of started working closer to home and my pay is not exactly as much. But even with that, I'm just really seeing the effects fully now of the aftermath of the divorce and having to pay everything. Certain things that we got together. Now I'm paying it all by myself. Okay. So when you guys got divorced, what was the, and you said the house, how did that, how did you guys divvy that up? What was the, what's, what's the outcome of that? So For the house, his name was not put on the deed, even though I initially purchased the house. And I was gonna add his name to the deed, but we had an agreement for him to like pay the amount for adding his name, but he never did.


So his name was never on the deed, so he just kind of walked away, not really owing anything. We didn't have, the only things we had together is furniture, this water system that we got together. Okay. And also there's a car that's in my name that he's currently paying for, That he's currently paying for. 'cause he's using, Yes. Okay. Okay. So the car's in in your name though. Okay. So for the the house, how much is the mortgage a month? It has gone up and that's another thing. It's gone up to like 1550. Okay.


And how much, how much do you have left to pay on it and how much is it worth? I have about 2 0 2, maybe 200, 2000 left. Okay. The, our property value has fluctuated a little bit, but the last time I checked it was worth about three 50. Okay. Are you on an arm, an adjustable rate mortgage? I don't think so. And, I, I do have also API in there that I've been trying to get rid of because it's been about four years since we've been in the house. Yeah, I mean you're, you're well over 20% or no, you owe that much.


Yeah. You'll have to get to that 20% value before PMI goes away, which is just the insurance for the mortgage company. How much is your income a month? Heather? How much are you bringing in? So I'm bringing in about 42 50 a month. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I hate to say it, but the, the, the house is causing you, it is a lot of pain. It's not, you're not in a, in a terrible spot with the mortgage specifically. It's, it, it is a little bit over that 25% of what we like to see. But are are other bills, the, the upkeep of it, is that, is that drowning you down too? The upkeep up the upkeep of the house, You mean? Yes. Yes. To, to some extent we've had, it's me and my son too.


Now. We've had some issues with the air conditioning unit that I've had to get repaired in the past. And usually like if I get a little extra like income tax, I'll, I'll use that on like repairs and things like that. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I just wanna make sure, 'cause you're, you are a little bit over on where we like to see your mortgage payment. And, and the problem is just like you said, it was based on a two income household and when you went down to one, you're feeling those effects. So Heather, I, I may, if I were in your position, probably entertain the idea of what would it look like to sell, what would it look like to rent for a season until you can again, and you'll take some of that equity.


And. I would just put it, if you go further with this, I, with this idea, put it in a high yield savings and hold onto it for a down payment on your next home. But you may need to downsize, which I know is like a really big decision when I talk about moving. But, but again, to get your, to get your head above water, you know, there, I don't know, I I I want you to be able to have a lot of margin and not feel suffocated by this mortgage. And then the other thing, Heather, is I, And, I would stop digging into the whole of debt. So wherever you are, I mean, I would cut up the credit cards, not even make it a temptation. I would stop using the buy now pay later affirms and Klarna and all of that, that is eating people's salary. It is gone.


It, it is turning into a billion dollar business. 'cause companies are making so much off of this. 'cause it is a form of debt. It feels harmless, but you end up piling that on and just like what you're experiencing, it is payments. And that's what's happening. So So, I would get a, I would get to the point where your bills are covered, food, shelter, utilities, transportation, and you guys are in a and feel like you're in a good spot there. And then anything extra you can do to bring in money, bringing some of that in and catching up on bills. Are you late on any of the credit cards? I am right now with one, I'm almost two months behind and with another one just a month because Okay. All of this kind of started recently 'cause I started using Affirm to try to cover like toiletries and stuff when I was coming up short Yeah.


Versus using the credit cards. Yeah. And so it just kind of got out of control For sure. Yeah. And it's a slippery slope. I mean this, that, that is the story of people's lives. I mean that's, that's exactly what happened. So, so yeah. I mean if Heather, yeah, I would, I would get in the habit of stop using any of those and stop digging yourself deeper in which may mean you're gonna be on a really tight budget. And, and if you hold on the line, Christian's gonna pick up And I wanna give you financial peace University and EveryDollar premium because to get the basics and really get yourself in a position where you're not behind, you're caught up. And again, you're taking care of those four walls, the food, shelter, utilities, and transportation. Do, don't get behind on any of those for the credit cards. I'd rather you be behind on credit cards than be behind on the mortgage payment.


So staying current on your bills that you, that you need to survive. And then finding some of that extra margin to catch up on those credit cards and then start the process of saving. So it's a lot, Heather. I know and you're doing a great job as a single mom. So again, Christian's gonna pick up and we're gonna give you some of those resources and tools because it's gonna just be this new process starting this whole new way of looking. And, and even Ken, maybe some of your stuff too for possibly upping income. Yeah. And career. Yeah. Need some income. I actually want to give her a free session. Kristen, let's get her a session with one of our financial coaches as well, because she needs to get out of this mess and needs more help. This is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated two NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz joins me. The phone number for you to jump in it is your show. We're here to help you. It's triple 8 8 2 five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five.


Alright, planners, pay attention. We got some breaking news. This is very exciting in my hands. You know, rush Limbaugh used to say in, in my formerly nicotine stain hands just kind of cater because he used to have cigarettes all the time. And I was gonna say, I don't have any nicotine stains on these hands. I'm so glad. But in my hands I have, boy this is, oh, it's new. I just got that new brand new smell, the 2025 Gold Planter and new planters out there. This is our Ramsey Goal Planner. And it's now on presale. And so that means it's not coming out yet, but you can go ahead and and order it now. And this is all about getting organized and tracking your progress. And my colleague Rachel Cruz, Dr. John Delony and Jade Warshaw are all very active in this planner popping up with great content that help you reach those attainable goals with money, faith, and relationships. And this is the best price we've ever had for this. This is a very popular Yeah. The pre-sale product. I think it's the best price. If you want best price. So go ahead and do the pre-order. 35 97. Yes. Not 99. Yeah. Not 98, 35, 97. Yeah. It's 3 cents there. I like that. That's a good move. And the last day of pre-order is September 2nd. At which point the price goes to 49.97. So good, good savings here on this. It sells out every year. You can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or you can click the link in the description if you're listing or watching on YouTube. And then via podcast. So go check that out. It, it looks very fancy. I know. It's really beautiful. They always do a great cover and it's Yeah, it's kind of thing. Easy, easy Tote around. Yeah. Good night. You have to tote it. This is substitute, It's a serious planner. You Could knock somebody out and just like Lots of content reflection questions. It's a, it's a whole thing Experie. Yeah. Yeah. Experience Also acts as a safety device. 'cause it is, it's very sturdy. Yeah. There you go. It's, if you're carrying it around, it'll protect you as well. Yes. All the smack somebody. These are the bonuses that people with A-D-H-D-C. Geez. There you go.


Alright. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. Let's go to Jack who joins us in Fort Myers, Florida. Jack, how can we help today? Hey, how are you guys? Good. Good afternoon. Would you like to, just me to jump into it, Question, jump right in. Tell us how we can help man, I'm ready. This is your moment. All right. Yeah. So I'll keep the, the details straight and to the point. So I'm 35 years old and overall within the last four years I have built up about $40,000 in credit and loans in debt throughout the last couple years.


It looks like the interest rates jumped up to about 28% across the board for me. Ooh. And my car insurance jumped up to about a thousand just because of previous history. And so my bills that I don't really have too much control over, I just need to knock outta the park and get, get out of here. I'm struggling with payment strategy and that is my goal is to figure out a payment strategy to overcome the obstacles that I have. Okay. Tell me about your income situation. What, what, what do you do for a living and what do you make? I So, I have been in the medical field for maybe the last six or seven years.


And I recently opened up my own medical billing company where I do personal contracts with mom, pop shop, chiropractic clinics and MRI facilities and medical centers. So what are you paying yourself Right now? It's very unstable. I'm only collecting about 1500 to 2000 a month off of that And. I have another income of $3,000 coming to me. But it's more of a personal friend providing it to me. But it's not gonna be sustainable forever. Okay. Hold on. Alright, hold on. Just wanna make sure I understand this. I, you're collecting about $1,500 a month from your, your business or you're paying yourself $1,500 a month?


No, that's how much the business is taking In right now. How much are you, what we're trying to, what we gotta figure out to help you out here is what your actual income is. What are you paying yourself? I I my what falls into my bank account is 4,000 guaranteed. And this is thousand guaranteed. That includes the 3000 from a friend who's just paying you because he is a great person. Yes. And how long do you think that's gonna last? It can't last. In fact, every day that it goes on, it actually hurts my soul. You know, it's not something that I'm comfortable with. I know it's gonna come to an and it has to come to an end. Okay. What about income? What about better opportunities for income? What's holding you back from doing something to make more money?


Ultimately it was just finding the right opportunity, but I kind of threw a bone in my path. And I would say about a year ago, through the heightened emotion of feeling this collapse and feeling all this pressure, I had a scenario where I became a felon. My felony is based upon battery on a, an officer. So that is my scenario. I was lucky enough to not do any mandatory jail time. They were lenient with that, but they are not able to remove or get rid of the felony at all.


So I'm just kind, you Know. Well now that's Tough. Manning up about it. Yeah, that's, well that's good Information. Yeah, I'm trying to man up about it. Yeah. Well So this is a hurdle that I have. It's massive hurdle And it's a new hurdle. It was not a hurdle that I had to stress about in my twenties and teens. It is a 30 5-year-old hurdle With the current job Jack that you're doing. The billing, the medical billing. How long had you been doing that for? I've been doing it for about six to seven years. And how and what's the best income you've made off of that? Like, In a really good year, what would you make? About 45 to $50,000 for a contract.


So what's changed? The comp, the clinics that I work with have to do well themselves. You need to find some more clinics, right? Yes. Yes. And. I have a time sensitive scenario. Scenario. So ultimately I have to pay off my probation in three years. How much is That? You know, it has to happen that probation is 10,000 And then you have 40,000 in debt. Yes. And my car, my expense, my car is let's say 303, let's say three 50. And then my car insurance is at 800. So like there's, I've been eating ramen for The last five years.


Alright, so Jack, we we only have a couple minutes with you. And, I want Rachel to be able to help as well. So we gotta get to the point fast. Okay. So this is not a silly, it's gonna sound silly, but I, I simply don't know, but I'm guessing, you know, what kind of work can you do that that where you can make somewhere in the 15 to 20 to $25 an hour, it may be labor. Can you do that with the felony or is it pretty much every time these jobs are doing background checks on you, what's available to you? Because you've gotta make more money and quickly. Correct. So answer that question for me from My own research. Yeah. My, my, from my own personal research I found locksmith think to be the best opportunity.


Great. What's a locksmith mean Career? It looks like they can average about 50,000 a year. Okay. My man, that Stable income. Great. And then, and then I'll guarantee you there's some labor jobs where you could show up on a construction site and do stuff. 'cause I used to work, I'm just telling you this issue right now. I'm gonna give it to Rachel real quick to walk you through the basic how, how we get out of debt. But I just want you to understand there's some urgency right now for you to increase your income and you've got to treat it like it's life or death. 'cause it's Yeah, And I would it is. And That's why I came across you guys. Yeah, for sure. And Jack And I would be, you know, encouraged with your own company that you're doing that there's chiropractor. I mean there's like, yeah the chiropractic world I think is a whole other, you know, it's a whole world that Just start knocking on every door there is.


Yeah. It So I. See that as a complete open door that you could just run in. Do the locksmith two on the side. Do both of those in tandem do 'em both really Well, And I mean you could be bringing in 70 to 80 Yeah. A year by just doing that. So, so what I would do is, yeah, so your probation, the 10,000, that would be my number one goal. And so it's gonna have to be everything Jack from, from a, from a strict budget. And the income is the problem in this scenario. I don't think your expenses, you're not outta control in your expenses from what I'm hearing. So once you get that income up and you start making extra money, you have to be diligent of putting that money aside and you need a goal mapping out to say, okay, I need an extra thousand a month and in 10 months you could have that 10 grand. I would set that completely aside that you have that for the probation.


And then start paying off these, this $40,000 in debt. Keep minimum payments going so you don't get behind on those. But then I would attack that, but I would prioritize the probation first and foremost before anything else. Alright, we gotta take a quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp Hagen. Folks, the Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first. And that means that I have to do the things that keep me well and whole And I know that you have to do those same things too. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself. And most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos and this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL P.com/deone.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz joins me and the phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five triple eight eight two five five two two five. Austin, Texas is where we're gonna go next. And Alex is joining us there. Alex, how can we help? Hi guys, how are you today? We're having a blast. What's going on? Good, good. Thanks for having me. I've got a quick question for you. I'm 30 years old and I've been to work with my folks for about 10, 10, 12 years now. We built custom homes about an hour north of Austin and me and my wife have been, we've got a little side program we've been doing on the side and that's, that's starting to make quite a bit more money than I'm making at my day job.


And I'm just, I'm working around the clock and nights and weekends on our side hustle. And I'm wondering if it's, you know, I'm not getting to spend a lot of time with my son and Yeah, just a rat race. And You enjoying the, the side hustle. Alex, do you like it? Yes. Yeah. More than home building with your family? Well it's, it's the same thing We're, we're buying and buying and selling homes and remodeling homes. Oh, okay. Wow. Little bit of the flip business. Okay. Okay. Yeah, Sounds like you're in a great place. Let's just look at the numbers. 'cause my answer is always based on the numbers, right. Because that's where we start. And then then Rachel really got, I think to the next point that I'm always looking for is, is this the joy?


Is this kind of giving you the autonomy, the freedom that you long for? And it sounds like it is, right? So on the money side, how many, how much more are you making per month in the side hustle than you are your day job? And then for how long has that been happening? Well we, we built our first house three or four years ago and we sold it in December. We had 500 into it and we sold it for 1.8. Whoa. Well done sir. Yeah, thank you. So that's just one house that Kind of jumpstarted everything That took two years. Alex, did you say you bought it two, two years ago? We, we, we built, we bought the property and built the house.


Oh, Bought, oh, okay, okay. I hear from the ground up. It wasn't a flip. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That was the first deal. We sold it in December. Yeah. And then since then we've, we've, we bought a another house for 3 75 and we're getting ready to put it on the market and we should, we should be able to profit somewhere around a hundred grand. So here's the deal, since yours is a little bit different situation there as to when that money's coming in. My rule of thumb is this, right? I wanna see people have at least six to 12 months of their current income. So working for your family, you have an income. And when people are saying Ken or Rachel, when do we move over?


My rule of thumb is I wanna see you have six to 12 months of your day job income in the bank of the side hustle, right? Correct. And that to me is a minimum six to 12 months. Personally I would do 12 months. But some people, if you've got a really good pipeline built up and it feels like you do and you know what you're doing here, I think six months is fine. But that is in addition to the fact that you're also making right at about the same amount or more in, in other words, what you're paying yourself. And so it feels like you're pretty much there. I mean, the way you started the call, you said you're already making more working for yourself than working for your family.


Right? I I'm making about a hundred grand a year I work with my folks. Alright. Now what are you paying yourself out of this side hustle? Well, we, you know, we, we took that, that lump sum that we walked away with a million dollars and we, we, we invested, we put all of it in Merrill Lynch and, and they, they're taking care of it for. Right. So that's what I'm asking you. What are you paying yourself after you save and invest? What are you paying yourself? Can you pay yourself a hundred grand? Yes. It's a no brainer. Yeah. Then how much you got saved? Well, we, we've saved all of it. We have, we have, we basically have no debt and we've, we've got all in the bank and we just take what we need out of it to do these projects.


That's what I was gonna say, Alex. I mean that's the, that's the beautiful thing that's perfect you guys have that Most people don't in a sense is when you're, when you're getting into this kind of world with real estate, we say to, to go at the speed of cash, which a lot of people hate because like, are you kidding me? I don't have a hundred grand laying around to buy something and flip it. So the fact that you guys have the cash in order to do this, I it is fantastic. Yeah. And I think that, yeah. I mean I would, and you can run some models, Alex. I mean, you know this world better than I do. My husband's been in it for about a year now. And it's fascinating when you look at Oh, my gosh, you could buy, you know, in those two to 300 ranges, you know what I mean? Of how many you need a year to flip on average what you think you can sell 'em for. And then to Ken's point, yeah.


We need, knowing what you need to live off of and what you guys want, making that kind of back into that and say, okay then how much extra would we make off these flips? And then we can roll that back into new properties. And it is, it's kind of like a big snowball. Yeah. Which is fantastic. So I'd earmark a thou a hundred thousand dollars in, in, in your side hustle, your company, let's just call it your company. I'd have a hundred thousand dollars set aside just to pay you. And, and, and so whenever you're ready to walk from your parents and you're pretty much ready 'cause you've got your Income. Do your parents know any of this going on, Alex, is this gonna be a shock to them or is it, have you been kind of talking to them throughout the process too? N no, they, they don't know. And Okay. You know, it's always tough when you're in a family That's family Business.


Yes. I do know. Yeah. Boy does she do. So do they, have they, has there been a conversation? Are you the only child? Are there multiple, like, what's the conversation? I'd love Rachel to weigh in on this. so what has the conversation been about? Who takes over for mom and pop? Well, I have one other brother and I'm, I, I'm, I'm pretty certain that, that my dad's in his mind that I'm gonna take over. Oh Boy. Does your brother want it? I don't think so. Yeah. And it may just be a thing that he, your dad's probably gonna have to realize, oh gosh, I'm gonna probably have to sell it, sell the company, you know, at some point for retirement and, you know, sell, you know, another home builder can buy the, you know, buy what you have And.


I mean. That's, That's, that's by some of the assets, The decision kind of a, a hard, hard decision to make For sure. Yeah. And I would just, And I would walk into that, you know, really with a lot of gratitude, Alex, you know what I mean? Of what they've given you over, you know, or not given you. You've worked, you've been working. Right. But the opportunity and everything, I've learned a lot. Yeah. For yeah. The last 10 years. And And I and, you know, And, I, And I. Pray that, you know, the way you present it and the way your dad specifically takes it. Like there is a level of dignity when your son goes out. And it is sad, my husband, he left Ramsey literally to do what you're doing, Alex, and flip him and dad both cried and all of it. It's great. I mean, there, it's totally, it is fine. It did not sever a relationship by any means, but there was sadness of like, man, you know, you're working together for so long and something's different.


It's changing. But yet I I pray that he, you know, applaud you and, and, and even helps you, you know, along the way that a son. But it's gonna, it's gonna be a shock. So, I would, I would, I would talk to him ASAP Alex and with not a final decision necessarily, but I would start, I would start having some of these conversations so it's not just this big bombshell. I would kind of bring him in and just say, Hey, here's what we've been doing. Here's what I'm enjoying and I'm loving. And, you know, bringing them into some of it early. Right. Yeah. Is what I would do. I agree with Rachel because there's this weird thing here. And. I'm not in any way criticizing you. I'm trying to put myself in your dad's shoes. There's this weird thing going on. We're even doing this for a while and he didn't even know about it.


Right. And that feels weird. And in the same industry. Same industry. And again, not in any way Alex criticizing you. I'm just trying to go, man, that feels weird. I I probably ripped a bandaid off. Yeah. He knows what I've been doing. Oh. And, and maybe in his mind he, he has an Well I thought you Told us that. I thought you said they didn't know N no, he, he knows what I've been doing on the side. He just doesn't have any idea that I'm Oh, okay. I might be interested in moving on. Oh, Gotcha. Okay. I misunderstood. Strike everything I just said from the record. So that was, that was unnecessary. Sorry about that. I, I misunderstood completely. But I, I would say with Rachel sooner rather than later that hey, this transition is, especially now that he knows you've been doing it, I would say, Hey, I'm, we're doing well and, and I'm ready to go work for myself and make really great money.


Yeah. And I would hope he'd have some pride in that to say, you know what, love for you to take the company. But I also know that you wanna make a lot of money and Yeah. And Alex and too And I. Go for it. And I would be, you know, really sensitive about the transition too. That if you're on a project with them or something and they need you for another, you know, five, six months, like what, what, like, I would complete the job there really well and like tie all the loose ends. Don't leave them in a bad spot. 'cause there's no urgency necessarily for you to run to this other thing, except the fact that you're making more money and you're excited about it. So again, I think that's the goal, but walking into that, leaving a company that your family owns. Yeah, I think I would have a lot of leeway on when you do that for their sake too, just to kind of help the, help the conversation.


Thanks For the call, Alex. Coming up, we'll break down price controls. What would it mean to you and your pocketbook? This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz joins me. The phone number for you to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. We're here to answer your questions. We want to coach you to win with your money, to win in your work, to win in your relationships. All three of those areas are all connected. And when you're suffering in one, it affects the others. So we're gonna take on some economic issues. We've been talking about some economic issues because they affect your actual pocketbook. And this is, this is a show that is, is about your money and how it affects your life. And, and so we preach a lot of personal responsibility.


We preach control. What you can control. However, we want to not just inform you on how to get outta of debt, how to do a budget. We want you to understand how economics work and economic policies, because you have a say in it. And so don't get squeamish, don't get nervous. We're not going left, we're not going right. Today we're gonna talk about, as we, as I talked about a couple weeks ago, Rachel, you missed it. I talked about the one issue that I I think American people ought to be uniting on in this election is the national debt. In other words, we need a constitutional amendment that would require a balanced budget like many states. The state of Tennessee, the state of Virginia, where I'm from, many states have a constitutional requirement for a balanced budget.


So big in the news. In fact, Dave was, Dave was on Fox News talking about Laurel Ingram heading on the Ingram angle to talk about vice President Kamala Harris' economic plan. And specifically it's been floated that she would be in favor of price controls to control inflation. Okay, So I wanna break this down very, very briefly. I, I went and did some research. This is not my opinion here. I'm gonna walk briefly through about 11 things that would happen. This is from a well-known economist that understands food and food pricing. But let me first explain Rachel, and to our audience price control the ideas.


It sounds really great on the surface, right? Wait a second. You mean the government can, can pass legislation that would say we have to keep prices at this much. And it sounds really great 'cause Oh, the price of a combo meal or the price of, yeah, we Don't want to go up because it's Sounds great, but what actually happens? So I'm gonna roll through this really fast. I love It. This is economist kin. Yeah. So this is, this is, this is 1 0 1 economics 1 0 1. Here's how this would go. So the government would announce that grocery retailers cannot raise prices. In other words, this is price control, fixed prices, grocery stores, which operate on about a one to 2% margin. They're not gonna be able to su to survive if their suppliers raise prices.


So then the government says, oh, well you know what? Cattle farmers, you can't raise prices on beef right now. Stores crops in lower income areas, understand this. Low stores, grocery stores, we're talking about food here. Grocery stores in lower income areas, they make less money than higher income grocers because they sell a lot more of the prepackaged or processed food, think center of the store versus outside of the store where you're talking about fresh meat and fresh fruit and things of that nature. That's higher priced items. So they now can't cover their overhead because while their prices have to stay the same, they still have to pay people to actual work to actually work. And those prices aren't fixed.


So all of a sudden, watch this, you start to have food deserts in lower income areas, which Is current. That is happening to a degree, degree here. Starting to a degree, but we're talking massive. Yeah, yeah. This is on a, on a bigger scale, we're Talking. So think urban and think rural low income areas all of a sudden can't get food. Next margins for food producers, as I mentioned earlier, are eroding. So now they're having to deal with overhead. So now they're, they're dealing with real issues of we gotta reinvest with production capacity. Food producers are making lower margins so they stop making the products and then the grocery chain start competing with each other. 'cause now it's like there's only so much inventory. So they start competing. so what do they do?


They start negotiating. Well, we'll get you payment faster. And so then who gets cut out? That leads to the smaller food producers and the smaller grocers. They get cut out, they're out, out, go out of business. These are real jobs, real lives. Now watch the supply chain breaks down because the, the food, it's not, it's not available. Supply chain breaks down. And so now all of a sudden cities are assigning police officers outside of grocery stores to manage the crowds, the mobs that are standing in line waiting to get food. This is all real. Okay? This happened in the Great Depression. This is not a fantasy. It happens in Venezuela. To give an example, when you socialism and it turns into communist type type rule. So here's what happens now it gets really bad.


So the federal government goes, we gotta fix it. So they announced a program to come in and say, the federal government's in charge of all food distribution, you want the government in charge of your food distribution. So now everything's fixed. And now there's just people trying to make it and it's profiteering that actually can drive prices up. The very thing it was designed to not do. 'cause now it's like piracy. Yeah. It's like who's got the most cash? It's all the, yeah. Hey, I got $500 cash, my kids need food. Boom. It starts to get very civil worry. Very kinda weird. And I know this is a bleak picture, but it's important to understand this. And so you don't want your government managing your food supply chain.


It's one of the most complex supply chains we have. If you think about it from farm to table, you think about how complex it is. You want the government running that. That's essentially What. Kamala Harris is proposing, she's not the only person to propose it in the history of the world in economics. But I just wanna point out and That that's what happened. That that's the domino effect. That's the domino. So the first domino falls, and it may be a year, two years, four years, no, it's It way quicker Than that. And then it go, you know what I mean? But I'm not saying, but I'm saying like that's not gonna one to eleven's not gonna happen overnight. Not Overnight. And I think that's the And I think that's always the warning with, with policies. And that's why, you know, for for anyone going to vote, which I I love election season, I love all of this.


And, I am a proponent go vote, vote, vote, vote. But know what you're voting for. Right. Do the research and understand the policies from yeah. From the beginning to the end. It's A great point. And Go do your own research on what I just threw out there. Yeah, for sure. Go, go read about countries that have had price controlling and what that looks like. This is not fear mongering here. And what's interesting is the food specifically, I feel like people are already more and more information, even in the last, you know, five, six years is coming out about just food in general, right? I mean the the health and what's actually in our food, the processed stuff, the, you know, so much of that is even a conversation. So naturally people we're all kind of, or I, I don't wanna say all of us, we are a little bit suspecting like, okay, what, what really is in this?


And then you, and then it goes all the way down there where you're like, no, no, no. I like, take me. Yeah, take me off the grid, Ken. Yeah. That's where my prepping comes in. We're like, I you won't see me again. You, I mean, and listen My corn and my cows And you would have to In my butter. Yeah, You would have to in this scenario because the reality is You couldn't sustain, If the food is not there, then it is an all out scramble and it is rich against poor family. Against family. It, it can get that crazy. And, and by the way, I know for an American listening to this and they're maybe new to the show and they're like, what is Ken got in dark? No, no, no. Listen to this is happening in countries all around the world as a result of this type of socialistic policy.


It's a policy. I'm not calling anybody names. Yeah. This is the policy that has been floated. It's the perspective that, the viewpoint that you look through this, you got it in this, in this. Right. So do your homework is all we're saying. If you go do your homework on this and you go, Ken, I don't think that's the scenario, that's fine. But I, I do think it's important to understand that sometimes, well, not sometimes, many times what government means for good ends up screwing up the system. And capitalism isn't this stacked system that only helps the rich. It actually is an exchange of goods and services. It's actually great economic system. Right. And And I hope that I explain that. Well, So I try to, by the way, that's an hour long presentation that I did in two minutes.


But that's how that happens. You've gotta have the exchange of goods and services. Yes. There are moments in an economy where inflation goes up due to the supply and demand. And right now, and I'll give credit where credit's due. I've, I've, I've given Jerome Powell a hard time. I thought that the Fed got us in this mess that we're in. However, the, the raising of interest rates and holding that has, we've seen the inflation come down and, and so that's good. But there are just seasons where a pandemic and then this and this and this and So I, I, if you wanna control inflation, control your income, control how you spend Yep. Yep. Control what you can control. That's right. That's right.


Absolutely. And there are a ways to save money even when groceries are expensive. Right, Right. Totally. And And I, think Dave said it on, on Laura's show, but it's almost like let everyone just live. Like if the, you know what I mean? If the government would just take their hands off of That's right. Everything just, just go, It'll solve itself. But even I was looking at the tax differences even in Trump. 'cause a lot of the Trump tax policies are expiring next year. That's right. So even looking into that, you guys and knowing, hey, what's, what's up the death tax to the Yeah. You know, the child tax credit I think could go up under Harris's. So anyways, do your research everyone. Yeah. Your research. How's it gonna affect your pocketbook? Pay attention. This is The Ramsey Show.


Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app. This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money. We want you to win in your work. We want you to win with your relationships.


Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, the fabulous Rachel Cruz joins me this hour. We're here together to take your questions and let's get right to it. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is where we're gonna go next. Aaliyah, if I'm saying that right, is there for us? Is that, did I say your name right? Yes you did. Oh, how are you doing? Doing well. how are you? I'm good, thank you. How can we help today? So I'm calling because I'm 30-year-old. I live in Philadelphia and I've been unemployed since last August. Oh, so it was been a Year.


What happened? I know the job, the job market right now really sucks. Yeah. It is just exhausting to even speak about it. So right now, currently I am in debt of $77,957. And this includes student loans, personal loans, credit cards and car loans. And, I really don't know what direction to go into because I don't have any money to pay back the debt because I am unemployed. So I wanted to see, do you guys think I should file for a bankruptcy or should I strategize like a payment plan once I get employed again to start paying off my debt?


Yeah, I mean, I would say the latter. I mean, 77,000 is not being, I mean, I, I think you can get outta this. It's gonna take for sure some time and it, it life is gonna probably look different for a bit while you climb out of this. But I would not, if you had 700,000 or something we were talking then that probably would be a different story. But 77,000, you can do this. Like you can, we see it every day. This is a number that is manageable. I know it feels probably so overwhelming to you and especially since you haven't been earning an income, it feels like I'm completely underwater. But just hear us on this side. Say we talk to people every day that have more That's right. That have, you know, six figures and they're doing it. Okay. So, I do wanna give you hope Aaliyah that you can, you can do this. I think my biggest concern is the income side. And so what's been, yeah, has there not been anything that you've found since you said last August, so it's been almost a year.


I mean even, you know Yes. Like Target, Walmart, I mean any retail, anything possible. So I'm in the legal support field, so my roles have been like a paralegal and legal assistant. Okay. So, I was more so trying to get back into that field because it will bring in like a great income where I can get back on my feet. Yeah. What were you making? So As of my previous position, I was making 55. Okay. And how many, how many paralegal gigs have you tried to, to, to get in the last year? Ballpark? Oh goodness. I've been on several interviews and I've been ghosted by a lot of recruiters. I wanna say maybe since January to now I've been on maybe like seven or eight interviews.


Mm. Okay. That's defeating. I'm so sorry. What were you making? Did I That's okay. What were you making? 55. 55. Okay. So here's a question for you. 55 in the last three seconds while you were talking, I went on my computer. And I typed in virtual paralegal, And I, saw all kinds of sites. Have you looked into doing virtual paralegal work? Not necessarily. I don't really, I don't know if, I don't really trust those like type of ads. So, I haven't really looked into Al This isn't an ad. This isn't an ad. I pulled up. Th this is, this is an actual company that supplies virtual paralegals for people who need them. It came to me immediately that when you've got a virtual opportunity like that, the barrier for entry might be a little bit less.


I don't know, I don't know what's going on in your interviews. I will tell you that I, I hear stories every day of people that have been ghosted and I'm sorry about that. But, but I, Leah, I'm telling you there are no more, well, I, I've holding out for that paralegal job. I'm gonna give you some tough love here. Hopefully in a non tough way, you need to be working at Walmart or Target or, or driving or doing something. You, your target is $20 an hour, $25 an hour. If you gotta do some manufacturing, you are doing whatever it takes. Is that below the, the professional level you've been on the past? Yes. Is it beneath you?


No. That is dignified work. You know, men and women all over Philadelphia that do that work. It is not beneath you. But right now, to Rachel's point, you can actually dig out of this, but I believe you can make the equivalent of $55,000 an hour with a good job like I just described. E even if it's an hourly rate and then a second job, you are gonna have to work your way out of this. And And, I believe you actually can, and, and Rachel can walk you through what you would do on the snowball side of things if you're not familiar with it. But I'm telling you right now, there is no reason someone as sharp as you are is not working for one year other than the fact that you've been defeated and you've been rejected.


And that's really, really hard. And it, and it stinks. And let me also say this, the research from psychology studies show that losing a job, being laid off or fired is the same emotional impact of losing a loved one. So, I wanna acknowledge to you that it's okay for you to be down 'cause that's normal. But you're, you're 12 months into this and you're calling us saying, should I bankrupt myself? And the answer is no. Yeah. So, I wanna bring in Rachel here, but I, but I I wanna tell you, Leah, you've got to get serious about doing any job right now and then look at maybe that virtual paralegal and some things like that to get, to get maybe a little bit more momentum.


Okay? Yeah. So thank you. Yeah. And, I. Think Aaliyah, I think the, I think the, the hard reality that you're gonna face, like anybody in a situation like this is that in order to get a different result, you have to change 180 everything that you've been doing. So, right. The, the leaning on debt, leaning on credit cards, leaning on just this idea that, you know, I hope I get a job and I'm gonna try, but if I don't, I'm just gonna keep trying while not doing something else. Like it's, it's gonna be a 180 to the point Aaliyah, that, you know, I, I want you to call us a year from now and be like, people are accusing me that I'm a workaholic, right? I've been, I have three jobs and I'm working 7:00 AM to 7:00 PM I'm exhausted and all of it because to get out of this debt, there's gonna, it's gonna be tough.


Like, it's gonna be long hours, a lot of different things. You may piecemeal, you know, a retail job here, Uber Eats there, you know, maybe you're, maybe you tutor someone that's, that's trying to be a paralegal too on the side for four Absolutely. For four hours a week, week here. I mean like anything you can do to piecemeal while you hopefully land a $55,000 job somewhere. And then while you're doing that, you're still probably gonna work part-time somewhere else again, just to climb out of this debt. So the way we, the way we help people get outta debt is like, it is, it is vengeance. Like you are, you are, everything is going towards this every amount of energy time. And if you do that for a short amount of time, if you put that much work and that much focus and that much intensity, this 77,000 is gonna be cleaned up.


I mean, it will, it'll be cleaned up in 24 months. If you just say, you know what, I, I'm doing this, I'm living on nothing, I'm working hard, And, I, And, I'm gonna be focused. so what I want you to do, Aliya, I want you to write out all of your debts separately. So if you have five credit cards, write them up in five separate debts, personal loans, write those out, your car loan, And, I want you to list them out. Smallest amount to largest amount, regardless of the interest rates, I want you to pay minimum payments on everything, okay? With this job that you're gonna be getting you, I want you to stay current on all of your bills from the debt and your, your food, shelter, utilities, transportation, making sure all that's covered. And, I want you to pay off that smallest debt first. So if it's a $2,000 credit card, that's your number one goal.


We're going after that. Get a thousand dollars emergency fund before you do all this. But hold on the line. Christian's gonna pick up and I'm gonna give you a financial peace university. This is our, our seven lesson course. That really is gonna be nine lesson course that's gonna be able to walk you through how to really start this process and to get you on the right page league. 'cause I believe You can do this. I really do. I think your life's gonna look different, but I think that's such a good thing. It's gonna bring dignity back to you, Aaliyah. You're doing great. Girl. Gotta Run. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey. Show.


Hey you guys. Emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The, Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care Medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep, throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one. And you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget. It's like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz joins me. The phone number for you to join us is triple eight eight two five five two two five triple eight eight two five five two two five.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Now we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans, there's Why. Refi. We trust Why Refi because they help you with low fixed interest rates that you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get outta of debt. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's the letter YREF y.com/ramsey. It may not be available in all states.


All right, today's question, this is probably gonna be for you, Ken. Alright, get ready, Rebecca. In Delaware, I changed my career path two months ago due to a job layoff, my income went down by $30,000 a year. With a new salary of a hundred k, I can work remotely most of the time with a flexible schedule and unlimited PTOA recruiter at a different company contacted me just this week about an opening that would give me a promotion and an annual pay of 115,000 plus and a $10,000 signing fee sign on fee. This role requires me to be in the office and does not have unlimited pt. I also don't feel experienced enough to go confidently into this role. However, we're trying to pay off debt and this additional income would allow us to pay off our debt six months faster if I switch.


Well, I look like a job hopper. And does it seem like it's worth all the trade-offs? The flexible unlimited PTO with two small children is hard to give up. Yeah. Okay. So this pretty straightforward for me. Okay. To answer the first question, does it make you look like a job hopper? No. If you were to do this one or two more times in about that frame of time, yes you would look like a job hopper. But in this situation I would, I would treat this as kind of like a free agent in sports. You know, and another team wants you. They come, they offer you a better package and you say, you know what? I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go to this team over here. But just as a free agent in sports has to decide, is it just about the money or is it also about the chance to win?


So if I'm in a free agent, if let's say I'm an NFL team, And, I've got a team that's one of the worst teams in the league, that's offered me not too much more money. 'cause this is a not too much more money. Yeah. 15,000. Yeah. When you break that down, I know the $10,000 bonus sounds great, but for the trade off I'm gonna ask myself, do I wanna win or do I wanna make more money? And for me, I would like to win and knowing that more money's gonna take care of itself. So in this situation, this question here, I'm gonna say I wouldn't take this new job for a couple of reasons. One, you don't feel like you're experienced enough for it. And that doesn't mean you shouldn't take it, but there's a little bit of a curve there where you're going, I'm not sure I'm ready for that.


And, and so that's somewhat of a negative. The second thing is, is the, the PTO, the children, the flexibility that she's giving up, I think I'd say no to this without having a chance to go back and forth with her. Yep. Yep. But I'd say no. I would say I was gonna say no too. And then I think that fires you up to, to, to pay it off earlier by coming up with a way to make 10 grand. That's Right. That's right. Yeah. I'd Stay where you are based on what I'm hearing. Yeah. Because the debt payoff, that's for a, that's a short term goal, right? Your career's long term. That's right. And you're setting yourself up in a job hopefully, that you'll continue to make more money as you continue to stay in it, like you were saying. And long term, this is a better gig for you from just a a time standpoint.


Right, right. The, the ability to the flexibility and all of that. Yeah. And as a mom with two small kids, I totally get that versus a short-term thinking mindset of oh yeah, I can make, I agree. You know, some extra can Pay up all to save six months on the debt payoff. Yep. I don't think it's a good trade. It's not, yeah. Not a good trade for the long term. Yeah. Thanks for the question though. Really good stuff. Thank you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number. We're gonna go north of the border. Calgary, Alberta is where Jimmy is joining us. Jimmy, how can we help? Hey guys, how are you doing this morning? Good, how are you? Good afternoon, sorry. Very good, thank you very much. I'm 23 years old. I started trucking over the road last year and it's given me a big shovel to pay off all my debt.


Awesome. And I'm currently debt free, saving up for three to six months worth of expenses. And I. Guess the next step for me would either be buying a house or buying a semi-truck to basically just drive for my myself. Just wondering what your take would be on that. Yeah. Okay. Quick question on that. Help me understand if you were, let's say you had the cash today. 'cause we don't want you to, to, to use debt, you know that. So let's say we bought the semi-truck today. What, how much more money would that allow you to make driving for yourself? Basically double, which would be 75,000 extra a year.


How much would a semi cost you? Right now in Canada it's between 30 and 70,000 depending on what kind of luxury I want. But I am planning on buying it with cash. And, and what's the range there that you represented? Is that in quality or just age? Basically both. So either like a convers T six 60, which just an older kind of like an old truck with a Yeah. With a bit of a worse you Said something and So you'll make 75,000 more. Yeah. How much are you making currently? Like how, like what would your total be if you owned your own truck per year?


My total would be about 130 ish. Okay. That's Great. So I'm make making about, yeah, You said something that, that interested me. You said if I buy it in Canada and I'm wondering can you come to the States and get one and would it be significantly cheaper? Absolutely. Yeah. I, I go to the states all the time. So Could you get a cheaper semi here? I don't think So I think they're the same. A lot cheaper in Canada right now. Oh good. Okay. It sounded cheap to me when you said 30 grand for a semi. I was, I Didn't dang. Yeah, didn't, I was just curious. Yeah, that's a good question. I'm, I'm helping you think through all these things, but, but yeah, I think I would do that if I were you. You're single.


I am single. Yep. My period. So how long, how long is it gonna take you to get to baby step three, which is your three to six months. When are you gonna be completed with that? Within the next month. Nice. So then how long would it take you to save up the semi money? Just about one year. I at your age? I would do that. I'd absolutely save for that. If you change your mind. Rachel, here's what I'm thinking here. If for some reason in that year, if saving he goes, ah, I think I want go into whatever X, Y, Z, he still got that cash for a down payment on a home. That's right. But I like him being self-employed and doubling his income. So great. Yeah. 'cause to, to plant where you are, you know, long term, you know, you're 23 single, like you never know what a year or two can bring, you know, to Yeah.


To we'll bring you, because usually with a house we say five years is kind of the sweet spot to outr the market and to kind of get everything, get your money back and make money on it. So, I would wanna be somewhere long term before I bought. Are you, you said you're living with your parents? You bet. Yes. Okay. And So cost is very, very low for me. Okay. Yeah. That's great. How long are you on the road for? Or how, how Yeah, versus how long are you just at your parents' house? So basically like two weekends out of the month I am at home the rest of the time. I'm either Okay. Yeah. Perfect. Or that's great because I, because yeah. For those of you listening, like our stance with living with parents, it is, if you have a goal and a timeline, like absolutely take advantage of that.


He's not Even living with him. No, he Is not. That's what I was gonna say. But yeah. You know, but but in a situation like this, there's not really a, a push to get you out. I stay because you're not, yeah. You don't need to be paying full rent 'cause you're not home. I love, you're not home. So well done Jimmy. Yeah, I would invest in the semi, I would and man, you'll make so much money over the next couple of years and that will give you, I I think saving up for a down payment on a home eventually I think is gonna be, yeah, definitely a goal for you. I don't wanna put an age to it necessarily. I think it's more season of life knowing you're gonna be planted somewhere for a long time. But having a, getting a house sooner than later I think is a, is a smart move. 'cause the housing prices continue to go up. So Rachel, would you say that he's got, he's about ready to finish baby step three.


Can we do a three A is the semi and and then three B is the house And then Yeah, that's right. Yeah, totally. Is that, is that what you think the order is? I think, I think that's it. I think Jimmy goes for semi first then down payment second there go and you'll be able to get a down payment pretty quick. And Jimmy, that's the thing is you can get, you know, again the, the buying real estate for you for the next step. Even if you're still doing this job and you're not home, it's just getting into the market. So it may just be a condo, a two bedroom, one bedroom. Yeah. Townhouse or something. You know, it doesn't, it's not, it doesn't have to be a big house, but it's the idea that you're getting into the market and for that to be a great investment because the equity's gonna rise on that property throughout the years. So I. Love that. Getting into it. Next would be great Jimmy. Well done Jimmy. Yeah, well Done. Good.


Jimmy, random question. Any chance you're in the semi right now? I am actually in this part. Can you Give us, can you pull the horn? Everybody be quiet. Pull the horn. I can do that. Yes. It's my favorite moment all time on The. Ramsey Show right there. I just gave him the signal. One more time. Jimmy to take us to break. Give us two. Yes. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day. Find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions


dot com slash agent. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Rachel Cruz joins me and we are here for you. The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. We wanna help you win in your relationships, in your work and in your money. And speaking of winning with your money, you know a lot of people right now Rachel are watching what is the Fed gonna do? We've seen the interest rates on mortgages come down a little bit off of a several year high and everybody's going, do I buy, do I sell right now? What do I do? And we've got some great advice for 'em. Yeah, And even in the, this showed Ken, I feel like we've had a lot of home questions even about like, Hey, what's my next step?


Well, the, the goal is to make your home and home ownership a blessing, not a burden. And so if you are in a place where you're like, okay, I'm thinking about selling, I'm thinking about buying, maybe I'm a first time home buyer, you know, having that 5% down payment is crucial. A 15 year fixed rate mortgage is what we recommend and for your payments, we know more than 25% of your take home pay. It's kinda always been our formula for, for decades regardless of what the housing market is doing. That just keeps your household budget in a good spot. But finding a house and specifically finding an agent that you trust who's really incredible and of high caliber in this area is really important. So the Ramsey trusted program really is the only way to find an agent that you can trust to keep you on track with what we teach here at Ramsey.


And they're gonna get the best offer on your house or is going to help you find the right house. We send you to some of the top agents in your area who we trust and you get to review their stats. You get to interview them and decide which one you wanna work for. 'cause we have multiple and different markets across the country. Ramsey trusted agents have years of experience and will help you make wise decisions when it comes to pricing the marketing or in choosing the right offer as well. If you're getting multiple offers. So to Find a Ramsey, Trusted, Real, Estate Agent for free, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and again, use this resource you guys because this is home buying the majority of people. It's the largest investment you make. That's right. In your personal finance. Yeah. Your personal finances.


So do it well and do it right with an agent that, that we trust so that you can trust as well. So Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Yeah, Good stuff. Alright, let's get back to the phones. Kansas City is where we're gonna go. And Jerry's there Jerry, how can we help? Yes, my question relates to the national public data breach and what sort of steps should I be taking to kind of make sure my social security that you use to open a line of credit with that or what, what, you know, what kind of Yeah. Things should I expect to do.


Yeah, I mean there's a, there's a couple things Jerry. You know, number one, you can just freeze your credit if you're not currently in debt or using debt, you can do that. That's a, that's a line of protection. But having identity theft insurance Yes, yes, yes. Is really, really key. It's really inexpensive. And So, I would recommend going to xandr.com Xandr, who we use. They actually, they, that's one of the benefits here at Ramsey. Solutions is every employee, every team member gets identity theft as part of working here. That's how much we believe in it because stuff like this is gonna happen more and more. So yeah, honestly, I would go to yeah, xandr.com and check out their identity theft protection. And, I would, I would get a policy on you. I'd get a policy of every person in your household honestly too. Because even kids we're seeing identity theft, you know, happening within kids as well and people running up stuff on their credit. And I mean it's just, it is wild. So I would do that. There's a number here on our screen that you can call as well. Jerry, it's eight hundred three five six two four two eight two three five six four two eight two. And yeah, that's what I would do personally. Jerry And I. And then, I mean that's a, that's as much offense as I know to do Ken. Yeah. On this. Unless something does happen, then you do have to take action. But if you have identity theft protection Yeah. They go in and do a lot for you. So just to kinda catch people up who may not know the story here, and Jerry, I'm glad you bring this up, just kind of let people know. 'cause you need to know that it was widely reported that hackers may have stolen the social security numbers of every American. That's me, Rachel. That's, that's all of you. And so there is a, a notorious hacking group that's, that has claimed to have stolen a ton of information. And so this is being reported across a lot of news networks and, and you can find this story. So that's, it Happened, what, two weeks ago? Yeah, just last week actually. Or Last week. Okay. Yeah. So, so that's what you can do. This is how you kind of check. So do that freeze just exactly what Rachel said until you can check everything and then go get protected with xandr Xandr Insurance xandr.com 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 xandr.com. And they do a great job. We get an email every month, tells us we're good or what might be something we need to check into. And that protection is Awesome. And there's other services like delete me and other places too that, that are incredible for, for online scammers as well. So identity theft protection, again, you guys, it protects your identity, social security, all of that. But then you think about how much are I, how much our information, not necessarily social security number, but just your address, your phone number, I mean, all this I'm getting blown up political, all of the political stuff. Oh yeah. And I'm like, where did my number get sold to? Like what list is, you know, is this to Right? So there's full on companies that help people get their information off. But it's gonna be, I mean that's, that's part of the curse of 2024 and technology. 'cause I mean, I don't know about you can, but I do, I plug in my information on stuff. So whether it's, you know, you're, you're shipping something to, you know, or buying something, whatever it is, it's just your, I mean it feels like I'm, yeah. I'm putting in my information a lot on websites And, and by the way, and just in the overabundance of giving you all information, the three credit bureaus that Rachel's talking about, again, Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion. You just, it's a free deal. Call 'em or do it online. You can pull Yeah. And put a freeze on your credit and, and and, and that will And pull your report once a year. Report you guys report regardless of whether it's a data breach or not, not make sure you pull your, and you can do that for free. Yeah. Once a year. So use those, each of those companies and Yeah. Get three reports. Yeah. Three times a year. All right. Let's, let's go to John now in Los Angeles. John, how can we help? Hey there. How's it going guys? Good, how Are you? Pretty good. How can we Help? So yeah, so I've been in college pretty much all my life. I'm about 33. I'll be graduating with a PhD next year. My wife just graduated so she started working. So it's the first time we really have a real income and a shovel. So we have a hundred thousand dollars in debt, no retirement savings and we kind of wanna look into buying a household next year when I graduate. No, but we're not really sure. Yeah, No John With first. No John, we're interrupting 'cause you're not catching. No, no, no, No, no. Okay. John, what are y'all gonna be making household income together? Combined? So right now, today combined we make one 70. Okay. When I start working, it should be two 30. Great. When I finish my postdoc, 'cause I still need a little bit more, it should be about two 80 in about three years. Three years. Okay. But in the next four months, six months, what will it be Still one 70 while I'm finishing up my PhD. And when will it bump up to two 30? How long When I find a job? Probably next summer. So probably a year. 12 months in July And September next year. Yeah. Perfect. Is the debt all student loans? It's 60,000 in student loans, 40,000 in car loans. Oh, Okay. What's the car breakdown? What do you own each car? It is 17 and 23,000. Okay. Both pay off in about four years. Yeah. Okay. how are you guys, you guys currently are making one 70 though, right? Is what you said? Yeah, so take home is 10,000 a month. Okay. And basic necessities is between three and 4,000. Okay. So Mike, there's a lot of Room there to tackle it. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. Yeah. No, you guys have a great income, which I'm so thankful for and it'll continue to go up. Yeah. I think my goal, John, for you guys, if I was you between now and next summer, is I would be working on these car loans and you may rent some numbers and see what could you sell the 17 for the $17,000 one? They would both break even So I was just looking at it. Okay. And Because I just Think they, we owe pretty much exactly what can trade in. Okay. Okay. You know, I mean to jumpstart this, I mean, you're not overly heavy in cars by any means from our, you know, math when it comes to, to when we look at car debt versus income. But I would, I would make it a goal. Yeah, John to, to be cash flowing the rest of your school. I would make it a goal to start paying off that smallest debt. So even if it's a small student loan more before the car, you know, just start working that debt snowball working the smallest debt to the largest debt and then be saving in emergency funds. And then I would save for a down payment on a home. But, but I'm really encouraged though, 'cause your numbers, you guys can make some significant progress really fast if you stay focused and you guys have a plan. So tonight lay out a timeline between now and the next three years and have some data points to say, yep, we want the car, you know, paid off here. We want this student loan paid off here. And, and you kind of map it out to know that you guys will get to a saving to a down payment, ASAP, which is where I want you guys. So Well done. Thanks for the call. Thanks for the call John. We'll be back. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey folks. There's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there. But here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor Ramsey. Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. This is The Ramsey Show, we're thrilled that you are joining us.


I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel. Cruz joins me this hour by the way. I meant to tell you I love the denim jacket. Oh, Well thanks Ken. Yeah. Very nice. Appreciate that. Very nice. Ken's always my fashion buddy. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So this is fun. It's time Rachel. Ask me what time it's, What time is it Ken? It's time for one of my favorite new segments. It's called, sorry I missed your call. Oh. But we, we'll get back to you as soon as we can. That's right. And now we're coming back. We get A lot of calls that we can't get to live on the show. We have our voicemail and so we wanna try to get to some of those. 'cause man, it's a bummer. I mean, you know what, I'm trying to call somebody I wanna get ahold of. I hate voicemail. Oh, It's the worst. But We are here for you people.


So here we go. This is from Samantha. I'm calling because I think No, I know we have, do we have the voicemail? We Got it. Oh, I apologize. It'd be nice if I brief myself on the actual segment so we actually hear the A voicemail. Ken is where you leave your voice. I know, but I thought I was on a digital mailbox. I thought I was reading it today because it's right here in front of me. All right. I apologize. Let's go. Go ahead. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Samantha, I'm Calling because I've been married for 20 years. And I have a lot of frustration and resentment towards my husband because he has no passions or drive or ambition. And his salary has not increased more than 3% in the last 20 years.


And anything that I want in this life for myself or my children, I'm responsible for getting for us. And I'm tired. And, I feel I'm loved and taken care of and I'm not sure if I should be stepping away from this relationship. Wow. Wow, wow, Wow. Man. That was a doozy. It's heavy. So a couple things right outta the gate for Samantha. I think the resentment is, 'cause I think she thinks he's lazy. And, I. Don't think this guy's lazy. I think he's lost. I now lazy is, could very well be a symptom of being lost.


But he has no vision for his future. And as a result, no direction. And when you have no direction, you No purpose Feel frozen. A hundred percent. And so I'm just kind of backing into that. There's a lot going on here and that's the first thing I see as a male. I wanna bring you in on this one. But the second thing that I see is, is that he, he needs help that she cannot give. And that's what makes this even more frustrating for Samantha because a guy who's in this situation Yeah, Yeah. His wife can't be the one who goes snap out of it, you Know? Right. No, no, No. And that's really, The change has to come within him.


It does. And he needs some help. Yes. And Samantha, if you're listening, I would love for you to reach out to us And. I would love to, to get him connected with one of our coaches because we've, we've got some financial coaches that can also help him on the kind of career stuff. And some of my Stuff. Well I need, I was gonna say get Ken's Assessment. No, that's What I'm saying. If we have her contact y'all, let's send her Ken's assessment. Yeah. Let's Get the assessment for him and find the work you're wire to do. But my point is, is that he needs someone outside a therapist. Maybe even get in touch with our friends at BetterHelp. Yeah. You know? Totally. And just talk to somebody. I was gonna say, not to sound like John Delony here, but the, but the rate of male depression is very real. Oh, it's great. And it, and it's not tapped into because guys won't Yeah.


You know, get the help of the help you realize it's Of And I. And I'm not being selfish here on the content that I care about, I'm telling you. But one of the major reasons is when a guy doesn't feel like he's making a difference in the world. Yep. He begins to think that he doesn't matter and he, oh, he starts to, starts to not even notice the role of husband and father because there's men unfortunately more so than than ladies. Yep. We tend to put too much worth in our professional success. That's Right. Totally. Well, And I was gonna say too, I don't think it would bother me if his income raised only 3% over 20 years if he was doing something Yeah. That he was incredible at and that he loved and was passionate about. Do you know what I mean? Like Yeah. I think that that agree would agree overcompensate.


I think both are hitting her on both ends of it financially. She doesn't feel taken care of and alone. Yes. That's right. And then on the other end, she doesn't see any emotional drive from him and which means he's probably a crappy husband too, right? To I think he is. Yeah. So like he's not, I think he's a zombie Yeah. To every part, every role that's right. Of his life. And and that's what needs to be addressed. Yeah. Not just the money side of it. And so Yeah. I mean, Smith, that is, that's that, that is a really difficult thing. And that And I would encourage you always, when we talk about money and marriage and there's one spouse that's kind of like Oh my gosh. Raising a lot of concerns. Like the number one question always is have you told him? Mm. Yeah. Because the amount of times that people haven't and the resentment builds 'cause it's in the head and it's, golly, this and you, and you sit there internally for so long that starts to wear on you Samantha.


So I think it needs to be communicated. And I think it's fair as a wi, as a, as a wife, that you are in a relationship with someone that you don't feel loved by on many different levels. Yeah. To say out loud, I need to see some things change. Yeah. And I'm gonna create boundaries for myself. Yeah. In order to protect myself in that way. Even within a marriage. Like I think that there is a, a level of that that you're right. Needs to be said and is okay. And and it's not to threaten him or to give those, give him this ultimatum. I don't like that either. But it's to say like, I care about our kids and my own health. And Well, let tell you why you're spot on. And Emotional health is Okay. You, you've actually nailed it. Thank you Ken. Well, Lemme tell you what, Love when people say that On behalf of all men in all Seriously?


Yes. Go. The reason that she needs to say that is 'cause he might very well be unaware. I I I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm not even trying to be funny right now. Yeah. I'm saying that men, I was, I was telling a single gal this morning in our office who was telling a couple of us about her dating life. And. I was like, you might wanna have some of your friends tell this guy that you, that you're kind of into him 'cause there's a good chance he doesn't know. You didn't even Know Be be And. I was And. I was joking. I was having fun with that. But dead serious. Sure. And I think that that men, many times he might be shocked to your point, that you gotta tell him you don't feel safe. Because what she's saying is I don't feel safe Totally. Financially. Yep. Probably dead involved.


They're probably paycheck to paycheck. We're probably inferring some things that are probably correct. Right. However, what you said that was so spot on is she's gotta tell him how she feels because he may not be aware. He's so soul sucked. Like it's, the soul has been sucked out of his body probably. Yep. Yep. And he's just trying to make it through. And I'm not in any way giving this guy a break from his dude. No, no, no. But it's the why it, But it might be the wake up call that this guy needs is to hear from his wife and go and he's like, what? And, and 'cause so many guys just, I'm just speaking on behalf of all men. We're pretty clueless a lot of times you kind of have to spell it out for us. Yep, Yep.


Is that fair to say? Yes. You know what I mean? I can't even find the mustard Kelly in my own refrigerator. Well, and another quote that I've heard, Delony has said it. He, it's not his quote, it's another psychologist, but it's so good. And it says always choose guilt over resentment. Yeah. And I think that is brilliant. 'cause she may feel like, golly, I just feel maybe she doesn't, but she could think, oh my God, I feel guilty. I don't wanna make him feel worse. I feel, you know, whatever, whatever, whatever. Yeah. And because of that, she's been stuffing all of these emotions. Could be that's turned into resentment with, with what we heard on the call. So choose guilt over resentment all day, all day. And so for her to, yeah. Step up. And that's the hardest thing about marriage.


We, we do a lot of money in marriage content here at Ramsey. And actually De John Delony, And I, Dr. John Delony, And I have a mar money in marriage conference that we're doing. The October one in a few months is, is sold out. But you're able to go to the Valentine's one in February. So if you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events, you can check that out. But I'm saying all that to say, this is a topic we're very passionate about, but the hard thing about marriage kitten is that a lot of people think, oh gosh, we gotta fix the marriage. But 99.9% of the time you gotta fix you. I Agree. You know what I mean? Like it's, I agree. You're the one coming to the table within the marriage. And so that individual health is so key. That's why for him, I would, I would Yeah.


Encourage him to go To, I'd love to coach. I'd love to coach him up. I I'm gonna tell you, I've taken this call for years on The Ken Coleman Show from women who were just being like, my husband's in a funk. Yep. He's in a rut. He's and and they're not lazy. They're lost. Yes. That's Good. I think that's, yeah. But, but the laziness and the way it comes across, like he doesn't have any initiative. Yeah. That's a function of having no direction. And then the other thing I'll say real quick and then I know we'll we in the second Yeah. I gotta Make a quick Announcement. Yeah. Is that the, sometimes people are such hard drivers and it's like, oh my God. And if you don't live up here with them, oh yeah. You're lazy. So not saying she's saying that. Oh but also That's Interesting. Everyone's different. Yeah. Maybe she runs faster. Alright. Hey, for all of you listening on your favorite podcast app or via YouTube, the show is about to end.


But more calls are already lined up. And you can get those only on The, Ramsey Network mobile app. It's the app. It's the only place you get the full episodes of The, Ramsey Show. So if you're listening on radio, you don't have anything to worry about, stay right where you are. Two ways to get the app. Click the link in the show notes or search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play. Great Hour. Rachel Cruz. We'll be back with more. Before you know it, Hey, you're still here.


What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.