
Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am a Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author and host of The Dr. John Delony Show. John Delony And your best friend, but, And my BFF. You don't have to say that one either. My good friend's John Delony. So we are answering your questions about your life, your relationships, your money. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five and we are here for you. All right. Starting us off this hour is Holly in Portland, Oregon. Hey Holly, welcome to the show. Hi. Hi. Hello. Hello. What's up? Hey, I have a difficult question and I'm really glad that I get to talk to both of you about it.


Absolutely. Let it rip. Okay. I have to have a really hard conversation with my husband. I have to basically tell him in a loving way that I really don't care what his dreams and aspirations are, that I really just need him to get a better job. Oh, fantastic. This is incredible. Okay. Dig in. How I don't care. Like this is a wife, the end Of her rope, you know, so she's really resolved. That's all I was gonna say. Holly knows I love it. Wife. The end, end of her rope. I don't care what your stupid dreams are. I don't care when the, when you think the Avon sale is gonna finally come through you, you Just need to make money. Like we're hungry, like, so Yeah.


Tell us where you're at. Okay, so we've been married for 17 years and we have five kids and another on the way. Oh wow. First 10 years. He was active duty in the military. That was really, really hard on our relationship and we made choices. He chose to get out because our family is more important and that stability is more important. And we made choices. Like I gave up my career. I'm a preschool teacher by trade and gave that up to be with our kids. And we, I just, he's underemployed.


He is working like, Yeah. What's his situation now, job wise? He, he took a job that guarantees him 30 hours a week as a school bus driver. He has two degrees. So we already did the hard work of getting like he got those since we've been married. How, How, how either degree, how is he supporting five kids one on the way with being a bus driver? It's really hard. He does get some disability, but it's not like complete or anything. And Holly is his, is his mindset like he's happy because he has time with the family? It's not that much. I am not stressed and all of that. Or is he, does he feel undervalued at at all?


Like, is he looking or talking about other things? I, He is such a sweetheart. I think he really likes what he does and he loves working with the people he works with. He's job hopped. He's experienced a lot of job loss since he left the military. And he finally has found a, a job that he really likes or the people really seem to appreciate him, but he, it doesn't make up for the fact that he is underpaid and we're huffling well, baby, step two. Or like really working the debt snowball to the best of our ability. I have been working like 50 hours a week trying to open my own daycare, which didn't go well because of other things.


But I've been working and bringing in as much as I can. And so the problem is that all these side hustles brought our income up to the point where we're bringing in almost $10,000 a month. But I'm, I'm due soon and most of my students have left because of my pregnancy. Which is understandable and well, Yeah. And you're, and you're working so much to make that versus like having a 40 hour a week job where you're making 80 or whatever it is. Yeah. But, but how much So, but Holly what I'm hearing underneath everything is how much of this is, and all of these things are real and they're not, they're not inherently bad.


I just wanna get to the honest pain point here. Number one, when I was, I'm trying to think of the, my last title when I was the chief student affairs officer, Dean of Students slash associate Provost, I remember what my title is. It was long. I remember my wife, and this is her laughing and joking, but also like when she was at a dinner party, she sure liked saying, my husband is a dean of students and a college executive than a YouTuber. Does it matter that financially we're better off? Does it matter that I'm helping way more people? It was a funny thing, but she's like, yeah, it was cool. And I got to say that, so is this, you don't like going to talking to other moms and saying, well, my husband's a bus driver.


Is that number one? Number two, I hear you. You, you've entered into comparison world or scorekeeping world and that's a dangerous place for relationships. I gave up my career. I'm doing this, I'm working so hard and I'm about to not be able to work hard. 'cause I'm giving, I'm creating another human I'm about to give birth to. And so is this about you keeping score and saying, Hey, you're not as tired at the end of the day as I am? Or is this I'm looking at a man I love who can give value to the world and we don't have enough for groceries. Like, where's the pain point here? Or maybe it's a cocktail of all of that. I I, I didn't grow up with money or, or anything.


My, it doesn't matter to me what he does. I don't care about his title. Okay. And, and I've been a stay at home mom off and on, and that's what I would prefer to do. Okay. But I'm fine with making sacrifices for our family. I'm not asking him to do anything that I haven't done. And I think he sees what I do and acknowledges it and it's very grateful. I don't think it's a comparison thing for me. I think it's just that I'm scared because we're about to lose Half your income. That's It. Half our income. Yeah. Yeah. That's where you start. That right there is the most honest statement. 'cause that's different than you called and saying, and again, I'm I'm with you.


Not at you. Okay. So yeah. But that's you calling and saying, I'm about, I have to tell my husband, I don't care about his dreams and his whatever. He's gotta get another job. That's different than you saying, Hey honey, we we're about to face a math problem. And me as a stay-at-home mom of six, I'm, I'm terrified. Well, I I tried to have that conversation and he's like, well, maybe I wanna be a teacher, which means he has to go back to school. And then if you look at the salary that it starting pay for teachers in our state. Yeah. You don't, y'all make, like, this sounds awful, but y'all made choices to have six to create six humans. So that means you can't afford to make $42,000. That's, that's the trade. No.


Yeah, I agree. And or live in Portland. Right, Right. Well, we live outside of Portland in a much cheaper area, but he thinks we can make up the, the gaps with the side hustles, which we've been doing. But Y'all, you, y'all aren't gonna be able to do side hustles anymore. You're out. Yeah. And the side and the side hustle world is for a season, it's not ongoing to support's seven, you know, a seven person family And, and eight person. He's up against like time. He doesn't have any anymore hours in the day to do another side hustle. He already has like two part-time gigs plus his bus driving. So I, i if I, if I'm you, I would sit down and start with, I wanna map this out for the next six months.


I want us to be honest about the money. Not well, I hope here, and I think I've got a deal here and I'm trying to build this. We're not at that place right now. I wanna be honest about what's coming down the road for six months. We need to sit down and make a plan. I'm scared to death. Will you help me with this? And this is not that. That's how you get underneath the dream part. I need this written down. How much money will you bring in from these side hustles? Not fantasy, not fiction. I needed to know based on the last three months, what are we gonna do the next three to six months? And then you look and say, we don't have enough money for you to go be a teacher. I want you to be, we need good teachers. I would love for more men to be teachers, but our family has for us right now, we can't afford to do that. And so we're gonna have to make some, we're gonna have to make some sacrifices, whether it's time, whether it's this quote unquote passion and purpose right now.


We just can't do it.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out. And you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY to find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Well, John, you're gonna be busy this spring. You and Dave are hitting the road. Yes. It's gonna be a wild tour. Me and me and Dave. Yeah. The money and relationships tour. You guys are going to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, Kansas City, all through the end of April. End of April and early May. So if those are any of your cities near you or you wanna travel to destination cities, make sure to Yeah. See if you guys can, can come because it's going to, you guys are really, you know, creating this event in a really unique way that the audience gets to decide a lot of the content in these three cities, which is so fun. Yeah. It's, and it will be Wheels Off, which I'm looking forward to Wheels off the bus. Yeah. You are one of only like a few people on the planet who have had the experience of being on stage with Dave when y'all kind of have an outline of what y'all are gonna do. And then he where then just gets in the driver's seat and he hits the gas and you're like, oh, this is where we're going. So we, we go, we Right. And so I'm, I am as nervous for this as I've been for anything in a long time. I can't wait. Yeah, It's gonna be, it's gonna be fun. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour and get your tickets for the money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony, Dave RAMSEY. It's gonna be, can't wait. Train wrecks on stage. It'll gonna be fantastic. Wheels off the bus. I'm just kidding. Nowadays people like, and you know this, we both do it, but you get on like a tour cycle. Yeah. And so if you hear like your favorite person on the podcast and you see 'em pop up, sometimes we just have the same points talking about the same thing. What I love about this is if whatever night you show up, it's gonna be a different event, man. Yes. And that's, I, I don't get to do that that very often. So I'm excited about it. Yeah, that's Gonna be Fun. We, we'll Have a blast. So, great. So great.


Alright, next we have Andrew in Dayton, Ohio. Hey Andrew, welcome to the show. I appreciate you having me. Absolutely. How can we help? So I'm in a bit of a particular situation right now, just to kind of debrief you on my situation. I have no debt other than a mortgage. Me and my father are in a little bit of a dispute whether I should pay off my current mortgage, which is on an investment property that I don't live in first or save as much money as I can and put it into a primary residence. Where are you living now? I'm currently living around Dayton and I still live at home with my parents.


Oh, your home. Okay. So is this disagreement your dad wanting you to get out? It's, it's not a matter of that in my culture. You don't move out until you're married. And I'm gonna be married here in 56 days. Oh Wow. That I'm counting down by the minute. But congratulations brother. That's awesome. So where are you guys gonna live? I appreciate it. You and the wife. My parents have a second home that they're allowing me to live in. All I have to do is just pay the expenses so they break you, which is very generous of them. I'm very appreciative. Sure. Is this a long-term thing or is this just like, Hey, the first couple years, you know, don't worry about rent, you guys can live here, but you will eventually get your own place. Or this, is this property from your parents deemed to you guys?


Like long-term They've said we can stay in it for as long as possible. Okay. Personally, I don't wanna take advantage of their generosity. Sure, sure. So my goal to get in and out of there within two years. Well, yeah. Yeah, for sure. And if that wasn't the case, I didn't know like what situation you were in, if it was gonna be deeded to y'all eventually, you know what I mean? I mean, or something like that. But if you guys, I would want you guys working towards your primary home for sure. So that you, you know, have the ability to go and buy something when you're ready. How old are you guys? I'm 21 and my fiance is 18. Okay. Okay, great. So how much is left on the rental property?


173,000. Okay. And how much will you guys be making combined household income after you get married? The problem is, I work in sales. Pretty much all of my income comes from commission. So that's kind of speculative, but I'm gonna say somewhere in between 120 to 140,000. Okay. And what will she be doing? Good question. Now you should find that out. You're getting married in, in 56 days. Dude. I guess she going to school or will she be working? She was going to school. She stopped because she realized the degree she was going for was probably not worth it, but she is working right now.


Okay. How much do you think she'll bring home? Probably around 40,000. Okay. Okay. So you guys are at 180. Oh, I meant, I meant one 40 combined. I'm sorry. Oh, Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Together, you guys, we Okay, I'm sorry. I got you. And the rental property, how, tell me that about that, was that you and your dad together doing that? Or was that, is that just under your name? It's just under my name. Okay. And why are, what, I'm just curious, why aren't you moving into it? What's causing you to have this property? It, It generates, it generates too much money for me to just, I'm moving into it to be honest.


Okay. Yeah. But if you're, what, what are you going to pay out in rent if you get and go rent your own place? I mean, net probably four or 500 a month. Okay. That would be the difference. Well, the, each side of the property generates about 1200 a month and my parents only really want me to pay rent in four to 500, which is just the expenses. Yeah. But that's living in, in mommy and Daddy's house. So when you decide you and your wife are gonna move into your own place, what will your rent on that place be? Oh, I, I'm not looking to, to rent. I wanna buy that's, wait, I'm sorry. Are, are you talking about the house I'm moving into or?


No, here's what I'm, here's what I'm trying to, to the picture. I'm trying to paint for you. As a 21-year-old, you're so far ahead of the game. You're thinking about owning your own business. You're thinking about becoming a property owner and a la a property manager and all that, which is awesome. I'm proud of you. And so at 21 as a salesman, making an unstable commission, like a, you have great month, you might have a good month, and then you have three or four low months, just that steady drumbeat where it feels like you're getting $2,400 every month minus your mortgage on that place, minus the expenses, minus the depreciation, minus the upkeep, minus the, oh, hey, we need to do a new roof minus the, Hey, the air conditioner went out minus the hay.


The, they flushed a whole bunch of grease down the toilet. And so now we have to replace the sewer main, like minus all of that stuff. What Rachel and I are trying to, I guess we're trying to gently steer you in what feels like a to so much money you can't afford to sell it or move into it yourself. What I'm telling you is in five years, you're gonna much rather wish you had a paid for own house than have a paid for rental house. And you and your wife are still trying to figure out how you can pay your mortgage every month. So it feels like a lot right now, but y'all haven't had a big expense. You haven't had the thing almost fall down. You haven't had that kind of stuff that hits every single home manager out there.


Do you get what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah. That makes sense. That was kind of a third option that I kind of floated that I never really took seriously. Yeah, I I probably have 150,000 in equity in that house. I can sell it 10 31 exchange and into a primary if I need to. If I was you, I would spend one year at this gift that my mom and dad are giving me, and we would save every possible penny and I would sell the rental property save Yeah. Live on 40 or something Right on day. Right. You know what I mean? Like, if you don't have rents coming up, put 70 up five grand Away. Yeah. Do that for Yeah. One or two years. And golly, you could put yeah, one 200, sell your place, that's three 50. Go pay cash for a house right up to the sunset. If you guys wanna get back into the rental games and do it from with some cheap, you know, $150,000 property that you guys save up over time.


'cause you have a paid for house. Like, just, just know this. If you could figure out a way at 25 or 26 reverse engineer this. Yeah. We have a paid for primary house. Me and my new wife, we've been married five years, we're gonna start having children. We're just driving kids and we have a paid for house no mortgage. I'm telling you right now, you have set yourself on, have you heard the phrase in the, because you, I can tell you're, you read all this stuff. Have you heard of take care of your long tails? Have you heard of that, that phrase? I don't believe So. Okay. So if you think of a distribution on a bell curve, the long tails are the way outside of the bounds, things that almost never happen except for every single person.


They do happen. And what I mean is, every single day of your life, you don't get a cancer diagnosis. Someday somebody you love will. Okay. That's, it's, that's taking care of your long tails, long tail is the market will go up, rent will go out, covid will happen, renters won't pay. Whatever happens, you'll have a legislative change in your state where they say you can't evict people, who knows what happens down the road. But if you've taken care of this long tail that nobody can take away your primary home, you and your wife have a home that nobody can take, it allows you to anchor off and really go after. Yeah. True wealth Creation. Yep. So Andrew, I think what what I would do is I would live rent free in your parents' home, let your property continue to appreciate, that's fine.


But then eventually have the goal to sell it probably in the next year or two. And exactly what you're saying, move all that equity over to a primary home with the money you've saved. And there's a good chance you hit cashflow primary home. And then if you guys wanna get in the rental game, do that later with cash. But that's, that's, That's lot of peace. And you're races, man. That's a lot Of peace. Andrew, congratulations. Thanks for calling.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships, red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships, but all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's I important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We're taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 at 2 2 5. Next we have Dan in Houston, Texas. Hey Dan, welcome to the show. Hi. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, first I wanna give a shout out. I started with Dave's program many years ago. I'm 67 now, and by the time I was 55 I could retire. And now I'm doing the things I love and, and volunteering. Wow. So, yeah, well Done Dan. Congratulations. Trying to spread the word, you know, but so yeah, I, I am, I'm working on brevity here. So, so there's four of us kids.


I'm the oldest of 68, the youngest is 60, 61. And number two is my sister. And she's the, the administrator, the trustee of the estate. And so my mother's 95, and when she passes, we all receive between a half 1,000,007 50,000. Oh, wow. So, yeah, you know, life changing money. You know, my wife and I are both debt free. I mean, literally no debt. Dave would laugh if you heard that my truck has 300,000 miles on it. But You tell, you'd go get a new truck, Dan, You would, you get a new truck, Dan, I'm telling you. Go get a new truck, Dan.


Thanks guys. I'm kind of in love with this thing, but, so the problem is, is they've, the, the two youngest ones have asked my mother for money before over the years. Both a little bit over a hundred thousand and one, one of one of them, number three has a $900 car payment, $2,400 a month apartment payment, about 160,000 credit card debt. And even though she makes six figures, cannot, you know, emotionally control her spending. The youngest one, we inherited about a hundred grand from my father some 10 years ago.


And I said, if you blow this money, I'm gonna punch you in a nose. And six months later he had a quad and a snowmobile and didn't pay off his house. You know, he's been bankrupt. And Did you hit him? So the, the, just kidding. Pardon? No, no, no. You know. No, I, No, I know. The problem is, is I'm not too worried about it. My, my, I've been working since I was 13 and my sister's a hard worker too. But the problem is, is she's worried they're gonna come to the door, you know, when they're 70 or 80 begging for money, you have money. I have no money. And we're trying to figure out how to handle the coming basically tsunami of what, what they're gonna bring to the table.


Now the trust comes in two parts. The one trust, everybody gets an equal share right away. And then the second trust, my sister and I both get our share, but those two, they're, my mother broke it up so that it's like five years apart, something like that. But if you have any advice on how to handle people who blow through money have no control. I've got my brother on the, on on Dave's program. He was good for a year and then fell off the wagon. So, Hey Dan, here's the hard thing. I'll answer it. But here's the hard thing, okay? Yes sir. The answer to this question has nothing to do with them. Okay. I, you know, I told my sister that, I said, I have no problem, you know, in my heart, knowing that I, over the years, over 20, 30 years going on 40, now I have, I have administered, I have given material, I've done everything I can, But, but here's the thing, but she's still there.


It was never about you. Right. They're struggling. And so it sounds like what, what, especially your sister, but I'm sure deep down you're dealing with it too, is you're frustrated at the future guilt that may come your way. Boy. Yep. You're you're nailing it on the head. I, I think But here's what's hard. I won't, if you live like that right now, what you're doing is you're not mitigating the guilt in the future. You're just spoiling today. You're absolutely right. And so I'm gonna choose for peace and joy and warmth and laughter in the right now, and I'm gonna be very clear about my boundaries moving forward. Right. And so the, the harder conversation will be sitting down with your brother and sister who are adults who could have never, like, they could care less what you have to teach them.


They think, like, I'm sure they're, when they get coffee together, they're talking about you guys, you and your sister, all they do is work. And they never, whatever is, is saying, Hey, here's the distribution there, there's don't come for to us. Right. Or you and your wife sit down and drew, You're saying, just saying it out loud when you guys all have The, make sure you put Yes, I heard Becky Kennedy say this, the other Dr. Kennedy say this, and I love that. She said, A boundary is something that requires nothing from anyone else other than you. Wow. That is awesome. So you are gonna set this boundary, we're all gonna be clear, there's no more money after this. And if you, as a loving brother wanna say, I'll hook you up with the Ramsey Solutions, I'll hook you up with the plan that set me and my wife free.


I y'all want that. Great. I'm not gonna preach to you. I need everybody, it need to be on record that y'all are getting a check for $750,000. Y'all are gonna have to learn to manage this because when you're 80, you can't come knocking on my door. Here's the other side of that. You and your wife might sit down and say, when that day comes, are we really gonna leave our brother on the street? And if not, then say, okay, then we'll start a small fund. Or like, y'all get to decide what you do with that moving forward. But what y'all are doing, you and your sister are doing, is you're living every minute frustrated by things that other grown adults are choosing to not do. And That haven't really happened yet either. And They haven't even happened. Yeah, exactly. And so you're no, You're, you're a hundred percent correct.


Brene Brown calls it dress rehearsing tragedy. I love that. Oh god. So you're pra you're, you're already having imaginary conversations that you are at 82 are gonna have with an 80-year-old little brother. Don't do that. You're just blowing your, like you should be laughing, especially when you're truck shopping. 'cause God get a new truck, dude, but, and I'm, I'm playing with you. My truck has 200,000 miles, so I'm No, no, That's awesome. I'm With you. But you get what I'm saying. Oh yeah. And you know, I've actually had this conversation with my sister and my wife and I are in a new marriage and some people didn't like the idea that we got married and all this kind of stuff. And I'm like, look, this is all about us now. Yeah. They Don't get a vote. Who cares. Yeah, Right.


Exactly. And I, it's, it, it's really tearing my sister up and I know she, she's Here, she, well, Dan and I think that we sometimes live under this illusion that we can change people. That if we say the right thing or we give the right book, or we do whatever it may be, that, that, that's somehow gonna be the magic moment of the light bulb going off in their head of like, oh my gosh. And we put that responsibility on ourselves. And I hear this more from your sister, the way you're talking about your sister. And so yeah, maybe you hang up with us and call her and relieve her. Right? I mean, like, tell her about this call. But you both don't need to sit there feeling this like, hero complex that we are. It's, it's our responsibility somehow to change our 62-year-old sibling.


Yeah. But also your parents, I hear you. Your parents put her in a very maternal role. They did. And my, my, they were really bad with money and came into it late in life. And my sister and I have been working literally since we've been 13, which is fine. We both love working and Sure. But you know, to think that I'm gonna give it away to somebody who's lived this propagate life and you know, it, it is just ludicrous. So, so here's the deal. I would sit down, I'm not in crisis now. I would sit down with your sister and say, as your, as your little brother or as your older brother, I wanna remind you, they have a mom and it's not you all, her job is a good point, is to distribute the funds in the way that mom asked.


That's it. Not manage everybody's, I'm not gonna manage you. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna try to pseudo parent through mom from the grave. I'm not doing any of that stuff. Put all that weight on her. That's it. I mean, yeah. Yeah. That I, she has to decide. I'm not gonna be their 78-year-old mother. I'm gonna be their older sister just doing what mom asked me to do. Yeah. Well this is pretty much what I've told her. And she's still in fear, you know, she has that guilt like you guys were saying. And you know, I, I learned this volunteering at the hospital. A man once told me, he goes, you know, you see a crisis based on how you are living, but they don't see a crisis. That's right. And they don't, you know, they don't see a crisis, but Yeah, that's right.


They're still asking for money. You know, they Sound like a lot of Americans right now that think it's just gonna continually go on forever and ever. Amen. And it's not. Yeah. And Dan too, you can be a great listening ear for your older sister too, but don't carry her weight either's, right? That's right. Yeah. Because part of your call has been a lot of her concern too. That's right. And don't carry that either, Dan. You know, it's this like kind of individualness that I think is really important for you guys. 'cause you're taking on a lot your sister's emotion that's doing things well, but she's frustrated and fearful and then the siblings that aren't so, And just because you feel guilty doesn't mean it's not the wrong decision. Just because you feel guilty doesn't mean you're doing the wrong thing. You're a good man, man. Yeah. Congratulations. Thanks Dan for the call.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi, Why Refi refinances, your defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal student loans. Why Refi get, oh gosh. Why Refi defaults to loans and build you a custom loan based on your ability to pay? I skipped a line. So kick your private student loan debt out of your life by going to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter y. Alright, don't say it. REF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states. I'm a terrible sometimes. This, this, this segment is also brought to you by Bob's Reading course. Bob's teaching Rachel Cruz how to read for, I'm re I'm re-saying the same line again. Not correct. The Why Refi people are like, man, we got our money outta that ad. That was Fantastic. Listen, Why Refi? It's incredible. It is. It takes us, your defaulted private student loans creates a new loan with a low interest rate that will fit in your budget. And it's wonderful. We don't talk about refinancing debt, majority of the time we don't, we don't recommend it. But with private student loans we do. So there you go. Go to Y efi YREF y.com Words gave them.


What was that? S like, there's just so many words when you read. It's just a lot. There's words everywhere. Today's question comes from Alexandra in Arizona. My 14-year-old daughter claims that all the kids in school, dude, we just, I just had this in my house. My 14-year-old daughter claims that all the kids in school are buying lunches from local eateries and spending as much as 20 bucks a day on takeout food rather than bringing their lunch. It's Not allowed at our school. No, no. Outside takeout food. Keep going. My wife and I are on baby step two and have another $65,000 to go. We simply cannot afford this. How do I explain to this, to my 14-year-old without, in her words, making her feel poor.


I think underneath all of this, I'm just gonna tell you Rachel, how I experienced this. Yeah. It's very similar. The school my son goes to has extraordinary cafeteria. And I, for me and Sheila, it's less about the finances and it's more about I want him to participate in food creation and food consumption. I want him to know that food just doesn't materialize out of thin air. Right? Sure, sure. And so that may, that's a little, little house on the prairie for us. I know, but so, So you don't let him buy from the cafeteria, is that what you're saying? No, that's Right. Okay. So you bring lunch. So he has to be a part of making his food. Oh, gotcha, gotcha. And so underneath this though, I struggled with my kid's.


The only one. And so I think Alexandra, it's less about you worrying about your 14-year-old feeling poor. And it's more about you feeling guilty that your 14-year-old has any sort of uncomfortable feelings. And that's where you need to deal with this. So if you can't afford it, then the way you go straight into that is sitting down with your daughter and letting her walk through your budget with you. She's 14, she's a freshman in high school. She can do that. And you look at her and say, we're working really hard to change our family tree. We don't have enough money. And by the way, for a 14-year-old, they don't care. They're gonna have feelings. They're gonna get mad. Oh my gosh, we're poor. Let a 14-year-old say 14-year-old things. There's a reason as a society, we have all said 14 year olds can't buy beer and cigarettes and guns.


Right. 'cause they're 14. The other side of that is you need to become more comfortable with your 14-year-old being uncomfortable. Yes. That's good. Because That's Life. Well that's life. And if it's not the lunches, it's gonna be the type of shoes. It's gonna be the backpack and the it keeps going. And then on into college, what college is she going to? I mean, that feeling continues. And so, And So the greatest gift you can give a 14-year-old is not $20 a day for lunch. It is the ability to tolerate discomfort and go forward anyway. Yes. And that's a lesson every human will learn That you have to learn Eventually, most today's now adults Yes. Call into the show saying, I'm 140,000 in student loan debt. I'm trying to live in New York City and I want to be a painter and it doesn't work.


Right. And nobody had reality conversations Early. What's it's, I read this in a parenting book. I can't remember who it was. SISs Goff, I can't remember who it was. But they were saying that, you know, the generation bef 10 years ago, 15 years ago was the helicopter parents. And now it's the snowplow parents. Yeah. The Bulldozers just where You just like make a smooth path. So there's no bumps. We don't feel anything. We are good. No hardship, no bumps in the road. It is just a smooth walk and everything is fine. Yes. And that's not, that's not reality. No. And so it's teaching your Kids, this is an amazing moment for your 14-year-old. And can I just say this too, not that this matters, but they're buying lunch from local eateries. This isn't even like a cafeteria buy, right. This is that they're getting Yeah. They leave campus.


It's a, yeah. Like it's a, it's even a step beyond normal reality. Like some kid, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. It's not even like, oh, we're not even gonna pay for school lunches from the cafeteria. Yep. This is like another step beyond. So I think even a, even for her to have some level of reality, my parents did this of like, there's tears in life. The highest tier is that a 14-year-old is getting a $20 lunch from Panera or whatever the local eatery is. The second tier is, yeah, maybe you could just spend some money and buy lunch at the cafeteria. Cafeteria. Right. And then you gotta bring your, you know, your lunch. I don't know. And like, like, like we don't all get to live at a high level. Like there's going to be ups and downs in lives. So. So A great gift you can give your 14-year-old is let her experience that now. Yes. And let her just know that she's not alone experiencing that.


Let her know, I wish I could just give you 20 bucks every day. That'd be awesome. And that's not reality. That'd be cool. It's crazy. And let just for whatever, whoever's listening, because evidently there's still at least two of us in the country dealing with this. The two ways we've mitigated this in our house and you don't mitigate it, you just walk through it is a lot of the time our kids participate in cooking the night before. And so the leftovers are not just leftovers that were shoved out in the fridge. It was something that they participated in cooking the night before and they've got a steak in it. Right. They got skin in the game. Or just yesterday my son was cooking chicken nuggets or something before school in the oven. And that's what he is gonna put in a container to take to school. So he gets to take as luxurious lunch as he wants to, but he's gonna be, he's gonna make it and it's gonna be from our, what we have in the fridge in the house.


Yeah. Yep. And so that comes with planning and meal planning, all that kind of stuff. So all that to say is, the goal is not to have 14 year olds that don't feel certain ways. They're gonna feel however they feel, 16, 17, 18, whatever the goal is, your feelings are okay. And they're right. And I'm gonna sit with you while you feel that way. And then we're gonna be tethered to reality. We don't have the money, we just simply don't. Yeah. And by the way, if you did, I would recommend you not do that anyway. That's right. That's Right. Alright, next we have but Donna in Sarasota, Florida. Hey Donna, welcome to the show. Hi. Hello. Hello. How can we help? Well, my hus Hi. Hi. So my husband and I have worked really hard to be debt free and to get our daughter through college debt free. Free.


And we've achieved that. And we moved to Florida to kind of slow down, enjoy our time a little bit more. We took lower pay, lower paying jobs and we are finding that we only make just enough to cover the bills now that we're down here. And I'm wondering if we should, and I, I know your answer, but I'm wondering if we should take some equity out of our house. Please don't do that. And invest it somewhere else. Okay. Questioning whether he should take early social security. How, how much are you guys, how much are you guys making a year? About 60,000. 60,000, okay. And how much does it take to run your household?


Every month? About 5,000 a month. About 5,000. Oh yeah. I mean, yeah. And how much is your mortgage? Yeah, We're There. How much is your mortgage? I don't have a Mortgage. We're, we're debt free. Oh. Oh that. Oh, okay. And how old are you guys? I'm 55 and my husband's 61. What? How much do you guys have in retirement? 2 25. Ugh. Can I be the bear of bad news? I know what you're gonna say. You can't, like, y'all wanted to slow down and y'all aren't, it's just, this is just, this isn't a character issue. This isn't a dream issue. This is just a math problem. Y'all just aren't in a place where you can slow down yet.


Yeah. To combined. You guys can't be making 60. You guys need to be making double. Well, each of you need to be making 60. And can I tell you, y'all get to feel real sad about that. 'cause y'all worked really hard to get outta debt. You worked really hard to get your daughter through school and it's just a math problem. Yeah. And that means I would love to see y'all come up with like a number, Rachel, like get to a number and say, this is what we need to work towards so that you don't feel like you're just perpetually working seven hours a week for the rest of your life. Totally. Yes. But at the same time, like we had this dream of just kind of laying back and working part-time jobs and enjoying Florida and the math just doesn't work. Yeah. Where So y'all are in Sarasota.


I was gonna say, I mean, I don't know if there's a less expensive, you know, place that you guys wanna be long-term, you know, you could consider that. But also, I mean, I, yeah, I mean I, I would do the math and, and just say, okay, for him, for the next three to four years, for you, maybe the next five, what does it look like? And how much do we need to make to put a percentage of our income away for retirement? 'cause you're gonna want more in retirement and that we're not feeling like we are living paycheck to paycheck. So that's gonna just really be you guys sitting down and mapping out. But then also, I mean, Sarasota, I mean, you're, you're in an expensive part of Florida. Yeah. So, I mean, you know, whatever you could sell your house for.


Do you guys say, yeah, we, we just on a whim decided Sarasota. Is there family around? Is there a reason you're there? Could there be a less expensive place? Get a condo bank, half your equity and you know, put yourself in a different place to retire earlier. You know? But don't borrow, borrow against your mortgage because you're just punting a problem and you've put your house on the block. Yeah. Don't do a solution to that. Don't do that. Thanks To all the guys in the booth. And Kelly, thank you John for great hour. And thank you America. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years, they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xander Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work if you become a victim. It's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82


Live from Ramsey Solutions. It is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Dr. John Delony. And we are answering your questions. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five, your relationships, money, life, All of it. We got an opinion on it. Anything, Anything and everything. Give us a call. We're starting off this hour with Julia in Seattle. Hi Julia, welcome to the show. Thank you. You are welcome. How can we help? What's Up? I, I'm wondering if I'm foolish to keep my house.


I, my, I mo I bought this house with my husband about 18 months ago. Okay. And just a few weeks after moving in. I found out he had been having an affair for the past six months. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, It was, it was horrible. Oh, I'm so sorry. He declined to end that relationship and our divorce was just final a couple of months ago and he quit claim to the house to me. But now I'm responsible for the entire payment myself and it's most of my paycheck. Yeah, You gotta sell it. Okay. Can I tell you a little more?


Yeah, yeah, Please. I hate this for you. I'm heartbroken for you. I only need to stay in it for like five more years until my kids graduate high school. Yeah. And I don't, after all of what they've been through this last year, I just don't wanna make a move to, I know New schools and all of that. I have about $500,000 in investment accounts and retirement accounts as, as well as a pension. And I have $125,000 in a high yield savings account as an emergency fund. And if I'm just, I'm just, Yeah.


You just trying find a way to make it it work. I've Always been good with, yeah. I've always been good with money and I've saved for a rainy day. Yeah. And I'm wondering, Okay, tell me my rainy Day. Yeah. Right. No, this is like Rainy five years. This Is, yeah. No, this is, so Julia, tell me, Wipe out. What are you guys, what are you, what are you bringing home a year? About $150,000. Okay. And per month, what is hitting your account after taxes and everything? A little over $8,000. Okay. And how much is the mortgage? And then I have $2,000 of child support. Okay. So it's So $10,000 total coming in? Yeah. Okay. And how much is the mortgage? And it'll be, The mortgage is $6,000.


Mm. For your job. Yeah. I mean, do you, do you See any, how much equity in is in the house? Almost 50%. We just had it valued for the divorce and it was a little over 1.6 and I owe eight 50 on it. So one thing you might try, and this is embarrassing because this is a largely money show, and I can't think of the term, but you can call your mortgage company and good gosh, I've lost the term, but essentially adjust your payment in light of what you owe now.


Okay. And so for instance, if you took out a $1.3 million loan and you got it down to that 800,000, they may be able to drop it as though you have what, whatever it is you have left. Okay. And I I, off the top of my head, gimme a second and I'll think of the term here in a second. No, it's not refinancing. It Sounds like an attribution. Talk for a second. Let me, I'll look it up real quick. Okay. So I've got an email in my box for one second. Yeah. So yeah, Julia, I mean, I haven't had to dip into savings yet and it's been a year. I'm super good at living frugally. Yeah. But here's, here's, well, I'm looking this up.


Here's my big concern for you. Okay. You're trying to limit the bomb blast that just happened in your home. Yeah. I'm, and I want you to know, like, and hear from an like a neutral third party, like what you think you're shielding them from they've already experienced. And the thing, if you look five years from now, 10 years from now, the greatest gift you could give them is a mom who found peace inside her own home. Not a stressed out mom who had to work overtime and skimped and didn't eat sometimes and did this and did that. Yeah. Julia. Yeah. So they could stay in the same school.


Yeah. Does that make sense? Are they, are they in public school? Yeah. Backcasting. They are. Yes. Recast. That's re casting. I'm sorry. Recast. Yes. Yes, yes. Call your mortgage company. Ask about if about a recast. I'll see if that's an option. It may drop your, your, your payment by half. So call and ask them that. Okay. And they, are they in private or public? They're in public school. They're in public. And I'm just wondering, Julia, you know Yeah. If the recasting and all of that doesn't happen, is there a way, 'cause I even know within our school, you know, our school district even to stay within our elementary school, which is a tiny little circle within a county, but I'm like, there's, you know, certain neighborhoods that are half the price of other neighborhoods.


I mean, there's still like a a, there's still a cost difference even in residential. Right? So is, is there an area where you guys are, would you say you're in the higher end of that school district? Or are there cheaper houses that you may wanna move homes? Because I, I get that feeling as a mom trying to keep them Yes. With a level of normalcy. Yes. Like that makes sense to me. But it doesn't make sense to Yeah. I mean basically drive yourself down with those payments and, and having nothing. I mean, you'll have 4,000 to live on. Could you? But that's a lot of kids and kids eat a lot and school and cleats and all kinds of stuff and Everything. Is there other options, Julia, within the school district housing wise, If I wanted like a condo or if I just wanted to rent for the last few years of their schooling.


Yeah. Yeah. How much of this Julia is, and this is just me asking, just, just between me and you and a couple million people listening. Like he took your marriage Yeah. And he blew your house up. The, the, the thing that nobody ever talks about in these moments is you lost trust in you. 'cause you've been asking yourself for the last 18 months, how did I not see this? How did I not experience this? What is it about me that he got caught and he was like, nah, I'm gonna go with her. How much of this is you can't have my dream house too. You took everything from me. You're not taking this house that we, you and I saved for that. We put down on how dare you just walk away from our, my house.


I haven't thought about that before. I mean, maybe a bit. Okay. Because if it, if, if that is the, is what tilts the teeter-totter here, then that's me having a hard conversation with my friend Julian saying that's ego. And you, I want you to have peace more than I want you to have this big fancy house. Yeah. If it's the majority, I just can't, in my guts stomach disrupting my kids' life again, just know their lives have already been so disrupted that mom solving for peace is, is the primary. I'm gonna solve for peace in every way I can. And if that means we gotta move again, then God almighty we gotta move again. How old are the kids, Julia? They're 13 and my son just turned 18.


Okay. Okay. So yeah. So it'd be the 13-year-old. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That would, that would feel it. So, But so, but mom and a 13-year-old can move to a, a condo Yes. And have no upkeep and have no, whatever you get, you get a lot of equity cash in the bank and you get to breathe. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I, I'm just being as honest as I can if there's just me and one kid. Right. I, I wouldn't have a 1.6 million house Right. In this much money stress. I just wouldn't. But that's easy for me to say. On the side of the fence. Yeah, yeah. Call your mortgage company and check out about a recast and see if they can drop your payment. It's not a refi, but it may help you in this situation. Thanks For the call, Julia. We're so sorry. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years, so go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car, but it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using RAMSEY Trusted Pros, whether you're looking for Car home or any other type of insurance. RAMSEY trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. Up next, we have a Christian in Boston. Hey Christian, welcome to the show. Oh, did it go? Hey Christian, nice to meet you guys. Hey, what's up man? Hey, Rachel just said that funny, like we have a Christian, like I didn't, We have a Catholic in Boston. I said we have Christian From Boston. We have an awesome guy named Christian. What's up dude? Christian, Welcome. So I've been a long time social media watcher, never called in. So I'm 25 from Boston. I'll give you a little background before, I guess I get to my question. 25. I have no debt at all. My net worth I guess with investments in cash sits around 133 depending on how the market is.


And last year I took around 125,000 home and I wanna buy a watch, a luxury watch, a tutor. It's, it will range probably with tax around five to six K. I already have a Rolex. And so I guess my question is with my finances, no debt, nothing. What is an appropriate amount of money to spend on a luxury watch? And if so, you know, does this make sense for me as a want, not necessarily need to spend, you know, this amount of money on a watch? Yeah, I mean, I think just a couple like tactical money questions. Do you, so you got, you have no debt, None, And you have savings and emergency fund.


Yep. Okay. Yeah. How much liquid cash do you have beyond your emergency fund? Beyond my emergency fund, probably 35. 35,000. I have, yeah. And then I have obviously 401k my Roth and then Oh, Your investments and stuff. Investment account. Yeah. Yeah. What, what will this watch bring you, like in your chest? Like in like if you have your fist on your chest, what will this watch bring you? I don't know. I kind of appreciate, I guess the craftsmanship. It, it's a nice watch. It looks cool. It doesn't do anything different than my phone, you know, flipping it over. Sure. It's more or less just kind of like a, a want, you know, it's not like I'm buying it for some sort of, you know, to commemorate something.


I, you know, I turn 26 this month, like if you really wanna call it, I'm buying it for something. I'm, I'm getting kicked off my parents' life insurance like that, that's what I'm buying. Right, right. It's, it's, yeah, I, I i, i, I would guess this, so Rachel tell me, Rachel is better at this than me. I have bought guitars that are really expensive that I've thought were gonna fill a hole in my heart. And they didn't. I love them. And I told people like, no, no, no. They, they have a, a kind of tone or they put, I needed this guitar to make myself feel better. So there was that. I'll also tell you just as a 25-year-old and I, I'm in my forties, the single greatest flex I've ever seen when it comes to watches was doing an event with Jocko Will like, and dude rolls up with a Timex and we were talking about his watch and, and the, the way he said it and you know, Jocko like from, from, you know, like internet?


Yeah, yeah. The steel member. But the way he said it tells the same time that everybody else other watch tells. I just remember thinking like, you are the baddest dude I've ever met. Not to mention, you know, he's Jocko, but it was a, It's almost a flex not to havoc kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. I rem just, and I guess that would be my warning to you as a 25-year-old, is if you want nice things and you got cash and you like whatever you can afford it. Yes. Yeah. You can afford it. Fine. The thing is, is I think sometimes, well I remember being 25, I remember being 35 and thinking I needed a pair of jeans. I needed a car that said I needed shoes that said X, Y, and Z. And now that I'm older and I've hired a bunch of people in my life and I'm meeting people over the country, I was actually completely opposite wrong.


The eyebrow gets raised when somebody walks into somewhere nice and they've got jeans on 'cause you think, oh, that guy knows something. I don't know. Or when they pull out their timex and you know, they're worth millions and millions of dollars, you end up going, that's kind of awesome actually. Right. And so, but but you, I think cash to cash, you can afford it. It's a nice thing. Yeah, Totally. And I think what John's saying, I, the sentiment of stuff is always just a, just, I think it's an awareness within you Christian. And I do the same. I mean like, I mean I think there's just something to be said of when I want something, asking the questions. You know, if nobody sees this, do I still want it? How much of my motivation is for other people, people, that's A great Question. Yeah. How much of it is for my own ego to feel something? And, and even from a joy perspective, Arthur Brooks talks about this, that we can do five things with money.


We can give it, save it, buy our time back, buy experiences with people we love and buy stuff. And the one thing that does not bring lasting joy stuff. So again, this whole kind of concept of I'm buying this watch because I love it. 'cause I have like, I, I bought a purse for my birthday last year and it was a nice purse and it was like, okay, Think like whatever car you you drive, do I that nice of a purse? Like No, no, do not know. Not that nice. There are levels of purses. It was not that kind of purse, but, but it wasn't from target. And so it was just this idea of like, okay, if I have this purse, if I don't have this purse, what does Rachel say about herself? How is she feeling when she walks in a room? Like there's just a lot of introspect ness I would have for myself. The higher dollar amount you spend on something, I think the more is just kind of good to explore some of that.


And maybe it's more of a, you know, you can buy it and you're totally fine if you buy it. We are not against stuff. Go get some nice stuff. Christian, you have set yourself up very well. You make great money, you don't have debt, you've lived below your means. Like you are doing great. You can buy this watch. I just don't, John. And I think our biggest caution with stuff is don't be under the illusion that it's going to fulfill you long term and that it's gonna bring some level of satisfaction. 'cause the way that things are marketed to us and the belief in that and what we, we, I mean, it it is crazy the status symbols that are out there and what we believe. And the thing is, people get in trouble with that. So again, I'm not worried about you from a money perspective at all. I think you could probably buy two of these and you would be fine. Yeah. But it's more about you long term and who you are.


Christian, you should ask John and Rachel, what kind of watches and how much did they pay for theirs that we currently have? Huh? Oh, What are you guys got on? Oh, okay. Christian, I've got an Amazon watch for $15. John, how, what, what do you, this is such a flip of the script, which I love. I've got this dope Garmin watch. I love Garmin watches. It's a free ad for Garmin. They're the best. I love 'em. While we're on this topic, wins, Winston has the same one. Rachel, tell us about how much your car that you rolled into the parking lot cost. Oh my god. God. Because mine costs $4,000. You, Anyways, Christian, so Here's Christian, we love, we love nice stuff. I'll also say this, if at 25 you can wrap your head around this idea, because you have chosen to live the way you live, you have the opportunity, and I didn't find this out until I was old.


You can buy it once really nice if you buy with cash, if you buy a super nice pair of Wolverine, a thousand mile boots, you can resold 'em and you can take care of 'em and you can give 'em to your grandkids. But they're really expensive outta the gate, right? Yeah. And so if you say, I'm gonna buy a couple of really nice watches, I love them. I'm kind of a watch guy. And so that's cool and awesome and no, this will fill no gap in my soul. I won't feel any better about myself. In fact, I'll feel a little bit weird 'cause I'm gonna see somebody who needs money to the net following day or whatever. Yeah. I know some people who have a rule that if they buy something really nice, they give that amount away or, or a percentage of that amount of way just to balance your own soul out, whatever.


But I love the idea of buying once and, and letting that just be that. Right. I'm gonna buy. Nice. Yeah. And then I don't Go ahead, I don't mean to extend this con or like the question, but is there like a, a rule or a percentage of a net worth that you'd be, you know, like a, a percentage of my net worth that I could spend on a want that wouldn't necessarily obviously break the bank, but it's like you're comfortable with just blowing that. I love Dave saying like, if, if you can light it on fire, if you could take that pile of cash that if you can take 5,000 bucks, set it on fire, on your kitchen table and watch it burn to ash, It's, and you're okay. And you're okay, it won't, it won't prohibit you, it Doesn't Affect your world. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's it. I mean there's not really this like percentage. I mean, we say things like with cars, like we always say like things with motors and wheels, right?


Cars, camp, asset, all that asset. Yeah. Depreciating asset. Yeah. No more than 50% of your annual income. Like there's some things around that. But when you get to the point where you are Yeah. Of, I mean, yeah, you're, you're beyond baby step three and you just have extra cash that you wanna spend. So it just, you emotionally have to detach from that money. And if you can really do that and it doesn't keep you up at night, then you're good to go. Well, and it could be pathological. I, I would love for you to also like, get a nice watch, dude, you sound like you got a level head, man. Get a nice watch and also start laying the groundwork to get your money outta crypto, whatever nonsense you have it in, and buy yourself a house that nobody can ever take from you. Right. Some of those more stable Yeah. Assets that you can anchor into.


Yeah. And, and too, you know, a well-balanced per and you're learning this early Christian, I mean, honestly, I mean this is stuff that it's like so good to have because where you are financially, but always remember with money that you can spend it, you can save it, you can give it. And we say on the show, we are fans of all three. Yeah. So as you continue to become more successful and continue to live below your means, you're going to continue to build wealth. You're gonna have more and more savings. You're gonna have the opportunity to spend some more, but also be having that generosity and muscle as well, because that is joy within money. And if you can get that early and live with it, there's a, there's a freedom and a joy there. That's unbelievable. So giving, saving, spending, doing all three.


All right Christian, have fun with your new watch. This is The Ramsey Show.


Listen, people what you call organized chaos is still chaos this year. Build some room in your budget to get your life really organized. One tool that I recommend is a Knock Box, as in next of Kin Knock Box is a complete system that helps you organize important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. The 15 categories in your Knock Box cover everything from health history and investments to your ancestry and even collectibles. So cut the clutter with a Knock Box. Start getting organized today and receive an exclusive discount at Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. That's N ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the SmartVestor program. A SmartVestor Pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. So the best way to take control of your money, make the most of your money is to do a monthly budget to know and have a plan on where your income's going. And EveryDollar makes this easy, it makes you have this om honestly very intuitive way of how you plan your spending, how you track your spending, what you're saving for, your giving goals. I mean everything is in EveryDollar. It really takes your income and walks you through how to have a plan for it and know where it's going. So you can download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play, or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


Up next we have Dave in Springfield. Hey Dave, welcome to the show. Thank you guys for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? So I'm 21, I'm about to be outta college this year. I have no debt. I paid it off as I went, but I'm, my girlfriend didn't and she's gonna have about $70,000 and every time I bring it up she's just kinda like dismissive about it and I don't really like want to pay off her debt in a way, you know what I mean? And I'm just not sure how to go about this in the future. You should just break up with her dude, John.


I, I'm serious. I mean it's, I mean, because here's the thing, you're both gonna bring crap into this relationship, both of you and some of it you'll know right away like $70,000 in debt and if you're already thinking that's hers and like ugh, she's bringing this into this and I don't want any part of it. Like that's just a down the road you're gonna run into, oh I wanna raise kids like this but this is my how my dad did it, ugh. Or I don't wanna live in this neighborhood or this house. Like you're just like, if that's the, if that's your first impulse is what about me then you're not ready to get married yet if she has 70,000. Yeah, I understand that. Does that make sense? So if she has $70,000 of debt and you're like, dude, I don't care what mountain I have to move, you're gonna be like, I want you to be my wife and I wanna build a life with you like hell or high water, you and I are paying this off, off together then awesome, you're off to the races.


We would never tell you don't get married 'cause the student loan debt. So when I say, when I say just break up with her, does that give you peace or does that make you mad? A little bit of both. Like me and her have been together a while. It's not that I don't want to pay it off together. Is it more 'cause of her attitude? I was more than happy? Yes. It's more of like she has no, like, she doesn't want to pay it. It seems like she wants me to pay it is kind of like what I'm getting at. Okay. What's beneath that? Where else does that show up in your relationship? Honestly, nowhere. Like she, I mean she's a little unmotivated. Like she doesn't really, isn't really that ambitious like post out of college. She doesn't really wanna do, she just kind of wants to do her thing like live around the area and whatever.


And I kind of been like, I did an internship like in another city and I've been like, you know, exploring career opportunities but she just kind of seems like stuck where she is and I just like, I like like her a lot and I wanna be with her. But it's just like such a weird thing. I think y'all should explore that conversation. Yeah, it's just like I try to go further but she's just like not interested in like continuing that conversation, you know what I mean? Beyond the money though, Dave, like hey this is the, these are kind of, this is kind of what I value in life. This is what gives me energy, this is how I'm wired and what I'm excited about and trying new things and opportunities and it feels like, you know, you're more just, you know, I don't know.


I don't know if that kind of life long term is something that you wanna, you know, be a part of. So I think it's, I think it's more of that conversation because what that leads to is her motivation around any, I mean anything in life, right? Money, career, Kids. Yeah. I mean cleanliness. How does the house look? Where do we live? And here's what I'm here, here's the, like if you ask me what my big fear for you all right now is you, and I'm not judging you for this, I'm just calling it out. There's already a piece of you that feels like, well I'm doing this and you're not doing that. Doing that. Or to put it in a nerd terms, you, you're already in the score keeping world.


Yeah, I can understand that. I just like, when I look at like both of our situations, like I think of everything I've done to get to where I am now. I've worked so hard to That's right. Be debt free right now and, and she just kind like took the shortcut and it feels like, and I dunno, it just feels weird for me, but He, here's the question. You're asking her to go back in time and sign up for values that you had before y'all started dating. And that's not fair. I hear that about sex, I hear that about money, I hear that about debt, about, well I did all this stuff and we just met and now we're doing this and I don't feel like they do do, do do. They didn't sign up for that set of values. The question is, will she agree to live a debt-free life moving forward with you because you say that's the way I feel like our family will be the most safe moving into the 21st century.


And if she says, eh, I don't care. Now y'all have a values issue and you're, it's less about, or do y'all have the same beliefs? Me and my wife have way different beliefs on all kind of stuff, but one of our core values is if one of us raises a flag and says, this is a huge deal to me, the other person says, well I don't give a crap. I'm in. I'm in. Yeah. And so if you're honest and say this really is important to me that we commit before we get married. I never want this family to be owned by a bank, by a car dealership, by whatever. And she's like, oh, I'm gonna have a Tahoe then just know that y'all are gonna have problems like insurmountable problems 'cause they're value problems. Yeah, Definitely.


Does that make sense? I hate to be the bare or bad news man. Yeah, I feel like I just ruined you afternoon. No, it's All good. I understand man. Yes, but, but I want you to also be very careful 'cause you're not better than her. You just took a different Yeah, I'm not saying that. I, I know, I know, I know. But that frustration builds up and that's how it comes out. Yeah. Is I've done all this and you haven't done anything. Right. And so it's kind of like, okay, can we agree on values? But almost always those values conversations, brothers start with you sitting down saying, I'm scared about X, Y and Z. It's important to me that our family never be owned by somebody. Are you in on that? That means we're gonna have to sacrifice here. We're gonna have to work really hard for two years, have to get married to pay off your debts and that means you're gonna have to get a full-time job.


All those kind of things. But it starts with you saying what you really feel. What do you think Rachel? Yeah, No, that's what I was gonna say. I mean this is like kind of a classic example what we say on the show. A lot of people call in about a money issue. You know, she has student loan debt, I don't know if I wanna marry her. And it's not as much about the student loan debt, it's more about the values around the relationship and 'cause I mean, we have people that call here all the time. Like, yeah, my wife has, you know, $80,000 in student loan debt. You know, I brought some credit card debt in and we're working to pay it off together. I mean like it's a, it's a team effort there. And as you get into marriage, the less of a team you are and see each other as one and you're on each other's side, both of you, right. She's jumping into your boat, you're jumping into, I mean it's just this idea of like, you guys value the same thing together.


It's not that life is necessarily easier, but there is a level of smoothness with that. I'm like, you're not running up against barriers constantly because of what you're desiring versus what she's desiring. Yeah. The world will give you enough resistance. Yes. You you, you can't be fighting your partner while you're also trying to take on the world. It has to be you. Y'all two verse the world. Yep. Yep. Right. Otherwise it just gets sideways really quick. Yep. So, and it sounds like you guys have been dating a while, Dave is what you said. And you guys are still young And so maybe you start dating at 16 and you're a different person at 16 than 21. I mean that's, It's heartbreaking. But it is, it's a reality. Rachel, like man on on my show on the other show that I I I'm a part of, I get this all the time.


I chose to not drink in high school and college and this person did And so now, right? Yeah. Yeah. And I always want people to go back and say you can't judge somebody on some on values they didn't have before you met 'em. Right. The question is, can we unite right now? Yes. And if you can't, if you can't get over that, then you can't bring, you're bringing baggage to the relationship. Right. Right. And I think it's always a balance in marriage too and in relationships is that, you know, we always say opposites attract. Right? It's like the old saying and it is true. You're both gonna have different levels of passion about different things. So it's not about becoming this like one individual person when you get married, you still are two individual people But you're in the same boat.


But that's It. Like it, it's like, but we're still moving in the exact same direction. Right? Winston's still gonna have 18 Excel sheets with stuff, you know, out till we're 65 and I'm not gonna know how to work them. Like that will always be the case. But we are still working towards the same goals. And so the we, the way we go about those things is different and our interests are different in life, but it, that doesn't, yeah, it doesn't conflict with the values of our home and how our family unit is being driven. And that's where, that's where it gets sticky. And if that's a red flag early Dave, I mean yeah, it's a huge, huge flag. It's something to at least talk about and you know, and I'll give you guys this not to like, I don't wanna belittle you 'cause you're young, but I'm like, y'all are still figuring this out. Yeah. She's still figuring this out, you know?


Yeah. So have that conversation with her, but I would not break up with her because of the student loan debt. I would very much possibly break up if you guys cannot get to a set of values and I would not take a step into engagement until those are consistent. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright. I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy And so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive-through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on. EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out and what's left over for some fun. Because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again. Go download EveryDollar today.


Welcome back. Up next we have Jessica in Los Angeles. Hey Jessica, welcome to the show. Huh? Hi, how are you? We're doing well. How can we help? So I'm just wondering how to go about applying the baby steps where my largest debt is a is to my grandmother. Oh, okay. Who has helped us. Yeah. All right. Tell us, yeah, how much, how much do you owe her? $6,000 now. 6,000? Yeah. And that is from a credit card that she co-signed with my fiance so he could start his own business. Oh wow. What a nice grandma, I'm telling you.


Okay. And so what's your, what's your other debt In total? We are $10,344 in debt. Okay. That's including our property taxes, our utilities, and our $2,200 in other credit card debt. Are you behind on your utilities and property taxes? Yes. So the thing is, my, my grandmother is pretty persistent in reminding us about the, the credit card debt. So we kind of, for example, his last check was $4,500. We gave her $2,000 to try to bring that debt down. But the issue with that is that we rely on that credit card because he, for work, he's on the road for weeks at a time. So, Hey Jessica, are you able to talk into your phone a little bit more?


We're trying to get a clear, Oh, sorry, I'm a little nervous too. Oh no, you're fine, you're fine. Okay. So yeah, so she's persistent, she's wanting her payment, she's, she wants her 6,000. How much do you guys make a year? So he's been doing this business on his own for six months now. In six months he's made about $60,000. Okay. And how much, how much do you make? I don't work at the moment. I am, we're going through a new, a new life transition. We are newly sober and I'm trying to get our house back into a livable condition basically.


We've only been sober for 40 days, but you know, we just kind of have, our whole life is a chaos. And so since getting sober, we're trying to figure out how to be like functioning adults, you know, and take care of priorities and learning how to be, you know, normal I guess. Well, lemme tell you this Jessica, number one, I'm super, super proud of you. Congratulations. Thank You. That's awesome. The second thing is, is, and, and I know you've probably heard this over and over and over in your meetings, but you have to have to have to have to have to go get a job. ASAP. It doesn't have to be a full-time job and it for sure is not gonna be your dream job or your passion job or whatever. But think of it this way, if you think of alcohol like yourself chained to a bottle, you've been unchained for 40 days, but grandma calling you, the government, calling you, your utilities possibly gonna get cut off.


That's like a squat rack. It's like you're sitting under a squat rack and you got a squat bar on your back And so now you're unchained but you still can't run free. And so what I'm telling you is if you go get a job, even working 20 hours, you clock in, you clock out and you're baby stepping your way into full-time employment, getting your feet underneath you, you're 40 days sober, you're still, I mean your legs are still wobbly and I get it every minute. You're making a a choice to do the next right thing. If you go get a job working 15 hours a week, 20 hours a week and you can contribute to this thing, it will be like putting Yep. It'll be like jet fuel to your life change here. I mean Jessica, if you could make three grand a month, you guys could be completely debt free in three months.


In Three months. I Mean, I mean with his income, everything. So I would tell grandma, okay, our goal grandma is it's February, March, April. My our goal is by the end of May, by the end of May, you will be paid. But we first have to take care of these back property taxes. Yes. 'cause the government's right there, we're gonna, we're gonna pay those off this month grandmom. And you could even show her your, you know, you guys make a timetable and say how many hours to Have to work. Yeah. I would give her, I would give her a payment schedule. 'cause my guess is grandma's calling because y'all have had, y'all have had challenges in the past and she's worried. Yeah. And you have been accountable. She wants to make sure she gets her money back. Yeah. So you and husband make a map. Here's a 12 month payment schedule, we're gonna pay you this much, 250 bucks every month or whatever it is and then you'll be paid off by this date.


She's not hassling you. She can check it off every month. But like Rachel said, you can't keep robbing Peter to pay Paul. They're gonna cut your lights off, they're gonna take your house away. Yep. So I know grandma's hassling you and as she should be and she's frustrated but you can't let him take her home. Yep. Right. And so let's get a payment schedule and give it to her. Yeah. And have a goal if you guys live on his income and Jessica, you bring home two to three grand a month, you know, you could do that with some part-time jobs. We're talking Fast food, we're talking just clock in and for Sure we'll go work at Target. Go Yes, go Uber. Or like do something that really Yeah. Allows you to just earn some extra income. I mean even if it's, you know, $25, 20 an hour, 25 An hour, do it. Yes. You need some little wins and it, I'm telling you, it'll be so transformative.


I'm so excited for you meet Jack. Good Job Jessica. I hope that helps. Up next we have Sharon in Cleveland. Hi, welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you for having me guys. You're so welcome. How can we help? So I have a kid going off to college next year and I am in a ton of debt. I have not made good financial choices or money choices. I have never learned how to be totally honest. Yeah. But that's not an excuse. I just don't, I just haven't made the good choices. And so it was recommended to me to file bankruptcy and I just need to know if that's even like a wise thing to do. I have a lot of credit card debt.


Okay. Walk me through your debts real quick. How much debt? Okay, So I have student loans. I know that bankruptcy doesn't take care of those. So I have over a hundred thousand in student loans I believe. Oh, Is that like right at like right at a hundred or like one 20? I think it's about 1 25. 1 25 in student loans. Okay. Keep going. I have about 20,000 in credit card debt. Okay. I just had to buy a new car 'cause my old car ConEd out on me. That one was paid off. So now I have a car loan. How much is the car? I am, I'm at 26,000. Okay. Is what I own my car. Okay. And then I have two civil suits from credit card companies. Okay. And how much are those?


One is 9,000 and the other is 6,000. Okay. And how much do you make a year? I make $30,000 a year. I work in ministry for my church. Oh, you can't do that anymore Sharon, I'm so sorry. I know You have to, you have to let him let 'em know that you love him, but yeah, you can't breathe hun. I can't. I know you're right. Yeah. Yeah. And I know you, you wanna do this ministry and I know you do good work for people, but you gotta take care of your family and you've dug yourself a pretty big hole but, and you gotta go get it. What's your degree in? I have a communications degree and a master's in education.


Okay, Okay. What would you, if you weren't doing what you're doing now, do you, what's like probably the most realistic next step career-wise for you do you think? Probably going back into the school system. Yeah. Okay. And how much, how much would starting out be if you, if you started as a teacher? Probably about 45. 40, between 40 and 45. Okay. Okay. So that would be, that would be my next step. I would go talk to them tomorrow. I mean I, I hate to say it, math, we, That's a 50% raise, lemme put it that way. Yeah. And 45 is not enough, but that's a 50% raise. Yeah. That, you know, and I think too, you know, nonprofit ministry work, all of that, I mean we, we are big fans of people in those worlds and, and, and maybe eventually that's your goal to get back there.


Right? I mean if you could imagine having no payments, having an emergency fund, having a great retirement set up and you're like, you know, yeah I can, I can go back to, to 35 'cause I have everything set up right. That would be a goal for you, which I think is amazing. But for right now, reality it, it would be that. So what I would do is your, your car, I would sell It. I would sell your car tomorrow, Sell it. 'cause I mean it, it's basically how much you make in a year. And I would go get a $5,000 car if you can get a, a difference. I wonder how much have you Kelly Blue Book did at all? I know you just bought it, but have you seen if you could, have you looked up if you could sell it? No, I haven't, but I Will.


Okay. Even if you have to take $5,000 down to the, the credit union where, and, and you're upside down on it, I'd rather you do that. Yeah. Because then you own owe 10,000, you're gonna take a 5,000 loan out, pay the difference off 'cause you're upside down and take out a 5,000 loan by A car. Was it a, was it a brand new car or was it used when you bought it? Yeah, No, it was Brand new. It was brand new. Okay. So you'll probably take, yeah, you'll take a hit. So hopefully you could still get, maybe like, you could maybe sell it for 2122. You'll take a little bit of a smaller loan for a difference to get you a $4,000 car and that'll at least free up that car payments. But no, do not, do not, do not file bankruptcy. You're not there yet.


Yeah. Hang on the line, we'll hook you up with Financial Peace University and the EveryDollar premium app for free and give you the education that you're missing. But do not file bankruptcy. You're not there yet. This is The Ramsey Show.