
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, George Kamel, also my co-host on Smart Money Happy Hour. And we are here taking your calls. So we'll chat about your life, your money, your relationships, your career, anything and everything. So give us a call at first we have Elizabeth, oh, all the way up in Canada. Hi Elizabeth. Welcome to the show. Elizabeth. Hi. There you are. I was worried sick. Okay. We were so concerned. How are you?


Yes, Hi. I am good. How are you guys? We're doing great. How can we help? Okay. I'm really nervous. I'm gonna pretend like you guys are just my buddies and I'm talking to you from down. Don't worry. We're extra nice to Canadians. We Love, we love Canada. So you're great. You're in good hands. Okay, Good. Okay. All Right. So I need to know if I'm being a baby and if I have wrongful resentment, I am a Christian, I wanna make sure that I have nothing between God and I. And I'm just gonna give you guys a quick snapshot. So I'm wondering, am I wrong to feel resentment? I'm come from a family of four girls. My husband and I are about to enter baby set number three in about two weeks. Lord willing. So we're really excited about that.


Congratulations. Thank you. Yeah. So my parents have been renting for my sister and her husband for about nine years. They pay well above market rent for our area, and they take care of their kids before and after school. They fix things around their house, they do all their yard work, et cetera. So I've been asked to be the executor of their will. I know the will is going to be divided equally between my sisters and I. So poor girls. So divided equally into four. And, and, and this is a part, it really bugs me. I'm wondering like it is, I feel like in some ways my sister has already gotten her share of the will.


And it's not even about the money. Like I just, I, I concern that my parents are being taken advantage of, but my parents are happy to do all these things for them. And it's kinda like they had disagreement a long time ago that they would take care of their kids. And I don't know, I, I feel like, am I wrong to feel in some way that resentful towards my sister that maybe she is being taken advantage of by my, that they're taking advantage of my parents? No, not necessarily. Where where are you, like in, from a, from a physical location? Are you close to them? Oh, I I'm about 40, yeah. 40 minutes away from them.


Okay. Like, and yeah. So Why did they originally rent from her and not another sibling? You know what, and the thing is they do, they're fine. Like they make over my parents make over a hundred thousand a year. They could have bought a house even by now. Right. Like they, I don't know why they, they decided to rent from them. I'm not sure. I wasn't part of that conversation and that kind of deal they made with watching their kids. It, it almost feels like this is between your sister and your parents. Yes. And you know, if, if your parents feel taken advantage of, they need to have a conversation with your sister. But they secondhand but they seem fine. Correct. Yeah. They seem fine with it. Exactly. They don't, The only person upset here is you.


I know I'm the baby, aren't I? Like, no, You're not. I think your emotions are, are valid. It's hurt. You feel hurt probably. Yeah, I would feel the same way. Yes. Yeah. So is it bad to be resentful? Is it a sin? No. If you let it eat you alive, you're just drinking your own poison. And so that's the part that I know worries me more is how do we get you to let go of this and go, this is between them. And you know, I feel like this is a confessional. We're the priest here, she's coming to us with this. But I, I do think there's a level of this where you go, listen, we're all gonna get our fair share. We're all gonna be fine financially, they're adults. They can make decisions on their own volition. And yes, it can also hurt that your sister got the, you know, the long end of the stick and you got the short end Where Yeah.


Sibling order. Elizabeth, where are you and where is she? So I'm the second oldest and she's the third oldest. So she's right after me and the order. Okay. And I know, like I've spoken to my, even my older sister and then the, the baby of the family and they, they, they've always, they, they seem like, oh, okay. Like that's, they have a pretty good gig happening. Right. And, and I, I know I have to keep checking my heart. And the thing is like, both my husband and I have great jobs. We've made great headway in certain terms of paying off our debt and I know we'll be okay. And even my husband always says, you know, I, he is like, we're fine. Like we wouldn't even want my parents to live with us. Right. It's not even that. Right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's not the, it's not the actual help that you are longing for.


No. It's almost more of this connection of feeling like, man, I feel like we're working so hard over here and not only has anything never really been extended to us, but also never even asked maybe. Right. Yeah. So there's a level of probably just of hurt feelings of not feeling cared for. Yeah. And seeing your parents still in that parental role for another sibling and not for you. So there's like this like kind of abandonment, like what? Like, hi, I am over here. You know, I I'm not getting attention. Yeah. Right. Was that similar growing up for you guys from like, just say from like a personality standpoint? Oh, that's a good question. Like I, I've always been like more the older sister, like I think with even my older sister with all of them.


So that was that part that part's been, yeah. So you were more independent. Yeah. You needed less attention in general. Yeah. Because you were more self-sustaining. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. And I have, like, I have, I have four kids and my sisters have two and it's like, but I'm, I'm like, that's what I wanted. For me, I, I love to be like busy and you know, and we've done fine and I don't know, I Would you want to trade places with your sister today? No, I think there's our answer. No, I think that just gives you perspective to know. You're only seeing the, the parts that you're jealous of. You don't see the other parts where they go, oh my gosh, I just want my own space. I wish they would, we don't know what's happening on their other side, good or bad.


And so it feels like you're festering on this making up stories in a narrative in your head that they've abandoned you. And I think it's, I think you should have a conversation with 'em if you feel that way. Otherwise I would just let it go and move on with your life and we'll all be friends and you'll get your inheritance. Yeah. Now if you were getting zero inheritance and you put in all this work, I'd go, that is unfair. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. But Everyone's getting their equal share. They just have a different situation. Yeah. And I think it's less about the right, the money. I think it's the relational aspect in it all for you. Yeah. The hurt that's there. Oh, a hundred percent. So yeah. So I think that's, yeah, I mean, yeah, George is right. I think if there's anything that needs to be said for you to say for yourself that you need something, that's fine.


Yeah. But don't go, if you do have a conversation, I would not go in with the motivation of somehow I'm gonna change the situation or I'm gonna control, I'm gonna say this so that my parents will then do X, Y, and Z. Like, you know what I mean? That that is Yeah. The, I mean I feel like that's an issue that happens all the time where we think like, okay, I'm gonna go into this conversation and what I say is gonna change what they're thinking or what they're doing and you just can't control them. Right. They're still gonna do it. No, but if you, Elizabeth, do have things within you that like, you're like, I just need to verbally say this for me, regardless of what happens, like for my healing, I need to say these things out loud, then that is then, then maybe that is a conversation you guys need to have. Or maybe Elizabeth, you kind of just like read the cards, own that, yeah, this hurts and this isn't fun.


But there's also a level of I'm an adult and I, and I, you know, you, you just said you would not change your situation, you wouldn't trade places with hurt. Right. So, so no, I don't think you're being a baby. I think that's shameful talk. I wouldn't say that by any means. I think you're hurt. And I think that's totally fine. Right? And yeah. And so what we do with that I think is what's important. So I don't want the resentment like George said to that eats at, that eats away at your life and your happiness. And so there's like this level of acceptance with our family and dynamics that I think the quicker we can get to the acceptance part. Yeah. It's like five stages of grief. Maybe you write, write a letter, maybe you give it to them. Maybe you just rip it up. But I think just getting it out on paper Yes. Would help you move through this. Yeah. Instead of just wrestle with It.


And that's such a prime example, George, of how with relationships and money and family dynamic, it's really about the actual money, right? It's about the relationship and the people that are handling it that can be hurtful. So Elizabeth, thanks for the call.


If you've been putting off getting home security because you think it's too expensive or too complicated, now's the time to change that. With SimpliSafe, you can protect your family starting at around a dollar a day. Your first month is free and there's a 60 day money back guarantee with no long-term contracts. And here's the best part. Right now you can get 50% off a new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring. That's right. 50% off and SimpliSafe home security doesn't just wait for something bad to happen. They're active guard. Outdoor Protection uses advanced AI to proactively stop threats. So if someone's lurking around or acting suspicious, simply safe agents can see and talk to them in real time, activate spotlights and even contact the police. Plus simply Safe helps protect your home from fires and floods too. So don't wait. Head to SimpliSafe direct.com today to save 50%. That's SimpliSafe direct.com. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Up next we have at Trevor in West Palm Beach, Florida. Hey Trevor, welcome to the show. Hey Rachel, thanks for having me. Yep, Absolutely. How can we help? Hey, so I've got a car problem for you guys a little bit under two years ago I purchased a diesel F two 50 for around 8,200 bucks that I've been using to run my small handyman business. And this thing has just been giving me so much trouble over those last two years. Over the last two years I've spent 7,800 on top of that. Oh geez. In maintenance. Yeah. So I know quite a bit and it's kind of been getting out of control more recently to where now I need another probably 1500 bucks to, to fix this thing and get it, get it moving again.


So what I'm asking is how you would kind of handle this situation, if you're me. This is starting to now affect my clients to where I'll have to push off my schedule a little bit because I don't have the truck up and running and that's costing me money there and I can't continue to keep paying, you know, 325 a month in maintenance and that number is, you know, kind of growing at this point. So I'm just wondering, I know you guys are against leases. I don't exactly have the money to buy a new car. I also really don't want to go down this road again and put say 10, 15 K into a truck and then just end up buying a truck with all kinds of issues. I mean, this last time I did take it to a mechanic, have him check it out beforehand and he kind of okayed it.


But I don't know much about cars. Cars are not my forte. I've kind of gotten killed over this whole thing to be honest. Yeah, well it's frustrating that you put almost what the car is worth back into maintenance. Right. And it's still breaking down. Yeah. It hasn't fixed the issue. So no, your frustration is totally legitimate. But also I don't want, because of our frustration to make a stupid financial move, especially when it comes to cars, because George and I, we talk about this a lot on our shows in Smart Money, Happy Hour, about how, you know, cars and car payments, car leases, all of that is one of the biggest wealth killers in America. It's the trap that people get in. So even though your frustration is legitimate, I wanna make sure your solution is as well. Yeah. What year is this truck?


How long have you had it for? So I've had it for probably 22 months. I believe I bought it in July about two years ago. The truck had 139,000 miles when I bought it. It's right around 150,000 miles now. So I live in kind of a small beach town community and most of my jobs are not too far. So I don't put crazy miles on this thing each year. Did you do a pre-purchase inspection on the truck? Sort of. I took the truck while I was on my test drive. I took it to a mechanic and had him inspect it and I said, Hey, I'm thinking about paying around eight grand for this truck. Do you think that's worth it? Based on what you see, is there anything that I should really be aware of? Essentially I told him, I was like, I don't wanna buy it and have a bunch of maintenance.


I was like, I just want a truck that's gonna run get me from point A to point B. It doesn't look pretty. I mean it's two different colors but you know, it was getting the job done. Yeah. So I sort of took it to get a pre-inspection, if that makes sense. Okay. I'm just, I'm trying to figure out what went wrong here. Where you poured the eight grand into it and was there anything kind of red flags along the way? What is it worth today if you tried to sell at private party? So I've had it listed out there on the market for four grand and I've had people hit me back between 15 and 2,500. That being said, I've never, I haven't met with any of those people in person. Like I haven't actually gotten 'em to come out and take a look at the truck. So I can't imagine this thing's worth more than two grand, to be honest with you.


How is that possible? Less than two years ago you paid 8,200 and you fixed it up. Where did you buy it from Trevor. A private party or a dealership? I did buy it from a dealership. And to your point, I have probably made some mistakes here. At least in terms of the purchase. I probably should have been more aware. Yeah. Yeah. So you probably overpaid is what you're thinking because of the condition it was in, obviously it wasn't in a great condition. It should have been probably a $5,000 truck. Yes. I mean I a hundred percent agree with you. I, mistakes were definitely made here on my end. Sure, sure. Which is also why I'm very hesitant getting back into this game. That's kind of why I'm calling you guys because I don't wanna make this mistake again. This has been, you know, I'm not gonna say one of the biggest mistakes of my life in terms, But it's, it's frustrating.


It's legit frustrating. Yeah. I mean every month if you're pour money into this thing and it keeps breaking, it's not dependable and you're using it for your work legitimately. Right. Not even just getting to and from work. It is your work. So it's exactly, yes. Yep. So making sure that this is a sustainable idea. Okay. Do you, yeah. Financially, where are you at Trevor? Do you have any money saved? Anything that's not in retirement? I'd rather not acknowledge that if we don't have to. I have money in retirement and I do have some other money outside of that. We're Trying to figure out, do you have enough money to go buy a truck in cash? Yeah, I do. Do you have $10,000? Yeah, I do.


Okay. Okay. Well you can go buy the truck. So I would this time do a bunch of research, do a pre-purchase inspection, maybe go private party makes me nervous, maybe go independent, use dealership and make sure that they're well reviewed. So you're gonna do your due diligence this time and what you're not gonna do is go lease a new brand new truck because you don't want issues. Yeah. Because there are the Dumbest thing you Could do working. Yes. Be unlike That was not on the table. Yeah. Unlike your experience, there are cars and trucks out there that go way past the mileage that you're in that are in fine condition. Right. Like you said, they're not pretty, it's not like it's like top of the line everything by any means. But it should get you to point A to point B and stay together and hold together.


And this is not, so We've all had a toxic ex and so this will be your future toxic ex. It doesn't mean all women are like this, it's just the one that you dated. She was something Else. She was something knew she did a lot of work, didn't Jake. Exactly. You'll look back and laugh, but you've got the money and so I would just really start doing your research. What are you making from this handyman business? What's your income per year? It's close to zero essentially. It covers my living expenses. Is Is it, do you make 50 grand a year? A hundred grand a year? I'm gonna go between 24 and 36,000 a year. Somewhere in that range. Are You working full time on top of that? No sir. I'm confused.


You're, you're making like $12 an hour in this business. You could go work retail and make more. Yeah, yeah. I definitely agree with you. So I worked in the corporate world for a while and I made, I made a little bit of money saved off and I decided I wanted to go pursue this. So I make pretty good money while I work, but I've only been in business for about a year and a half. I'm 26 years old and I can live off 24 to 36,000. I really believe that I could grow this to where I'm making around a hundred thousand a year in due time, but I probably only work consistently 20 to 30 hours a week. So I somewhat sacrifice a full work schedule with more flexibility, more free time to where I'm able to learn and, and do other things. So yeah, I'm, I'm kind of investing in myself long term.


I do understand that this might not be the most positive economic play right now, but I do believe in myself to be able to make this worth more down the road. Yeah. And you're not going, you know, I'm not gonna have a lot of firm To put in and Trevor, you're not going into debt for your living expenses. You're able to cash flow everything. You're not like deep in credit card debt. Yes, I'm pretty, I'm pretty intelligent and savvy when it comes to that. And yes, I have, I mean I do have some credit card debt right now revolving, not that I paid any interest on. I know that sounds bad, but I've paid zero interest in credit cards ever. So essentially I just have, I run my monthly bills through my credit cards. But you can't pay the bills in full and then pay them Off each month. No, I can't pay the, yeah, no, I have no issues paying the bills in full. Why haven't you paid it in, in full? You said as a, like, do you have a balance you're carrying month to month For less than 30 days?


Yes sir. Okay, well that's a, a call for another day about how we would recommend running your business. But man, I'm telling you, you run that thing with a debit card, you're gonna be spending differently. That's fair. That's a good point. Point. I would be, you're 26, you're single, I'd be working full time. 'cause you have goals, right? You have future goals. You want buy a home one day, you want a nicer truck that's not giving you issues. You have a home. Yes sir. Do you own it free and clear? No. Oh, Okay. You have a mortgage. No, I have a but so I, I'm getting from you Trevor is recommend again, you did well in the corporate world. What was, well what was your best year when you were working besides your doing this, what were you making?


Well, okay, not that well, but I made 80,000, which my Best year. Great. That's amazing. Sounds great. Yeah. So, so I, I think I, I, I like can picture Trevor, he's in West Palm Beach working the corporate world, living his best life, working 50, 60 hours, making 80 grand. And he's like, what is his life? What am I doing? So you quit, you saved up money is what I heard you say earlier, right? You have savings and retirement and you're doing all of that and you're like, you know what, I'm gonna just pump the brakes. I'm gonna enjoy life a little bit, start my own business, get a $8,000 mechanic truck and, and start my own business and slowly grow it and all the things. And I don't think anything in of of itself is wrong. I don't, I wanna make sure that you're doing all of this and able to support yourself and your business with cash.


'cause long term that's gonna set you up. And if this business isn't moving faster in the next 12 months, you know, to George's point you can make more doing something else just from a time perspective too. So some, so some things think about, but to answer your original question, why you called Trevor. Yeah, I'd go buy a truck cash. Yeah, For sure. Sell yours for get a 10, $12,000 great truck. And yeah, continue living your beach, Florida life. Trevor, thanks for the call.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is AI and I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster. Like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and makes smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine Learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


The question of the day is brought to you by why at refi, if you've got defaulted private student loans and no one else will work with you. Try Why refi they help you explore refinancing options with a low fixed rate and a payment plan based on your ability to pay? Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Brianna in Illinois. Is there ever an appropriate time to stop investing? I'm 32 and I'd like to invest up to 150,000 in a 401k with an annual rate of return of 10% at 60 years old. Your calculator says I would have nearly $3 million to retire with without investing anything additional. If I understand correctly, this will generate $300,000 of interest annually to live off of and still be able to leave the original 3 million to my family. This seems more than reasonable to live off of though. I know things will be more expensive due to the cost of living, but I'll have less expenses. My thought was why would I continue to invest? I could apply some of the Die with zero principles Rachel has mentioned and give more to my children during the times they need it most if I stop when I have 150,000 in my retirement account.


Wow. This is very thought through Brianna. Thank you for this question. Yeah, it is. I gotta really think through this. Yeah. So what I, so the Die with Zero book I've mentioned that I've read it and I really like some of the stuff, I mean some of the things we're really interesting that he talks about. I did say I didn't agree with a hundred percent. So I don't think, and when you kind of get to the end of the book, he kind of mentioned like there's a little bit of this feeling of like, okay, doesn't mean like you like truly die with zero like that the goal isn't to like you 'cause you can't predict your death, right? Yes. So it's not like, oh we're gonna just like, if you Knew exactly when you would die, that would help. That's right. Most people don't. That would be, yes. So it, that's not the theory. So if you leave money to your kids, which we talk about, you know le you know, a wise man leaves an inheritance to his children's children.


That's not in scripture. So there's something about that legacy that good that I am not against by any means. But the idea is if you do this stuff early and you start to build wealth and you pay off your home and you do have a surplus from a high income and you're maxing out investments, like at what point is it just saving to save? Right? And so I think that that is a good question to ask. And I don't know Brianna, kind of, I'm as, I'm gonna assume you're, you know, done with everything because I would want you to pay off your house before any of this other discussion starts to happen. But for those who have, you can kind of start thinking, okay, yeah, I mean if I get to the point that I can max out 4 0 1 Ks and all of that is should I maybe shift after that to investing in things that are not tied up till I'm 59 and a half?


So that you have investments that are growing that you can get to sooner without penalty to then maybe help your children if there's enough surplus there when they're in there, you know, when they're 25 or 26 and you know, if you wanna help with a down payment or you wanna actually use your money in this life to help your kids when they do need it most in their twenties and thirties, I believe. Is that a, is that a reasonable option? So all that to say, I think there are some ways if you are doing what you're doing and you're maxing out, I mean she says invested to $150,000 Oh oh maxing it out at, okay, well she says $150,000 in a 401k. I wouldn't let the number of $150,000 just leaving, just having that in a 401k and leaving it.


I wouldn't, I would still be investing 15% of my income and still following that. And, but again, if you wanna shift from investing in retirement funds after you max out a Roth or max out a 401k, if you have that high of an income to then invest in other things that you can get to before retirement, I would be totally on board with that. Does that, does that make sense? It does. My confusion remains with the invest up to 150,000 or a 401k. You can't do that at once. You know what I mean? Right. You can't just throw 150 K in a 401k. So I wonder if she's saying that because it's like 22,000, is that it? 23,000 Is the max. Yeah. She's saying I did this from 32 to this age and then I stop. What would that happen? You know, and I haven't crunched the numbers in myself to see if this is accurate and the 10% is just the average.


You're not gonna just get that every year. So you're not just gonna see 300,000 show up in that account every year. There might be years where it loses money. There might be times where you get more than that. And So we don't know what the future holds and because of that, I'm kind of a glass half full kind of guy and go, well I'm just gonna invest more. I'd rather have too much than not enough. Right, totally. That's a good problem to have. I can give more, I can spend more, I can Yes. You know, bless my kids more with that money. So I would continue investing 'cause you have the margin to do it and in the, in the same breath, enjoy your life. Spend some of it, give a lot of it. And so I think the balance is important there. Right. Otherwise you get a flat tire. Yeah, I, I'm held up, I'm, yes, I'm the a hundred and she's gonna put in $150,000 in her 401k and then stop and then just let it grow.


And I would not do that. I don't think that's a wise plan. I would still be putting money in my 401k every single year and if you have the income again to max it out, that's amazing. Right. Be I would be doing that and then if you're beyond that, then you can look to say, Hey, how can I get creative with this investing and not just stick with a 401k where it's tied up till I'm 59 and a half. Yeah. And at 32 you just truly don't know what life is gonna throw your way. So I'd rather just keep building for the future knowing that at 32 Yes. Yeah. Yes. I mean you still got potentially 60, 70 years. Totally. Yes. Yeah, totally agree. Who knows, we might have hyperinflation one day. A love of bread's gonna be like rent. You're like, oh my gosh, I should have invested more.


What are We doing? What are we doing? Alright, let's go to the phones. We got Jeff in Salt Lake City. Hey Jeff, welcome to the show. Hey, thank you so much. It's good to be here. Yes. We're glad you called. How can we help? So three weeks ago, I'm 46 years old. Three weeks ago my wife and I paid off our house. Whoa, Jeff, congratulations. Thank you. It's a, honestly, I, I'm a therapist so I use these words, but it's a weird open, vulnerable feeling. And it, it's just one of those things you never thought you'd get. Especially the family and finances I came through, my wife parents were immigrants from Holland Post World War ii. So they were very frugal and smart with their money.


So we came from different worlds, but honestly, you know how we did it is if we had a little extra money, we just threw it at it. But then our payment was like 1,254 and for years we've just been paying 1700. And it's funny how unexciting unsexy that is, but all of a sudden, you know, about a year and a half ago, I, no, maybe a year and two months ago I looked at it and the balance was down to 27. So Wow. Oh my gosh. How much the house's worth Probably 800 now. That's amazing. Incredible, Jeff. Well done. Yeah, Incredibles, what's Question today? So the 1700 that we've been using, I mean I've been limping the car along for like 20 years.


Literally on May 6th, tomorrow it'll be 20 years I've been driving that car. Wow. We've withheld putting carpet downstairs. Like we have 600,000 invested and saved right now and just letting that grow and we keep contributing, you know, 15% or more like with that money that we've been paying towards the mortgage each month. What do we do with that now? I mean, I have some things like, could you take care of the house, get another car, but what do you recommend there? Yes. Yes. And yes, I would do it all, all the above. I I and you can increase investing at this point beyond the 15%. You can increase your giving and you can increase your spending. And so I would absolutely be now cash flowing.


All those upgrades you wanted to do to the car, to the house on top of investing more, you should have the margin to do with that 1700 plus you probably have more margin where that came from. Yeah. It's, it's interesting once you start working on that stuff, how you just feel blessed. Like, I can't even tell you how the Lord's just taking care of us. It's an amazing feeling. So, Well you guys have been so diligent as well, right? So I mean that's, that's incredible. But yeah, Jeff, I would make, you know Yeah, the next goal, probably upgrading the car if there's some house stuff around that you guys make a list and make like a three to four year, you know, by the time we're 50, what do we want life to kinda look like? And, and I would be using that mortgage payment for those things. And then once you kind of have some of that settled, then you can look and be like, okay, yeah, let's, let's invest more, let's, let's be giving more.


I mean all of it. But yeah, there's some upgrades you guys could be doing here in the next couple of years that you've kind of held off is what it sounds like to get this house paid off. Yeah, Just sacrifice, just to get it done. And it feels good, you know, we're still live, but I wanna be totally done with work by the time I'm 60 and do some other things. But you know, almost 47, so hopefully I'm on the track to do that for Sure. Yeah, I, I would be tracking all of that. Hey, are we on track for this goal of retiring at 60 with our retirement? Are we on track to upgrade the card in the next year with this sinking fund in the budget? Are we on track to replace the carpet in the next six months? So start to outline all those goals and make it real in the budget with a line item. That way you don't feel guilty about using that money. You already had the goal that money had a name already. It's not, oh I feel bad.


So the hardest part for you, Jeff, truthfully, is gonna be reversing this gazelle intensity sacrifice life and going, oh we can breathe, we can have fun, we can upgrade the C, we don't deserve this car. We've been driving the beater for 20 years. Jeff drive the nice car man, live like no one else. So later you can live and give like no one else.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And oh you're telling me. And for, for decades Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly, these are the two options and term take care of your dad. Gum, family, man Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family term life insurance, Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82


Buying or selling your home. It's a really big deal. It's probably the largest purchase your home that you'll make in your lifetime. And when you're selling it, you wanna make sure you get exactly what you can for it. That's why you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the best deal with the right price. So the RAMSEY trusted program is the only way to find a top agent that you can trust who will make your home a blessing, not a burden. And it's easy. You can just compare agent profiles, interview them and choose the one that you wanna work for or work with. So find a local trusted real estate pro for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent or click the link in the description if you are watching on YouTube or listening on podcast.


Next we have Sierra in British Columbia. Hi Sierra, welcome to the show. Hi there, how are you? Hi. We're doing great. How are you? Oh, fantastic. I think it's a day of Canada, so thank you for having me on the Show. We did, we had a Canadian earlier so it's good that we're back. That's right. So, you know, I understand that you guys promote outrageous giving and I am in a position in my life where I'm able to do so, but I, you know, I also think about cheerfully giving and where do you draw the line. So I recently had a niece who reached out to me to help her with her down payment on a new apartment.


She did state that she just found out she was pregnant. She hadn't told anyone, but just shared that with me. But has a past of asking a lot of family members, including me in the past for money, potentially for drugs and bad boyfriend experiences. Mm. And I feel like there's a bit of manipulation in terms of making sure I'm the only one who's been told about her pregnancy where Oh yeah. We don't really have a solid relationship either. But her, my sister, her, her mom had passed away when she was seven and and unfortunately dad and stepmom didn't treat her well.


So I feel some sort of an obligation and like I said, I'm in a position to, but where do you draw the line? Where do you draw the line on being Yeah. Cheerfully giving. Well, yeah. And sort of that, you know, that nagging. Sure, yeah. Because you're, you don't wanna enable, and that's a little bit of the feeling with this situation. So not every chance we have to give is gonna be the right situation to give. Just because the opportunity's there doesn't mean that we actually have to take it. And I think, think this would be a situation that, you know, the finding that balance between helping and enabling, you know, on this show we, we, we are always teetering on that line because a lot comes into play, right. To decide that actual boundary.


There's not this like hard and fast rule, but I think what you have to discern in the situation is how can you best help her? And I think acknowledging, you know, her situation is hard. Right. And I, I mean I think there is a level of like yeah. If she's not done any level of healing or growth, like having, having a parent die at a young age like that and then being in a toxic situation growing up, it's kind of like, yeah, of course this is probably her road. Right. Unless she decides to do something different. Right. And I think that's would be your hope as her aunt is that she can start to make different choices with her life. 'cause if she continues to be consistent in these choices, she's gonna keep getting what she's been getting and it's not a fruitful, peaceful life. Right. She's right.


She's not feeling that. So when it comes to the financial side of it, you know, how can you best love her? Well and help but not enable is the big question. Right. So one of my thoughts was, hey, happy to help, but I'd like to directly pay your potential landlord. Yes. Yeah. You know, just To make, now when you said down payment, is she trying to buy a house Make it's gonna the right place? No, it's, it's for an apartment. Sorry. Oh, like a deposit, you know, how you to put first and last month's rent. Oh yeah. I, I do think that is one of the best ways to help is to do it directly because you don't know if she's going to use this for something else.


So say, yeah, I'd be happy to help gimme the landlord's name. I'll work with 'em directly to handle the deposit. Okay. So you could do it that way. Okay. You can also say no, that's also an okay answer. Yes. I don't know that anyone's told her no. Yeah. And you know, she has no one else. Like, I think a lot of people have said no, but because of her bad behavior previously. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. She just moves on to the next struggle person and Bank of Sierra was up next. That's right. And what's your relationship like with her? Are you involved in her life at all or is it just you hear from her when she needs money?


We've, we kind of go on and off. So, you know, dad had cut us out of their life. We held financial money from when my sister passed that it wasn't to be given until they were 21. So when we reconnected when they were both her and her brother were 21 to give them the money. They, you know, they were told that we stole the money. Oh gosh. That wasn't the case. Yeah, yeah. It's a horrible, horrible, I mean, I could, it would take me days, but I'm so sorry. Anyways. Yeah. And so they did get the money and at that point we thought we were sort of, you know, kindling, you know, a a building of a, a relationship that was broken.


And then from there it just, you know, she spent the money, I guess within three months and started asking people for money. And we understood that she had a boyfriend in her life that was deep into gangs and drugs. Oh boy. So we, you know, when when she asked, I said, I'd love to buy your groceries, but can I take you to the grocery store? And then she wouldn't respond to you. Okay. There you Go. From, yeah, I think this is your way out is to start giving directly. Yeah. And if she says nope, then you know, the red flags were there and you did the right thing. Yeah. And your conscious stays clean. Yeah. And, and Sierra, what George said earlier too, like, I do want you to have permission that this is your money and you wanna see it being used being in the best wisest way. Right. I mean I think there is a responsibility there and, and I'll say with the caveat, you know, just because there's a family member who is in need and is asking does not mean you automatically have to, or you're a terrible person.


Right. So you could have your own conviction there you go of that, that you don't want it. Right. That you don't wanna give or you heart may be, and again, I think this is up to you, this is not a right or wrong. I think it's just two different options. It's either like, I don't feel good about this, I don't, the responsibility, it doesn't feel right to me. I don't like it and I just don't feel good engaging it. So that's, that is one option. And then the other is that you love her and you're like, no, I do wanna be able to help. I just wanna do it in the right way. So that right way to me would be going straight to the landlord and helping with food, shelter, utilities, transportation, like the four walls, you know, helping her in those ways, not going on vacation or something like that. And then talking to her and saying, you know, because I love you so much, like I want to see you do better so you're not having to depend on people for money.


So let's look at job opportunities. Let's look at doing a budget. Let's put you through financial Peace University and go through and learn how to manage money. Like, I also wanna give you these resources. You know, maybe you pay for therapy for her. Right? I mean, like seriously, I don't know what, what else is out there, but it's like tools to help her become a healthier person. How can we do that and sustain that? Right? So, so that, that's option B. But option A is okay too, Sierra, I want you to feel that like that that is up to you. Yeah. But then there's option B if you feel that way. But I think what you're saying is wise is going, you know, straight to to the things that you can help and, and even, you know, and it's, and it's so sad, but it is the reality, you know, she's pregnant so like I don't know what health insurance looks like for her and all of that.


So it's like there's a part, like we need to understand the reality we live in niece, whatever her name is. But also maybe Sarah you say, I feel like I do wanna give and maybe it's maybe through the medical baby route and you help pay for medical bills, you know, to help with that. Right. So like I think there's ways to help her, but also helping her to become a healthier whole person in the process is gonna be the best gift that you can give her. Yeah, I really like that. 'cause I think I haven't taken time to do that. And I think I was also struggling. I'm kind of in a position in my life where I haven't always outrageously given, right. Like I've, you know, and then I've kind of turned the corner where I feel like I have to, oh, I can help there, I can help there.


Yes. Like, I think I was trying to find that balance. And so I think that just even having a a, you know, we've kind of chatted back and forth and I've kind of gone a bit a bit radio silent actually, just to sort of discern and pray about this. Yeah. I think that answer is, is just, you know, just having a proper conversation with her and how she can grow and sort of determine from there, but also maybe directly help her with the four walls. We have pre healthcare in Canada, so baby care Should Oh that's good. Be good. Okay, good. Yeah, that's great. That's fantastic. Yeah. Well I, I love your heart Sierra, and I think, you know, this is the thing about money, it's a tool to help, but we wanna help and not enable and with family members, I think it's sometimes that hard line Yeah.


That can happen. Giving Should be intentional. Just like spending or saving. Yep. That's right. So you're doing this the right way. Yeah, For sure. Sierra, thanks so much for the call. Well that puts this sour of The Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back. Alright Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union.


So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fair Fairwinds, they're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience and I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY. Fairwinds is federally insured by NCUA


Live from the headquarters of at Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author and my of Smart Money Happy Hour. George Kamel, we are answering your questions so give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll chat about your, your life, your money, your career relationships, anything and everything. We are here for Rachel. We'll get into it. She's not scared. We Are here for you. Alright, let's have Kevin kick us off this hour in Springfield. Hey Kevin, welcome to the show. Hi. So I just had some questions trying to figure out how to get us out of doubt here.


I mean, we are drowning. I've got some charge offs, got some credit cards. I've got some rental properties a couple years ago, kind of took a turn. We were doing well a couple years ago. Took a turn. We have seven kids under our roof right now. My wife's sister had lost two of her children. We ended up having to adopt them. Oh, bring them in. So it's been since it's kind of just financially been straining us as, you know, grocery prices going up and all that. So we've got some hard decisions to make. I've got some rental property. It's got three duplexes. They're, I, I owe about 268,000 on them.


I could probably sell them around 360 to 390,000. And then I've got another house. It's a rental property. I could probably sell those, sell it around 80,000. So I'm just trying to decide whether I should stick with the rental property. You sell the vehicles, what's Your total debt outside of the rental properties? Put those aside. What's the total consumer debt? Total debt would be about 520,000. That doesn't include any mortgages. Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, that does include, that includes the, all the mortgages and, and credit cards.


So I mean consumer debt you're looking at probably around 40,000. Okay. Between me and my wife both. And that's credit cards. There's multiple car loans. Yeah. So I've got two vehicle loans. I've got my truck and then my wife's SUV and my wife's SUV. We've pretty well gotta stick to it because it's the biggest one we've got for transportation for the kids. And you could clear a hundred thousand profit if you sold the duplexes. Yes. Well it sounds like you just found your get outta jail free card right there. Yeah. What kind of, what, so that's what's the trying what net income you're making off of all these rentals per year?


We're not so yearly income, we're not making a whole lot. I know we're, we're bringing in about probably after the insurance and taxes and payments are made probably around 4,000 a year. So it's not really much year even More reason to That Mortgage. This is a big hassle and there's really no ROI 'cause you're not even factoring maintenance and repairs and tenant vacancy and all kinds of other risk. Man, I'd get out of this and get a clean slate if I were you. Okay. So the, the one issue with that is we've got my wife's parents living there right now. We're kind of trading them for babysitting. My wife's not working because of baby babysitting's kind of so high right now.


So it just doesn't make sense for her to be able to work. So we're kind of, we're letting them stay there. They're not in grade of health. I know my wife's dad had cancer, he recovered from that, but he's not able to work. They can't afford anywhere. So we're just kind of like, what are we gonna do with them? So yeah, it's just, it's very stressful out. Is that one of the duplex out? Do you have one duplex or three? We've got three on one lot. Okay. So could you sell the other ones? We Got one of the duplexes? Yeah, probably that would probably basically just that would, yeah. Pretty close to paying them off. If I sold the other two, I would do that for now. Just so you guys can breathe.


'cause you said you're drowning, so trying to get your head above water means let's get rid of two of these duplexes. Pay off the debt, build some emergency fund, then we can reassess the situation with the parents after that. Okay. All Right. Are the cars worth anything or are you underwater on both of 'em? I mean we're pretty well underwater. The trucks by owe 42,000, that's probably worth about 30. My wife's car we owe 27 and that's probably worth about 16 or 17. Oh, you told me you had 40 grand of consumer debt. Sounds like there's a lot more. Yeah. So yes, there is. Okay. And I've got a student loan. I went to school to be a cop and of course they don't pay very well.


What's the household income? Really just my income right now. Were at 63,000 a year. I thought the kids were helping, I thought the parents were helping with the kids. So your wife could work? Well they do, but we're kind of, we're, we're in a mess right now where everywhere she goes it's, it is just been a nightmare because all the appointments and stuff, mom can't take 'em everywhere. So she plans on going back into it, but yeah, we're kind of, we're trying to find something. She's wanting to go to school and do all that and yeah, I just we're, like I said, we don't know if school should hold off. She should just go back to full-time really quick.


So I, What was she doing? She was a nursing assistant at a nursing home. Okay. And how much was she making if she worked full-time? Oh, probably 32 to 36,000 a year. Okay. Well, so you got truck 42 SUV 27. How much is in credit card debt? How much credit card debt is it? Between me and her both. We're right about 20,000 in credit cards. Okay. And then how much in your student loan? Student loan? It's not very much. It's about almost 2000. Okay. Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah, y'all are bumping up to, you know, 92,000 in consumer debt making 63, so Yeah, you can't, so all this rental stuff, Kevin, you guys can't afford it.


So you have a rental house too, is that what you said? Yes. Okay. I would sell everything from a real estate perspective and if the parents that, but you, you know, you told us that, well, the parents have to live here because they're, you know, it's exchange for babysitting and all, you know what I mean? Like, I I all of that, I would put them in an apartment, you know what I mean? And do what you can. 'cause you guys can't keep saving everyone's situation while you're drowning. And so you got, if I were you from a real estate perspective, you would make, did you say you, you would clear 80 k from the house? So we Yeah, we would get about, well we would get, we could sell it for 80 by oh 60 on one of the rental house.


So You're probably got get 10, 15 off of that and then not a hundred off the other one. Yeah. So this is, yeah, this is my second problem. So on my, my other house I've got right now, we got solar and we did not know a whole lot about solar. Yeah. Is that the $20,000 one or is that, is that the $80,000 house or is that another house? That's the current house we're in right now. Oh, that you're living in. And so What are you owe the solar? Yes, The solar's at 60,000 right now. I paying my goodness, monthly payments. Okay. I know. Alright, so this is Everything must go. Yeah. Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah. So I mean, I, I would sell these duplexes. You guys can't afford to keep 'em. So that gives you a hundred grand that clears basically all of your other debt with about 8,000 left.


And then you're gonna have to work to pay off these solars. Or if you sold the other house and maybe made 20 that would, you know, that would give you guys close to, what is that, $35,000 left and consumer debt, $35,000 for the solar, and that's it. I would do that. I would do all of that today, Kevin. And the problem is though, what I'm worried about is that you're selling all these rental properties and you're gonna pay off all of this and not feel much. So you ca you guys have to cut up the credit cards. You guys have to just tell yourself, we're not doing this anymore because this isn't gonna fix Kevin and your wife. You're like, what we're saying is gonna fix the money situation. It's not fixing you guys, and you guys need to be fixed to stop making some of these decisions, or you're gonna continue. Yeah. The real estate transaction doesn't fix the behavior.


Yes, thats the route you need to get to, but right now, the transactions are a good start. There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's


Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up, never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com.


The money and relationships tour is halfway over and the energy in every room has been unreal. Each stop has been packed with real talk big laughs and life changing moments. Now it's your turn. Come hang out with me and Dr. John Delony in a city near you for a night that could change your money, your relationships, and your future. This is your last chance to join us in Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City the week of May 5th. Grab your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


One way we have found that this show continues to grow, get more listeners and viewers is because you guys have been telling your friends, your family, sharing these episodes on social media, all the things which we are so grateful for. We love to see the show grow because we know that means more people are listening and hopefully more people are funding hope when it comes to their money. So honestly, you guys are the best marketing we have out there. Trusted people that trust you in your life are listening to your recommendations. And when you talk about the show, it's, it's huge. It really is. And it helps us so much. So we wanna thank you for doing that. So again, subscribe, leave a review, share an episode or two with a friend, and we'll keep getting the word out about taking control of your money.


George, you Never know, one day they're gonna say, fine, I'll watch the clip. And they go, oh my gosh, this is actually pretty good. Look At this, look what I could do with my money. I love it. All Right, let's go to the phones. We have Ryan in Atlanta, Georgia up next. Hi Ryan, welcome to the show. Hey, Rachel. Hey George. I hope you guys are doing good and stoked to talk to y'all today. Oh, Well thank you too. Thanks for calling. How can we help? Yeah, so I'm, I'm 27 years old. I'm, I'm a aircraft mechanic. I make about 70,000 a year, give or take with get overtime and stuff. But I just had a baby about 30 days ago. Oh, congratulations. And thank you. Thank you. So me and my fiance were getting married in October.


We're not currently married, so I bought a house back in 2023 and she has a house and her house is bigger, So we moved into her house and in the meantime I have my house being rented and I just wanted to know, like, it was always a goal of ours to get into real estate. We just, I, I just wanted to get a clear picture if we're doing this the right way and get a little advice on what you guys will do as far as my situation. Are they both in the Atlanta area? Are they nearby each other? Yes, sir. They're about probably like 10, 15 minutes apart. Okay, that's great. What kind of debt do you guys have, consumer debt wise, you and your fiance, if you, we'll just say, you know, wife for the scenario, once you guys get married, how much consumer debt will you guys have?


Yeah, so luckily we have no consumer debt, just our mortgages. Oh, that's great. Okay. How much do you owe on your primary? So on my home I owe 177 and on her home shows 270. Okay. How much is your home worth? My home is worth about 2 25 to two 30. Okay. Honestly, Ryan, if I were you, how, and you're making 80 grand a year, how much does she make? She makes 80 as well. She'll be getting a promotion next year. She'll be ma making, I'm sorry, she'll be making 80 next year and they'll creep up from there.


She'll be making 150 together come October. Yes, sir. Are you guys gonna combine finances completely? Yes, Sir. And how much are you making on the rental property? Yours? So it's, it's renting out for 1750 and the mortgage is 1160. Okay. About 7,000 a year, give or take. Yeah. I'll tell you what I would do, Ryan and George, I'd be curious your opinion, I don't know where you would stand with this. So if I were you guys, Ryan, I'd probably just sell your house and I would take the equity in it, which will be, It'd be 40 grand Or so Yeah, around Yeah. Ish. Yeah, yeah, after Fees, Fees and taxes and stuff.


Yeah. And, and I mean, you put it towards your mortgage now and you guys would have about two 10 left on your primary mortgage. And then I would work just to pay it off. And that'd be your single goal. I mean, you know, because again, you're, you're making seven grand on the rental, it's not a ton. Right. Like, you're not, it's not life changing. So I, if I were you, I would focus on the primary home, get that sold off, and that will take you guys, I mean, depending on how, you know, how hard you're willing to work and focus maybe five, five-ish years maybe. And then from there reevaluate and say, okay, now what do we wanna do? Because real estate investing will be beyond baby steps. It's a, it's baby step seven really is where I would put it.


So once your primary home was paid off, then save up, pay cash for an investment property. Yep. And I say that Ryan, because, you know, in five years you guys could have two more kids, you know what I mean? You could have three kids the way life looks, you know, your, you know, and your priorities could shift then when you actually say, Hey, we have the ability, we, you know, your income's gonna go up, you guys will have a great income, no house payment, nothing. And if you wanted to save, you know, a hundred grand to buy, you know, a fixer upper and let it be your first rental, have had it and do it right. You know what I mean? Like the Absolutely. Or you could see, I don't know that, man, once you're juggling life and there's, you know, kids running around and everything, you're like, you know, just a good mutual fund feels like really easy in life.


Right. Simple. Now go and go simple with investing. Right. And then maybe get into it later. Right. So it's the idea that it's, it's not a never, and I come from a real estate family. I mean, my family loves real estate and so I am all about it, but I do want the priorities to be in the correct order just for peace and for you guys to have as much autonomy as possible. So that's what I, I would probably sell it and then throw any equity you have at your primary home. You guys get married, I would probably do this after the wedding by the way. I would probably just like, yeah, hold, hold still. Nothing's on fire here. Nothing's on fire after you guys get married. Right. You know, all of that from a legal standpoint is there then, you know, make this move to, to sell your home, put the equity into her home, which you should be on the de you know, the title de all Things.


That's what I was gonna ask. Are you gonna get added to the deed and the mortgage? Yes, sir. Yes sir. That's, that was the goal. After we get married, we were gonna combine everything that, I love the idea of throwing that lump sum from the proceeds at her mortgage, and then you can recast it or refinance it, but probably you could, you should be able to recast it and just add your name to it with that lump sum. Right. And that'll make that payment so low. You guys will knock that mortgage out so fast, making 150 grand, your mortgage is now down to two 30 at that point. Right. That, that was actually a, a segue into, so I have like 80 grand and a high yield savings. And so I didn't know if it would've been smart to like, throw it at my mortgage now and then recast it to where it's a smaller payment.


But, so based off what y'all are saying, it would make sense to sell and then just throw that entire lump. Yeah. Anything beyond your six month emergency fund, I assume that includes your, that's all your savings. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So anything beyond the six month emergency expenses? Yeah, once you guys are married, throw that on top of the lump sum from the proceeds, use the extra savings. You'll knock that thing down, maybe closer to 200. Okay. That'd be amazing. All Right. And you guys still have time? You're gonna cashflow wedding, I assume by October? Well, luckily, yeah. We're blessed in that area. Her, her dad is in a position to help us out with that. Oh, that's great. Awesome. That's great. Yeah, I mean, this sets you guys up, Brian, really? Well, I mean, to get this, the primary mortgage down that low and how much is the house worth?


The house is, so she just bought it like not too long ago. It's worth like 3, 3 0 8 or Something like that. Okay, that's great. But to think that you guys could have a paid off house in what, four-ish years, maybe even. I mean, like, it's just wild to think. And then what you guys can do from there is amazing. So if real estate is still what you guys are wanting, then we'd be all about that. Just cash flowing it and going slow. We always say move at the speed of cash, so it's not gonna be fancy and big and great. But my husband's flipping houses right now, George, and there are some nasty houses that I talk, I always, Hey, when, how it go when he's like, man, there, there's some good days. There's some bad days. I know. Yeah. So you can find some not great. You know, get a contractor in there, you know, figure it out.


But real estate's fun. I think it's a great way to diversify money eventually. You know, we're not, I'm, I'm not just like a oh just invested in mutual fund and sit there. I do like the idea of, you know, you're making money on turn. I dunno, it's fun. Real estate is fun, but I just want you to do it the right way. You'll have more peace about it. Yeah, For sure. And if a deal doesn't go well, George, you know, you just say, well, That happens. That one didn't take, that one happens. But when you do it with cash, it just changes the desperate, the desperation involved. It really does. It is wild. Like it, it, he had one that, and it sat, and I mean it, like, it was painful and it was, it was a larger one than would we, we a deal we would normally do, but we had no mortgage payment. Right. So it's like, you know, you can afford just to let it kind of sit there.


You're not like bleeding money. Yes. Like You would have. Yes. I'm like, seriously, there is something so powerful about it. And, but yeah, there's some, there's some nasty houses, George. Well, If you just watch TikTok, you don't see that. All you see is buy my course and I'll show you how amazing this is and how I Yeah, no, Yeah. I worked one hour a week to make all this money, but the reality of it is it's a lot of pain and turmoil to get the reward on the other side. Yeah, For sure. It's not, it's a lot of work. Yes. Oh no, it's, and that's the interesting thing, you know, that's, you know, flipping versus holding, right? Yeah. So the investment real estate where you hold and Yeah. And, and that's the thing too, is you don't make a ton of money on the rents always. But it's what you, what you make at the buy. Right. If you, if you get a big deal, Appreciation kicks in All the time.


Yes. Which is beautiful too. So, yeah. So there's some fun stuff there that is great. Not everyone does it the wisest, smart, peaceful way. So we are slower with it. But it gives you more peace, which is way more of an enjoyable life, George. Amen.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. More and more people are becoming aware of the need for mental and emotional health resources. But over a quarter of those people still say they avoid getting therapy due to the fear of judgment. I know because I've been there, I've sat with hurting people for years and a lot of folks are scared to take that next step. So, listen, when people won't get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts everybody around them, their families, their workplaces, the entire community. The world is better when people are healthy and whole. So if you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule. They have a network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the therapist that's just right for them. So to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time. It's easy and it doesn't cost any extra money. Listen good folks, we're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp that HE p.com/delony.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today.


It is time for one of our favorite segments on The Ramsey Show in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Joining us are Micah and Jessica, which can only mean one thing. You guys are dead free. Can you confirm or deny? I can confirm. Yes. Yes. We love it. Where are you guys from? So we're from Smith Station, which is close to Auburn, Alabama. Awesome. And how much debt did you pay off? So we paid off $163,427. Oh my gosh. Love it. How long did it take? 29 months. 29 months? Yeah. Okay. So great. That Is wild. Okay, What kind of debt was it? It was an aircraft. Whoa. We got a plane. You know, owner Obviously Calls it an aircraft.


Yeah. An aircraft versus an airplane Makes it feel like a business. What's A D What is the difference? Airplane versus aircraft. Aircraft is anything that flies airplane is specifically like, so It could be like a helicopter. Correct. Would be considered an aircraft. Correct. Okay. But you have an aircraft, are you a pilot? I am. Okay, amazing. So now you have your own aircraft paid off? Actually we sold it. Oh, whoa. You got rid of it? Yes. So we paid it off after we paid it off. Oh my gosh. Okay. So, so it was an aircraft, what else? A truck? Yeah, and a vacuum. And A vacuum. Wow. And our house. And Our house. Wait, what? Oh, Your house. We shoulda Led with this. Wait to bury the lead. Oh, just the house. The afterthoughts. I ask that house is paid off. The Bigger question, how much was this vacuum that it required going into debt?


Yeah, It was about $4,000. Okay. I've heard of these. What are these vacuums, are they like miracle workers compared to a Dyson? Oh yeah, They're, they're pretty great. It's gotta be to go debt. 4,000. Not worth the debt, But they're pretty good. That is why is it For your home? The vacuum for your home? Yeah. Yeah. Worth. You'll have never heard of this. How have you heard of a 4,000 vacuum? So, 'cause someone else was like, yeah, we have vacuum, it's $4,000. Like what? Where I don't even know where to buy a $4,000 vacuum. It's So funny. Oh My gosh. Access to those. Yeah, I told him I wanted it, so Yeah. So you got it. And he said, yes ma'am. Put it on the card. Oh gosh. Okay. So 29 months. So what happens 29 months ago that caused you guys to, to change what you've been doing? So I had gotten a new job several months before that and it was considerably more than I've ever made in my life.


Okay. But several months it goes by and nothing's changed. Still living basically paycheck to paycheck. And I was like, this isn't okay. Something's gotta change. So I remembered from high school, the Dave RAMSEY. Wow. And I was like, Hey, we need to do this. And So we did. Oh my gosh. Okay. So how much money were you guys making during this debt payoff? So at the beginning it was about 160,000 together. And then towards the end it was about 140. Of course now 'cause of promotions and stuff, we're back up to about 160. Okay. So great you guys. Oh my gosh. So you were like, okay, we are making great money, but we're literally living paycheck to paycheck. So what would be, 'cause I'm actually was brainstorming with the team this exact type video of content of like, you know, why wealthy people, you know, people making 200,000, which was basically, you guys are still living paycheck to paycheck because what did it look like for you guys?


Was it just payments? Was it just not budgeting? Like what was life like? No. So he's the spender. Yeah. Okay. So it was mostly him. Okay. I love how quickly she threw you under the Bus. It's okay. I'm also the nerd, so there you go. It's my own fault. It was a lot of things. It was, yeah. I mean, obviously aircraft truck, I mean vacuum, just payments that we had coming through. We didn't do credit cards. I, I never touched credit cards, but kind of the big thing was we were just buying stuff that just really didn't matter. Eating out a lot. Eating out a lot. Yeah. All the subscriptions. Yeah. Yep. Just not really saying no. Correct. Basically if you wanted it, you were gonna figure out a way to do it. Correct. You were like a toddler with a, you know, a Richie rich blank check Situation.


Yes. I love it. So what was your life like during that 29 months? Show Us the other side of the sacrifice. What did You do? So the first about six months, which was when we paid off all our consumer debt. Before we got into the mortgage, it was rice and beans, you know, I mean like we, we weren't, we weren't eating out Harley at all. We have date night. That was our required thing that we would do. But we cut all the subscriptions up, we didn't buy anything, no descriptions. Like it was bare bones. Only if we need it. Did we buy it? Yeah. We started making a list of stuff we wanted to buy after. Yeah, That's good. Oh, that's fun. A wishlist. That's, yeah. Wow. That's great. And you, did you say for the first six months, that was it, that was the mentality, right?


Right. The first six months was that, and then we got through baby step three. So we hit four, five, and six. Yes. And so that slowed down that kind of mentality a little bit. Yeah. Low us grow a little bit, but towards the end I was like, man, this mortgage just really stinks. And so that's when I started talking to her about, hey, maybe we should sell the aircraft that we've paid off. Oh. And that Sped the whole thing. My baby. Yeah. I was gonna, I told him, I said, I'm not telling you to do that. That's gonna be your decision. Yeah. How did it feel when you sold it? I was sad. I teared Up. Did you kiss it goodbye? Like what is the I didn't process it, but it was close to that. Yeah. Okay. How much did you get for it? How much was it that fled? So we, we bought it for 39, but we sold it for 65.


Whoa. Wow. It went out. We fix it Up. We got it. Yeah. So we got it right before COVID-19 market. Oh my gosh. And so market went crazy high in general aviation. And then unturned that we put 24,000 into it. Wow. As well. New paint job, new stuff inside, all kinds of stuff. Oh my gosh. Wow. So you got no aircraft now? No air? Well not mine. No. Yeah, You fly went professionally, but you don't have your hobby. Well, it's actually not what I do for a living. Oh wow. It's just what I do on the side. I do stuff with civil air patrol, so I fly with them, but on primary side, I'm actually it. Oh, nice. So this was a hobby of yours? Correct. That's amazing. Expensive hobby. Okay. It's a very expensive, hobby's expensive Hobby. So now what do you do when you want to go fly?


Well, it depends on what I wanna do. If it's with solar air patrol, then I have to get a certain mission set for that. And there's all kinds of training requirements and stuff I have to maintain. So Wow. There has to be some purpose behind it versus a joy ride. Correct. That's probably for the best. Oh my gosh, I'm so proud of you guys. That's a big sacrifice. Yeah. I mean, you think about it, it's deal trying to convince a guy to sell his truck. He sold his aircraft. Oh, he sold his truck too. I Sold my truck too. Whoa. Did it all. You were just like all the way. Okay. So how, how do you convince another guy listening out there? Who's going? No one's taking my truck away from me. It May not be a truck George. It's Always, always, Always Takes, no one's ever, like no one takes my Prius away from me. No one's ever said that in history. Yeah. I would say number one thing, you're living now, you're not thinking seven years from now.


Mm. So start thinking about what your life's going to be like and then make the sacrifices now. So it can be that. And so it, it's more of a mature mentality. Yes. Micah said it's so much nicer than I could have. That Was good. So good. That was good. Oh man. Okay. Were there people cheering you guys on during this process? I mean, or did you talk about it? Or did you kind of just keep it between y'all? Oh, definitely Talked about it. Talked about it. We talked about it. I love it. We actually led several financial peace university classes as coordinators and So we had our parents and stuff who were happy for us. They weren't necessarily on board with everything we were doing, but they were happy that we were going down this path. So, but really it was each other and just keeping our nose to the grindstone, so to speak.


And just doing it. Anybody make fun of you during it? Oh yes. Yeah. Mainly for the credit card situation. Yeah. Because everyone thinks it's crazy you don't have a credit card and we're like, we didn't have one to begin process. Yeah, that's what, that was interesting too, of saying what Was your retort, what was your big comeback when they would come at you with this? With the credit cards or just in general? Credit cards. Credit cards. I would point out something that's been brought up several times is obviously statistics, right? I'm a big statistics guy being it, right? Yeah. Very numbers oriented, being the nerd. But on top of that, I would bring up, you know, what these credit card companies do and who they target with their advertising and who they're going after. It's The sliminess of it. All Right. The predatory nature. Right. Oh, I love that. So good. Wow.


What's the house worth? It's about 242,000 this morning. Awesome. Amazing. So you guys are well on your way to baby Steps millionaire. Now We are. We are. And baby steps seven. That's incredible. What do you tell people? The key is to getting out of debt. If there was one thing, So We were talking about this on the way here, what we would say if you asked us and my take was invite people into your journey. Because you get to minister to people that way. Tell 'em why you're doing what you're doing and what's so different about RAMSEY compared to all these other financial institutions. That was my takeaway with it. Invite people in, just keep them updated on what you're doing and keeps you motivated. It keeps you motivated. Definitely. And then you can bring other people in 'cause they'll start asking questions like, oh, how'd you do this?


And you get to tell them all about it. Yeah. That's beautiful. And there's some accountability. It's like, oh Chris, oh yeah, they're gonna ask about this. They're Gonna, oh yeah. We were teaching the classes while we were in like baby step three and we're like, we just sold the truck that we had paid off and they, everyone thought we were praising for it. You walk, welcome the talk. Yeah, I love it. Oh my goodness. Well we have a parting gift for you guys. We have two EveryDollar premium subscriptions. Good for a year. So you can use those. Pass it on to the naysayers or the cheerleaders to help them on their debt free journey as well. All Right, here we go. You ready? Let's do it. All Right. We got Micah. We got Jessica 163,000 paid off in 29 months, making one 60 and they sold the aircraft, the truck to do it. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream.


3 3, 2, 2, 1, 1. We Got free. Oh, I Love it. That'll do it. Nailed. I felt that House and everything. Golly. So good. No words. So good.


All Right, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're people you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash a.


George. You know when you open your phone and you're like in an app and you don't realize you're there because subconsciously you just end up. Do you ever do that? There's, you've never said anything more relatable. Okay. Okay. So I looked up the other day, don't joke, judge me if you want. I was in EveryDollar and I literally was like Subconsciously My, the budgeting app subconsciously. And I literally was like, I don't even remember opening my phone. I don't even remember how I got here or what I was thinking to get here. But EveryDollar is an app that I use on the daily Instagram and EveryDollar. It's Just muscle memory. Muscle Memory. It is. I'm like, I don't know because I love this budgeting app. I really do. And as a spender and as a free spirit, it is the thing that like, it just keeps me in line. It gives me peace. I even did an experiment where I tried not to budget for like two weeks to like see like, ooh, what? You know, and I just, I don't like it. That's Rachel living on the ice. I know. And I'm a spender. Y'all like, I like, I, I'm, you know, I'm not one of these like cheap people in life that I'm like, I love to budget, but I do. I love to budget. Wow. And I give EveryDollar a lot of credit because it helps and it's just like, I just love this app so much. So, so here's the ad. If your muscle memory is leading you to DoorDash and Uber Eats and Amazon, download the EveryDollar app instead. Yes. So you can get ahold of your brain rhythm on your phone brain. So you can be looking at your budget more and more. But it is, that's good. If you are living paycheck to paycheck or wherever you are, budgeting is something that is going to help you. It really is. It is a tool. It is a habit to get in and EveryDollar helps. And our team's actually hosting a free budgeting training this month, George. So you're actually gonna learn step by step how to use EveryDollar or how to create a budget, how to stick to it. So spots are limited, but you can sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar and there'll be a q and a as well. So a lot of things just to kind of get started, but it is, it is a, it is a habit. I'm glad I have George for my free spirits. So Proud of you Spending self. It's very helpful. It Is. That's a good humble brag. Thanks. Humble brag. You said thanks. It's too Late like in a job interview where they're like your Worst trait. You're like, I just care too much. You know, I just care too much. I budget too much. I just budget too much.


Alright, let's go to Elijah in New York City, one of my favorite cities in America. Hey Elijah, welcome to the show. Rachel George. How are you guys doing? We're doing great. How can we help today? Excellent, excellent. All Right, so my wife and I are preparing to start a new chapter in our lives. We're gonna be taking over her mom's business. It's a children's consignment shop. We're just kind of curious about what are the logistics behind moving the business over to us. Wondering things like, should the business be in one of our names, keeping one of us as an employee? Is there tax benefits behind that? And also when it does get passed over to us, is there gonna be a cost to us?


Like as far as taxes go? Yeah. When is the, are you guys doing like an official purchase? Her mom doesn't wanna sell it to us. She just wants to give it to us. Just gift it. Okay. Oh yeah. That's great. That's Great. That's nice. So it doesn't cost you anything. And this is a physical brick and mortar location, just one? Correct. And what's the real estate there? Does she rent out of somewhere or does she own the real estate? She rents, She rents out of it. Okay. And we just signed a 10 year lease, So we we're gonna be there for a little while. Okay, that's great. So what's the structure right now as it stands? Do you mean like, like a strip mall sort of thing? Or a single, Single bill? Well, who's like, whose name is on what Got it.


So right now it's in my wife's name 'cause we had to update the, the lease. So my, my mother-in-law said, All Right, we'll put it in her name. So it's now my wife's name. Okay. And is there an operating agreement? Is there something in paper, like a buy sell agreement? What have you guys outlined so far? My wife signed a, a lease contract. That's about it for now. But Nothing with the original owners, your family? Correct. Okay. All Right. But there's nothing, is there anything in writing saying that they gifted this to you? I guess that's what I'm trying to get after is Oh no, this transfer. Oh no, it was just a handshake deal Pretty much. Yeah. She wants to, my mother-in-law wants to retire and wants to hand it over to my wife and I.


Wow. And does your wife have any other siblings? No. Okay. So it's just her. Okay. So there's not like a issue of no issues her of Yeah. Dividing assets and all of that at, at, at her parents, you know, death, you know that that won't be an issue. Luckily not. Okay. Luckily not. Have you contacted like a small business attorney to help with this? I have not. I didn't even know that was a thing, but that's something that I will look into. We have no idea where to start with this. Yeah. There's, there's attorneys that will specialize in small business or even a a, an estate planning attorney can help with this. And the things I would wanna look into is just making sure that there is some sort of ownership transfer agreement in place and something that is guiding the legal structure.


Like is this an LLC? Is it a sole proprietorship? There's so many options out there. It is an LLC. Yeah. And so is the, has the LLC been transferred into your names? Not yet. So there would be one piece of, of homework there, filing the right paperwork with, you know, the IRS and your state licensing transfers the lease agreement. That part's done, which is good. Any liabilities? Is there any debt attached to this business? Debt? No debt at All. Oh, good. Okay. And then on the tax side, I'd be working with a good tax pro to figure out are there gift tax returns? Do they, does your, you know, mom need to file any forms to make sure she doesn't get hit with a gift tax for the sale of this business? Yeah.


What's the, what's the business estimated at Elijah? Do you know? As far as like yearly profits? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. So last year projected around it was around 740,000. Wow. Gosh. Is this like a high end More or less? Yeah. Consume, yes. Consignment wise. I Never realized how much it actually brought in until I started asking more questions because Yeah. So that, so that was top line. How much is, how much is after everything's paid The net that not entirely the net. She said between the two of us, it would probably be around three 50. 300.


Okay. And she just isn't needing that money anymore. Like she, she Correct. She doesn't need any level of stock. She doesn't need any stock or anything. Like, No, she wants dividends and, and babysit the grandkids. Okay. Wow, that's amazing. What a Great situation. What? I know that, what a guess. Phenomenal family. I've married into a phenomenal Family. Oh my gosh. And you guys have obviously want the business, correct? Like this is exciting to her. Yeah. There's not like a burden or like a, gosh, we have to take this just from an emotional level. Not at all. No, my wife loves it on multiple levels. That's great. About two years ago I got hurt on the job. I was an electrician, so I can't do that anymore. So this is kind of my fallback and it's something I enjoy.


It's amazing. I love it. So, great. So Just to recap, there's three people I would reach out to if I was in your shoes. Number one is that attorney who can specialize in this and help you make sure that the T's are crossed, the i's are dotted. Number two is the CPA to help on the tax side. And lastly, I would make sure you have a good insurance pro in your corner to help with liability insurance and, you know, workers' comp and whatever other pieces that the business needs. And make sure it's all in your name and you have the right coverages. Beautiful, beautiful guys. Yeah, It sounds like it's as simple as it gets. Yeah. Beautiful. For sure. Yeah. Thanks Elijah. Yeah, and I would say too, you know, it doesn't have to be necessarily in both names, but making sure that your family, Leslie, you and your wife, your will states that the business is put, you know, in your name if in the event that your wife passes away or something, you know what I mean?


Like if there's clear communication on that end Yeah. That'll bleed into your personal estate planning with this business of what's gonna happen with this business one day. That's what I'm thinking. Yep. A hundred percent. Wow. So that's great, man. That is a, you don't hear that often. It's usually much messier. Yeah. With, from the financial perspective, right. Of a lot of parents that build a business, you know, they need that, the sale of that business for retirement, right? That's the retirement plan. That's right. For a lot of these business owners. Yeah. They didn't invest, they just went, I'm gonna build a business and one day I need the cash and now it's on the kid to pay or go into debt for this business. And they call in saying, well, my dad said it's a great opportunity, it's valued at a million. Should I take out a million in debt to buy the business?


And we're like, no, don't do this, Don't do that, don't do that. Yeah. So This is, this is what it looks like when you do it. Well, I know. A hundred percent. Yeah. So Elijah is yeah, in a very, oh, you Know what I should do for Elijah? Send him a, he think he's still on the line. Hang on, Elijah. Kelly's gonna pick up, we're gonna send you the book from Dave, the newest one. Smart. Build a Business you love. Smart, that's great. That's gonna walk you through the stages of business, the drivers that move through the stages. And I think it's, you're gonna find it really helpful as you take on this new endeavor to do it with a lot of wisdom, which Dave will outline in that book. Yeah. For 30 Sure. 30 plus years of running this thing. Yeah. And it sounds like you guys have a great relationship with her mom who's gifting you all this business. And there's probably a lot of ins and outs of running it as successfully as she has.


I mean, she's done this without debt. She makes, you know, I mean a great return. It's amazing. I mean like close To seven figures in this Business. Yeah. So that's amazing. I mean, she's really done a great job. It's that Selling used kids stuff. I'm in the wrong business, Rachel, But luxury. They're in, they're in New York High end. This is the kind of place my wife would love to Shop at. I know. I thought I should go forever. New York, Forever in New York. I'm gonna find Elijah. Elijah will find you and shop for our kids at the store. So great. Well that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books.


Go call every coach.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now, don't make it weird. Okay. I I, I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-Bye Now. You had it All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.