
Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Dr. John. What up Delony? And we are answering your questions. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. And I feel like we need to give a little shout out this weekend is our money and marriage getaway. We have 600 weekend Valentine's Weekend, Valenti, Valentine's Weekend, Valenti. So we have 600 couples coming to Nashville and there's a bunch of 'em here in our lobby today watching the show, which is so fun. So we are here though live taking your calls. So give us a call talking about your life, your money, your relationships, and first up we have Brian in Billings, Montana.


Hey Brian, welcome to the show. Hey guys, thanks for having me. What's up dude? Absolutely. How can we help? So my soon to be ex-wife and I bought a house a year ago last February, and in this last October, she decided that she wanted a divorce. She already moved out and I decided to try and keep the house by myself. After we purchased the house, she racked up like $10,000 in credit card debt. And I've been working really hard to get this down, but it seems like after all the bills that I pay every month, I have like maybe an extra a hundred dollars I can throw at it. And it just seems like at this rate, it's gonna take forever to pay these credit cards off.


And I don't know if it's smart to keep or sell the house at this point. Were the credit cards in your name that she racked up after the divorce? They Were, Yes they were. And was this after the divorce? No, it was dur or it was, we were still Married. Still legally married. Still married. Okay. At that point, yeah. Can You afford to keep his place? So I make like 4,400 a month and the house payment is 2360. Yeah, Dude, you can't breathe, bro. What are you, what do you do for a living, Brian? I'm an electrician apprentice. Okay. And hopefully next month I'll be able to take my journeyman's exam. So I would get Yeah. A significant pay Bump.


Yeah. What would that look like? How much, in an ideal world, how much would you be making? Probably around 38 to 40 an hour. Okay. But per month, if you're at 4,400 right now, what, what would you expect it to climb to? Like 6,000. I hope. Yeah. That's, that's the hope. Okay. And what's the reality of that actually happening? I'd say there's probably, I don't know, 60% chance that I'd be able to make that happen. And that's gonna happen in the next month or two? Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Okay. I would wait then. 'cause in that case, I mean, if you're making, yeah, I mean if you're making six grand a month, then that's about a quarter of your take home pay.


I mean, that's basically that, that is the parameters. But you, you gotta get it. Yeah. I mean that, that has to be the case, Brian. And I think you have to emotionally be able to detach yourself that if it doesn't happen the way you think it's gonna happen, that you, you, that you can't afford it. You can't afford this house on 44 or a hundred a month. Yeah. And I mean, brother, it's pretty tight on six. Yeah. It's real tight. I mean it's tight right now. Yeah. Especially. So why, why do you wanna keep this house? Like if, if like let's pretend you weren't married, making what you make now and even what you might potentially make. Would you walk in and buy this house? No, but the main thing for keeping it at the moment is that there's not any equity in it.


And So we probably end up having to pay to even sell the house. Yeah. But even if you have to pay 3% or whatever, you're like, I, I just see most couples that go through divorce, one person wants the divorce just to happen and then the rest of their life just keep going on as it was. And Right. It feels like you're bleeding money everywhere. You got this debt here, you got lawyer fees over there, you're gonna get court docket fee, you're gonna get just feed to death. And it's like playing whack-a-mole with all these different bills. The only folks I see be successful in this transition, dude, are folks who understand everything about my life that was is now over. Right. And really like, metaphorically taking your arm and just swiping it across the table and saying, okay, would I buy this house right now?


No. Okay. Then I'm gonna spend five grand getting out of it. Yeah. As the main motivation, Brian, to stay in because you feel like you're gonna lose money or are there kids involved and you're wanting to stay in for them? Or what, what's the main motivation? Just the main is just because of the money aspect. I mean, I don't really, I'd Call a realtor and get an actual real number in your head. What's making you think that, that, well, 'cause you guys just bought it a year ago, like six months ago. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. So it basically in I I get like an updated monthly report on it and it's, And you'll have work What We it for capital gains. 'cause it's been under two years as well. Yeah, there would Be, but there'll be no gain. Oh, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. So Yeah, I would get a realtor, dude, get realtor, I'd get a realtor and get real numbers and, And run some comps too, Brian, because I Yeah, that that's right.


I think there's probably a lot of emotion wrapped up in this. And I have written a check, I wrote a check one time for like $4,600 to get out of a house. And it was the, it's the best. It's, it's one of the best money I've releases you forever. Yeah. Ever, ever, ever. And they say nobody brings a check to closing. You get one. Right? I did. I brought one and yeah, within two months I had basically paid myself back, if you will. And that started my entire Process again. Yeah. Getting outta debt and just stop being chained everything. Yeah. And I think too underestimating the weight of feeling like I have to keep up a, a mortgage payment. It's your home. Like, do you know what I mean? Like, there's, there, there's an extra weight there that you're carrying because of it.


It's not like a car loan that you can sell and kind of figure out when it's your home. There's like this, this desperation that sets in and, and not always making wise decisions. And I realize my math is bad, right? Yeah. It's, it's 37%. It was 30, but it was 30 wasn't 45. It's still pretty bad. It was like 38, 30 9%. So I'd, I'd sell it, dude. So Yeah. Unless they come back and say you're gonna lose 60 or 70,000 bucks. How much does this house cost when you bought it? We financed 2 95. Okay. Yeah. It you, you'll probably spend up to 10 or 15 grand to write a check to get out. Yeah. And that would be a pain. That would be painful on top of everything else. How are you doing with the divorce? Yeah. Mess. It's, it is what it's I guess No, it's not, it's not, that's not a, that's not a real state.


That's what dudes terrible from Montana say when they're trying to stop from just, It's like Cowboys say from weeping. Yeah. How are you? You know, I'm not that great. You know, the past, past few months has been pretty, pretty bad. You have little ones as well. You know, we have a 19, you know, we have a 19 month old baby. Oh man. And we're just trying to navigate co-parenting at this point. But yeah, I don't know. She just decided after three years that she was done and called it quits. I'm sorry ma'am. I'm Sorry. You too. It kind of came outta nowhere. I really did not see it coming. And her parents and my parents and really nobody saw it coming.


And I think she's going through her own issues. Yeah, Yeah. But there's also something about not being able to hold your baby every night of the week that it's hard to breathe. Right. I get that. It is. Yeah. I'm sorry ma'am. Is it final, Brian, the divorce? No, it will be final next month. Okay. So terms and everything with the house, like all of that is, is completed. Oh, no. I mean, technically we still, we filed the court documents and all that stuff. We just have to go to a final hearing. She was signing the house over to Me. Well, and maybe you pause that. I know, That's what I'm Wondering. And I'm gonna sell it and y'all are gonna split the cost of you getting outta the mortgage and you and or your attorney can make a case for, I can't afford this on my current salary, so I'm gonna have to sell it.


And since she's the one who left, then I'm gonna ask her to bear the, the entire, or at least half of the burden of selling this house and getting out of It. Yeah, keeping it, Brian was probably an emotional knee-jerk reaction for you. Yeah. But now that stuff is settling and it's not finalized. I mean, I would, it's an option for sure, because Yeah, calling the show, running the numbers, you can't afford it unless, unless your income bumps up to eight to nine grand a month. But besides that, it's not worth it, Rachel. So I would figure out A way out, Rachel, everybody who gets divorced, it just feels so common. Yeah. Everybody I talk to underestimates how disruptive and how destructive it is. It just blows up Everything so difficult. Brian, thanks for the call.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth for the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions, NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. And we are so excited, we said here in the first segment that we have a lobby full of attendees for our money and marriage getaway this weekend. And we're so excited to announce the fall weekend event of Money and Marriage running it back, coming back in 2025. So these are three incredible days to hang out with your spouse here in Nashville. And you'll join myself and John for a long weekend. And we're gonna dive into some great content around money and around marriage, relationships, all of it. And we do live q and as. We interact a lot. I just feel like there's like this, this energy about this event that is so fun.


It is such a fun weekend and we're pumped to do it this weekend and pumped that it is coming again this fall. So if you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events, we are so excited. Oh, it's November 6th through eighth. I was trying to find the, the dates. So November 6th through eighth, six through eighth, it is here in Nashville. Early bird pricing is happening right now. Tickets start at $749, so get yours before prices go up because they'll continue to go up and we even have some limited VIP tickets with the meet and greets and some other fun stuff. So those, those are available as well. And by the way, we, we intentionally keep this at about half the price of what weekend retreats are, and we intentionally like we could shove another 1500 people in this auditorium, we intentionally undersell it.


So we like, as a, as a team make, we choose to make less money So we can get people in here that when they leave, it's not just three days of talking at somebody, it's three days of like, dude, you and I are both married, we're trying to figure this thing out too. It's whole experience. It's experience. It's everybody in a room figuring this thing out together. It's, it's, it's my favorite thing that I'm a part of. It's awesome. Yeah, it's so, so fun. So again, excited to announce some new dates November 6th through the eighth of 2025. And They dropped this right smack in the middle of deer season. Oh. For a whole weekend, Which is, sorry, supernatural. We did not consult. That's John's hunting schedule's, How dedicated I am to this thing. Wow. What is, what a selfless servant you are. You kind of like a, like a public servant just being here with all of us in November.


Mm. Thank, thank you, John. Listen, My family will starve. Thank you. But marriages will be saved. That's right. That's all we want. That's all we want. Oh man. So, so fun. All Right, let's go to Elizabeth in Philadelphia. Hi Elizabeth, welcome to the show. Hi, how are you both? We are doing great. How can we help? Well, thank you for taking my call. So I'll, I'll cut to the chase. I'm a licensed realtor. I'm working towards my broker's license while I'm in class now. But I have chosen this past year to stay at home with our son and I'm feeling some regret about staying home and I'm struggling with how to be content in that decision.


You know, how can I make peace with this choice and still pursue my career goals without feeling like I'm not contributing enough financially. Okay. So that's what I was gonna ask, what's the, what's the discontent over? Is it that you're bored at home? Is it that you missed your career, that you feel guilt, that you're not bringing in money? What, what, where's this coming from? I think it's a mix. So it's, it's, I I've always had, so I I've been in the mental health field since I've graduated college and always had that job as director role and had, you know, and had a consistent paycheck. Real estate came into my life about nine years ago, and that was always bonus.


So that was always on the side, knowing when I eventually have a family, I can focus on that and, you know, and so always have that as a side hustle. My husband's in mortgages, it's been a rollercoaster last couple years, but with the hustles, you know, side hustles and so forth, and we've saved some money and, and you know, he, my son's only two, we both agreed I can, you know, continue to focus on real estate and stay at home. So I guess that's been a challenge for me. I'm always on the go going to work and, and so I just, I'm having a hard time with that. Although it, it is a very, it's a wonderful thing. I'm still technically working, but I guess that's just not clicking, you know, for me, if that makes sense.


No, absolutely. You know, I think it's, I think it's hard when you go from one speed to the other, it can, it does feel like whiplash and this and this need to feel like I what felt normal is no longer normal and it's not comfortable because of that. And so I do wonder, Elizabeth, because you're, you're a high producer, you know, I can, I can hear it in your personality. You like productivity, you like to do things, and so I'm wondering for you, number one is, is there, is there a level of a hybrid? You know, I mean, I think it's okay to always decide, okay, this isn't what I was thinking it was going to be and make a different decision. Right? No one's, no one's holding you captive to stay home full time unless you and your husband agreed, like that's a value of ours and you want to keep that value longer.


But I'm like, in my head, you can always, you can always kind shuffle around and say, okay, I've been trying this, it's not working. Maybe I go part-time. It doesn't have to be an all or nothing, stay home completely or work, you know, 80 hours a week or something. That hybrid or even the routine around the home. How can you make it mirror your productivity so you at least feel like, yeah, I'm still staying at home, that's what I wanted to do. But it's still matching your personality. Does that make sense? It makes, it makes total sense. And, and believe I'll, I'll make, there's never a moment where I'm, I'm sitting And I wonder if that's an issue though. What? That's it. Well, is that an issue though? Yeah, friend. That's where John will come in. My Friend Ian Simpkin says, if busyness is your drug, rest will feel like stress.


And I'm talking to two moms, so I, I cannot stand when dudes are like, All Right, here's ladies, here's what you're feeling. Here's what you should do. I'm not doing that at all, but I wanna pose these questions. You have entered into what I think from the outside looks like the great guilt factory that is modern motherhood. And there was a whole bunch of people that told you, if you drink like a man, earn like a man. Like if you buy into that nonsense, by the way, men kill themselves more, they die younger. Like if you buy into that track that you'll quote unquote feel a certain way. And then there's this other side of it that is, how dare you do that?


You've got this kid at home, moms who outsource childcare are some sort of like lizard person. They're less than and you thought, okay, I'm gonna quit all of this and it's gonna quote unquote feel a certain way. And in both situations you went with you. And so if you've been running for something for a long time or you run and move as a way to try to outrun ghosts that have been hounding you since you were a little kid, if you're constantly on the move Yeah. Sitting at home and facing the fact, can we just all say this, parents parenting can be super boring. It can be like catastrophically boring. There's only so much chacha in getting thrown up on and washing bo.


I mean it's, it's it's Mundane. Yeah. It, it's just, it's It's over it over it's Complete selflessness versus coming to work and interacting with other adults. Yes. You know what I mean? Like it is a complete giving of yourself. Yes. Completely. Yes. And so and so I think, yeah, what Rachel said I think is so important is none of these decisions are forever. And if you and your husband hold them lightly and say, okay, we're gonna try this for six months, and then you be honest about, I'm kind of going bananas. I need to go talk to a therapist. I need a group of friends. By the way, I think every stay at home mom needs to have a gang. This idea that women go home and you're stuck in a house with a crying baby. It's never happened in human history. And we call, right? We, we tell moms, y'all are the problem. That's insane, right? Yeah, yeah. So you gotta get a gang, all all that stuff. Yes. Is that, is any of this ring true?


Oh, it a hundred percent. Okay. You know, and I think, I think, you know what has recently stopped, like, and this is tell me it's, you need me to stop, but you know, I always, always contribute to my 401k. Now it's like, well I can only do that. That's on pause. My husband does it, he has his 401k. It's like certain things have stopped, right? But we have financially, but like put that security in. So you know, we can hold off on that for a little bit. Hey Elizabeth, he still contributes. Yeah. Yeah. Contributing to a human being is infinitely more valuable than a 401k. You're okay. You're okay. Yeah. Yes. And that doesn't mean getting bared on ist any less fun. That's it's so much of our worth Is financial.


It's a number. It is, It is is poured into that. And it is this value sys this value of here's what I bring in from a dollars and sits perspective. And even that, even you mentioning the 401k Elizabeth, like that is in, that is ingrained in you. What Are you worth? And we answer that with a number. Yes. And that's Insane. And unwinding that I think is gonna be a really important part of this journey for you because for so often, again, I'm gonna say women 'cause I'll speak for myself, that are proactive, you're productive, you do things, there is a value. You, this is like, it can be like a drug. You get something out of it, there's a cause and effect and I get to see it. There's, I've gotta prove that I have worth Yeah. And it and it, and it feels good. And then when all that stops and there's silence there, that's the monster.


You actually, there's no Silence. There's just, can I have a snack? Can I have a snack? Can I have a snack? I know. So yeah. So give, give yourself some grace Elizabeth for sure. But yeah, that I, it is, it's one of the hardest limbos for a mom. And I feel that every day between the kids and the job. I get it. You know,


one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. And as we've mentioned every segment where we're going to 'cause they're fantastic. We have an incredible crowd here today at Ramsey Solutions. And as you can watch the show live from the lobby on the glass right next to the lobby right in front of us as well is the debt-free stage. And people that stand on the stage do a debt-free scream. And today we have Tommy and Rebecca on the stage. Welcome you guys. Hey, how you doing? I doing great. So glad that you're here. All Right. Where are y'all in from? California. Yep. Corona, California. Amazing. Well, you Can't get outta debt if you're from California. That's True. In Corona, California.


That's pretty fun. Okay, you guys, so you're from California, came in, are you guys here for the weekend? Yes. Yeah, we're doing the money and marriage event. Amazing. It's awesome. So great. Okay, so how much debt did you guys pay off? We paid off 644,000. Oh My gosh. Okay. So what does that include? Dang, June we're weird people. Yes. Back The house. I paid off the house. Yes you did. Okay. How much of the six 40 was the house or was that a it, The whole mortgage. Yeah. So paid off the house completely. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Okay. How long did that take? Three years. Three Years. And what kind money were you making during that time? Joint 350,000. Okay. Oh my gosh, you guys, okay, But that still doesn't cover.


I mean y'all, We had y'all savings. You did. So part of the process was letting go of the savings. I was more of the hoarder. 'cause I came from really humble beginnings and so I felt like having a large safety net made me feel warm and fuzzy and that security blanket. So when Tommy got me into the Financial Peace University, it was kind of like he had to explain, babe, this is crazy what we're paying in interest on the mortgage. Yeah, For sure. So you were the, you were the math nerd? Yeah. Running all the numbers. Yeah, I was big into RAMSEY watching it all the time. But we purchased the house right as we got married three years ago.


We were blended family. Okay. We have three daughters between us. And I was looking at the amortization schedule and I just couldn't believe the amount of money that we were gonna end up paying. We didn't, we bought it on a 30 year, So we were yeah. Not really on the plan. And once I was realizing that, I started kind of talking to her more and more about it. We need to pay it off. And at first I probably turned Dave's name into a cuss word in the household. Yeah. Okay. So she, how long have you guys been married? Three years. Three years. Okay. When did all this conversation about selling the house start right before Marriage or paying off? I was telling Off, I'm sorry. Thank you. Pan off. I, I think shortly after we bought the house, I was looking and I started getting anxiety and stressed out about how much money we were gonna spend.


So I started kind of trying to work my way into it and talking to her about it. Oh, he came in hot and I was like, what? I was like, you are crazy. What are you talking about? Like, everyone has a mortgage. Like this is no big deal. But as we went through Financial Peace University, I was like, oh, this, this kind makes sense. Like, okay, All Right, I think we could do this. But it was kind of more of getting me on board 'cause it was, it was, it was crazy. I haven't known anyone to pay off their house. So to me it was crazy. Okay. Tell I want to, I wanna hear from you. I, I want to hear about your, you have a tension that I think so many Americans have that we don't talk about it. This both survivalist, like you grew up without a whole lot.


Me too. Like, and so you kind of know this can all go away and at the same time you get that job and you're kind of successful and you get to have all the stuff that nobody ever, you were never able to have. And so you live in this constant tension of it's all gonna go away. And so maybe you have a deep freezer full of, I don't know, hotdog or whatever. But then also you're just buying stuff all the time. Tell me about that tension that you lived with. Well for me it's, you know, it's a different lifestyle. We just, we do really well and we're very blessed. But at the same time we still have those same traditional feelings. Like we both wear socks with holes in 'em. You know, like, we like because we don't, we're both the savers and so it's crazy to have so much money and income and be able to pay off the house when we're still like, you know, the savor type and Yeah.


It's almost like your emotions haven't caught up to the math. No. And like we just, just In the reality of what it's really reality. Yeah. We just paid off the house last month 'cause we, we knew he booked this money in marriage and we were like, we gotta pay it off and do this every scream. And, and so it hasn't even sunk in yet. Like, this is still so fresh for us that it's like, this is crazy. Have you had, have you had the checks deposit and you don't have a mortgage to send 'em to yet? Yeah, No. We, we had One. Yeah, We had, we got to skip one house payment by the time of coming here. Yeah. So it was like, what? It's the next one that y'all will be weird and then next month you'll look at each other and be like, I think we're rich. It's so crazy. Yeah. Okay. So tell me what, because I love that it's been three years, this has been like a short journey for you guys.


I mean for the most part. And so when you went from, okay, ah, is this a good idea? I don't know. It's not that big of a deal. No one pays off their house. Kind of that normal mindset Right. Which is very normal. Tell me about like, the emotions between just that like, okay. I don't know. To actually having it paid off. Yeah. I think for me, I was always like, Oh no, we need the mortgage to have the tax write off. Right? And, and, and he's like, what are you talking about? And then to get to this side, it's like, oh, we don't have the mortgage anymore. This is, I mean, the way I would describe it is just mind blown. And especially because I don't know anyone else who's paid off the house. And so for us it's totally, we're the weirdos, like he said.


Yep. I found out there's a whole bunch of people who've paid their house off and it's kind of like the guy at the bar who just says, excuse me, because he knows he can beat up everybody and he didn't have to like bark and prove it. You'll find out there's a whole bunch of people who've paid it off. They just don't feel like they have to talk about it because they have peace in their life. Think they have nothing to prove to anybody anymore. Right. And then they can go buy socks. They don't have holes in them too. It's fantastic. So what, what's a thing y'all are gonna work towards to buy now? No big purchases. We wanna retire early So we keep, we're just both savers. So like why not fuel off of that and build towards early retirement? That's The goal. Make, keep going. You make commitment to me and Rachel. Yes. Before you go leave Nashville.


Yes. Y'all here for the money marriage weekend. Yep. Before you leave, I like to think of Nashville as the sock and underwear. Capital of America will all go get some socks. We'll buy socks. I do want To get some cowboy boots actually. Yes. Go get a nice pair of boots. Yeah. That's what you guys need. Saturday evening after the event, y'all go downtown. You can get 19 pair of boots for like four bucks or whatever. Get some hats and that'd be fantastic. Okay. Were were the girls. Were they part of this? How much did you involve the kids? So they were involved in the sense of like saving, like, hey, we need to cut back on eating out this, you know, that really builds up over time. And they're like, but why? And but we did keep this kind of private for ourselves. Yeah.


We wanted to do the journey and when they're old enough we'll explain it to them and the importance of it. But we didn't really get them too deep involved on it. Yes. No, that's great. That's great. I know. But it's so interesting each family because then those girls, as they grow up their normal baseline is like Oh yeah. Is peace. Yeah. Yeah. You just have a, you just have a paid for house. That's what you do. You know, like the normal you're setting is part of changing that family tree. It's not just the financial legacy, but it's this mindset of how you view and see money. So. Awesome. Let make One more quick observation, both of y'all. This is marriage number two. Yes. Yep. The fact that you guys came together and did not just throw your feet up on the couch and say, we're just gonna give us another whirl.


But whatever happened in your past, y'all entered into this new marriage, blending a family, which is hard. You're a picture of your girls came up just stunning young girl. I mean, brother, you're in for a mess, my man. Yeah. No, I'm in trouble. Here's the deal, y'all put some hurdles in your way immediately and y'all overcame 'em. And so I want y'all to remember back to this point when y'all get sideways with, with each other, which you will, every marriage does, y'all can do anything, right? Y all went and did it right outta the gate. It's amazing. So proud you. So great. All Right you guys. We got Tommy and Rebecca from Southern California. They paid off $640,000, which is their house in three years, making $350,000.


All Right you guys, let's hear a debt free cream. Count it down. 3, 2, 1. We're debt free. Amazing. Time to go sock shop in America. And that's how it's done. God, we don't get a lot of houses. We get, we've gotten some recently. We Get some. Yeah, But that's the, that's the pinnacle. But it, it's, they're bucking every trend. California can't pay it off. It's impossible. It's this, it's, it takes two people saying let's just go get this thing done. Oh, it's awesome. Three years. So beautiful. Three Years. Incredible. Incredible. Tommy and Rebecca, you guys are amazing.


Absolutely amazing. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships. Red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships, but all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Up next we have Emily from Minneapolis on the show. Hey Emily, welcome. Hi. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. I am just looking for advice. I'm in a funny situation. I, me and my dad were living with my grandmother and she recently passed away. I'm sorry and thank you. The situation, I guess we were looking to buy the house and I didn't really wanna buy it unless it was given to me. And that was in conversation, but we didn't quite get to it. And my dad has always been supported by her and he had, since she's passed, is still not really going to work.


The reasons why he never really went is 'cause he's an alcoholic. My boyfriend, he wanted to buy the house and I'm a big fan. I know you're not supposed to do that. So we did start the process of the mortgage lending and now my boyfriend doesn't make enough and then my dad's credit is too bad. So it really would only work if all three of us were in on it. But now that my dad still isn't proving to me that he can go to work, I guess I'm just looking for financial advice, what to do here. Please, please, please, please don't do what you're about to do. Yeah, Please don't do that. You know, in your guts that this is not a good idea. Please don't. Yeah. And I know it'll be hard, it'll be uncomfortable and your dad will get mad and you're gonna feel guilty.


All those things. Please don't do this. Yep. Because I'm still in debt. My boyfriend is still in debt. Do we just buy, think Of it this way, think of it this way. The bank's job is to lend money and they looked at your boyfriend and looked at your dad and they said, y'alls situation is so uncertain and unsafe that we can't, we will not do business with you. Please don't like, not to mention like you get the, you know, the mess and the legal mess of buying a house with a boyfriend and how to untangle all that mess. And I know you're gonna be for together forever 'cause we're in love. I know, but we wouldn't have a show. Yeah. If that didn't work out all the time.


And then you throw a dad with some significant challenges, man, it is just a recipe for you being just destroyed financially. Your romantic relationship ending up in Ash and then you and your father having No, I mean you've, you've, you've tangled business with substance abuse with lifetime of y you two having challenges with grief. I mean, it's just such a wreck. Walk away. Go get an apartment. Please, please, please Go get an apartment. How old are you Emily? I'm 24. Okay. No, please don't, please don't. Yeah, there, there are so many, so many things in this. And in a weird way too, Emily, I feel like sometimes you can call it god, you can call it life, whatever you want.


There's just closed doors that happen and it's like, there keep, there's closed doors continuing to happen. You didn't have the conversation with your grandma. The bank isn't allowing, you know, your dad to fully have it. And then also then the boyfriend and then you're gonna have to come into play. I mean like, do you, do he like, there, there are all of these things that are stopping you and, and I think, is it, is it your sentimental, you know, the sentimental idea of owning this house from your grandmother? Or is it just, I wanna own a house? Like what, give me some of the, the thought behind it for you. Right. So this year was, we just got on the, you know, my boyfriend and I were like, Hey, we're gonna pay off our debt. We were gonna, you know, get engaged and buy a house this year.


But then when this happened, I guess now it just kind of feels like, you know, I know my dad has bad credit and it, when he gets this money from once the house is sold, there's three other brothers. So he'll probably get like $50,000. I know if he gets that, he's just gonna drain it. He can't go buy a house. So I guess part of it kind of felt like an obligation to what's gonna happen to him. I know that's not my responsibility and I thought it would be easier to move on until it really came to like, I don't know what he is gonna do. You know, This is a really, really hard thing for me to say. Yeah, But you can't save your dad in this situation.


No. It's not my responsibility. I Understand. Well, and, and I'm glad that, I mean, I I know the cool thing these days is just to write off your parents. I I don't believe in that and I believe hanging in there as, as long as you can outside of like really abusive situations and the thought of taking care of my parents like that, that consumes a lot of my thinking. So I I that's not a bad thing. This isn't you helping him with bad financial decisions and this isn't you helping an elderly parent. This is you thinking that maybe now he's gonna look at you and say I'm proud of you and that he's not going to Yeah, no you're right. You and you've been looking for that since you were a little bitty girl wondering why is he picking the bottle over me and has nothing to do with you.


It has to do with the fact that he's got demons, man. And I'll call for him works right now and Yep. He's gonna have to walk through that. Yeah, I understand. And I hate that for you. I hate it for you. I do, I really do. Man. And Emily too. I would give you a little bit of word of caution with your boyfriend and even just the mixes of finances. 'cause as you were saying, we were trying to pay off our debt and all of this, keep everything separate and if you're working to pay off debt, that's incredible, but be paying off your debts. How much debt do you have? Oh Yeah, yeah. Me doing mine. Him doing kids. Perfect. Okay, good, good, good. Yes, That's the number people who call the show and one she's paid off all of his debt and then he finds some new hot young thing at the water park or whatever.


Weird. Like, like, you know what I mean? So yeah, you pay off yours. Y'all can speak each other as cheerleaders. Y'all can high five each other. But yeah, I don't pay off his debt yet. Okay. And so you guys recommend apartment save to buy the house then get engaged? No, no, no. Get an Engaged, get engaged. Get engaged whenever. Yeah. Get engaged today. Yeah. I mean if you guys are doing it, just do it now. Get engaged, get married. Okay. Yeah, I would be completely debt free and have a fully funded emergency fund of three to six months of expenses and then save at least a 5% for a down payment. Okay. 5% for a down payment. Okay. And so that's probably gonna be, what do you make?


What was that? How much money do you make? I make, I think it's like 35 after taxes. How much do you owe in debt? I have one auto loan and it was for my grandma actually to get her boat around. She bought a boat her last summer because she said life is too short and she spent her funeral money. So it's a truck. It's a $14,000 truck. Can you sell it? I'm thinking about it. Yeah. I would sell it this weekend. Yeah. Have you looked into if you, if you sold a private seller, what, what, what it would come to? I haven't yet. I think this all kind of just hit me today of like, okay, well I'm not gonna be able to do this.


Yeah, for sure. Emily like, no, and I'm so glad you called. So I would just go on Kelly Blue book, type in the information, you know, it'll ask you some questions and just get, don't do don't do a a dealer, you know, do a private sale. You'll get more that way. And yeah. And that and that would be huge. You're free then go buy a $5,000 Camry that will run forever. Yes. And then you're off to the races and can we, okay, can we, I want you to see this. You have a real life picture. Most don't have this. You have a real life picture of what it looks like to not take care of your finances, to burn yourself to the ground, trying to prop somebody else up who's not interested in your help. And then asking your granddaughter to buy a car so that you in your last few months and years can yolo You have a picture of that?


Yeah. I want you to try to consider what it would feel like to not owe anybody any money to have your own house, to have a job where you're making more than 35,000 bucks Savings in the bank. You got savings in the bank. You get what I'm saying? Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. The su for peace. Yeah. Emily, stay on the line. Christian's gonna pick up and we're gonna give you financial peace University, this is our nine lesson course and you can just binge those videos just to kinda get the piece. My Boyfriend watch it. Yeah. Yeah. You guys sit down together and watch it. Seriously. That was already The plan. Oh, good. Good, good, good. And we'll give you EveryDollar premium so that you can start really working the, this feeling of what John's saying, kind of painting this picture of Yeah. What does this look like to actually have a plan for my money, not only month to month, but in the next 3, 4, 5, 6 years.


And, and it's an amazing thing. I mean, it it is so possible and, and you're 24 years old and you are gonna able to make so many changes. So many changes in this. Thank you. But there's some but there's some I appreciate it. I'm a Huge fan. Yeah, no, we're so excited for you. And there's some relational hurdles there too in your life. Yeah. Hey, can we make no mistake? It's gonna, this is gonna be awful. Yeah. Your dad's No to the house. Your dad is gonna make you feel so guilty and he's gonna blame you and you can block him and you cannot respond. But it's gonna be hard. But just because it's hard doesn't mean it's not the next right thing. Yeah. Emily, thanks for the call. Stay away from water parks. Right? I'm telling you, you those boys go to Water waterparks and they find new.


They find new. Oh My gosh. All Right. Thanks to all the guys in the booth. Thanks John for a great hour and thank you America. We'll be


back. Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, we do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend, the bestselling author Dr. John Delony. And we are taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. So give us a call talking about your life, your money, anything and everything. Next up. Wait. First up dude, I'm so happy right now. This is my favorite weekend of the year. I love It. Favorite weekend Of year. It's money marriage weekend. And people come from all over planet Earth to hang out with us in Nashville, Tennessee. And if you think we get wheels off like on our individual shows, this particular event is so unhinged.


It's the best. It's the best of the best. It's a Lot of Rachel just shaking her head on stage with John. Just You are the queen of accidental double entendres. Okay. It's, It's, it's like your, it's like your superpower. It happens sometimes. Alright, let's start us off this hour with Actually Ken Coleman is the king Always the king number one? Yes. Number one. Number one in the book for sure. Alright, let's go to Courtney in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hey Courtney, welcome to the show. Hi, how's it going? I hope you guys are doing good. I just have a question about debt consolidation. So I have a vehicle loan that's like over 23,000 and I'm wanting to sell it to an auto dealership, but the options are either lease or get a rebate and lease a car, which I don't wanna do or pay the, the part where I'm underwater.


And so I was thinking if I go ahead sell it and get a loan out for maybe 9,000, I can pay off my credit card and have my car also paid off and have that debt gone because my ultimate goal is to be able to get a house and just get rid of some of that debt. Okay. So the car you, you owe 23 on it. And have you looked at other options like private sale and what you could get? 'cause usually you can't get as great of a deal with through a dealership. Yeah, I haven't looked at private sale. I mean there's a dealership right now, like my car, they're offering like around 20,000. Okay. So that, I mean that's pretty good.


Yeah. I just am concerned about how long it'll take to do a private sale. Sure. While I'm putting more mileage on the car. Sure. If they're offering you 20, then I bet you can get 27 5 for it. 27 5 for It. I just made that number up. How do I do? But I guarantee you they are low balling. You like swing low sweet chariots. They are. So they are, they, they, they send these emails out that they have with their, with the, and and, and they're fishing for desperate people. Yeah. Yeah. If you wait two weeks, you get this thing sold private sale. How do I, Okay. Okay. What, which, so should I just stay away from the debt consolidation or Yeah, I would.


'cause it's not gonna really fix your problem. 'cause how much do you have in credit card debt that you're wanting to, you're wanting to use some of this other loan that you're gonna take out, right. To pay off the credit card debt. Yeah. And how much is that? Yeah, how much is the credit card debt? So the credit card is about 4,000. 4,000. Okay. And how much do you make a year? Around 70,000. Around 70. Okay. Great. Okay. Honestly, Courtney, if I were you, I, I mean I think John's right. I think you could probably break even on this car. If not, maybe make a thousand or so. So I would re I would Kelly Blue book it and really look into private sales. Okay. To just to to sell to an individual. And I think you're going to get more doing that. Again, the dealerships always lowball you because they have to turn around and resell it and so they have to make their margin on it.


And so instead of all of that, you get the profit instead of them, But they're also gonna turn around and resell it. But you, you kind of unveiled their plan. They're gonna make a little bit of money on that resale. Where they're gonna make most of their money is taking somebody who bought a car and trying to trade them into a lease. Yes. That's it too, Courtney. They're, they're trying to make a lot of that. And you, you've heard that when you drive a new car off the lot, it instantly loses money. You, you, you know that one, right? Yeah, it definitely did. It went down like 10. That's right. All a leases is, it's an awesome scam that car companies came up with to get regular consumers just to pay for that depreciation.


So they get their car back in two years, somebody has paid the depreciation and now they can turn and sell it for what it's worth and they win. Don't play that game. Okay. They're, it's just they are looking for desperate people. Yeah. Courtney, do you have any money saved at all? I don't, like, I just made a big move, honestly. Okay. And I, I had like life happened and then that's, that's kind of what happened. Sure. I had to buy a new car. Yeah. Because I'm Used, but, you Know. Yeah. And you know, and I don't think you're in like a, you're not in, not at all in a desperate situation. So if I were you, Courtney, I would, I would make it a goal, get an extra job, get a side hustle, and I would make it a goal to save five to $6,000. I mean in the next like four months.


Like make a big goal, try to make 1,015, 2000 a month extra. And when you do that, you'll have, you'll have that margin. Go and buy a $5,000 Honda Civic sell this car for, and maybe you'll break even on it. Right. I mean, the worst it's gonna be 23. If they're offering you 2023, maybe you'll get another extra thousand dollars or two. And I don't even mind if, if you have to go to a local credit union and take out a loan for 2,500 bucks to get out of it because then you only owe 2,500 versus 2000. Is your credit pretty shot? Yeah. Well no, my credit's, I just, I think the car is so new on my, I've only had it for a couple of months, but it, it Was, yeah, you're not underwater on it.


So breaking even, you know, I mean is a win. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah. And then, yeah. And then Courtney, you'll be able to work and pay off this, pay off the credit card, the 4,000 in three or four months. I mean, your whole life could look different honestly in the next eight to nine months. And I don't think, yeah, the debt consolidation loan, I mean that's just moving around, you know, the interest and you're, you're not gonna be in this long anyway. So for the long game from the math perspective, it's not gonna make that much of a difference. And majority of the time with debt consolidation, not as much in this example, but for a lot of people they try to shuffle around their debt to fix a math problem. We are realizing that so much of this is a behavior problem, not a math problem.


So you Courtney going and doing it and you know, understanding like, oh yeah, I, I can totally pay this off. I think you'll do it faster in that way than trying to kind of shuffle the debt around. Can I ask you a personal question just between me and you and a couple of million people listening? Sure. Why did you move For a job? I got a actual, like almost a $16,000 increase and I just, everything was great. I had my money saved for my house, everything was going and then something popped up on my credit that I didn't know about to get an apartment and then I, you know, I just couldn't get the house at that time as well.


So started shoving out money left and right next to me. I know my savings was drained. There you Go. So sometimes Yeah, like when you have a big transition or two or three, or you mentioned it just things got chaotic real fast, all of a sudden you look up and the smoke clears and you're like, what happened? Right? Like, I'm all super stable and then this thing happens. The temptation is, I wanna fix it. All Right this second. It's like somebody who has like a really just bad gets off the rails with their diet on a weekend and they think they're gonna solve it by just starving themselves Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. And what they end up doing is creating such a, like a, like a teeter-totter inside their, inside their body that they end up overeating Thursday and Friday, right? So the hardest thing for you is just like you make great money, you're clearly awesome at what you do and you've had some, a little bit of chaos in your life.


You've transitioned, you've moved all this stuff. Just do the next right Move. Like get rid of the car, don't get in bed with any, I said that kind of weird. Don't take out any loans, don't get in with, don't get in with any consolidation. You'll pay this $4,000 off in no time. You'll have your savings back in no time, and then you'll be back on your feet. Like Rachel said, in nine months. This whole thing is behind you. So just do the next right move.


Listen people, what you call organized chaos is still chaos this year. Build some room in your budget to get your life really organized. One tool that I recommend is a knock box, as in next of Kin Knock Box is a complete system that helps you organize important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. The 15 categories in your knock box cover everything from health history and investments to your ancestry and even collectibles. So cut the clutter with a knock box. Start getting organized today and receive an exclusive discount@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. That's N okay box.com/ RAMSEY.


I still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that Toxic Money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors. And it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you, it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from Broke to Millionaire and I break it all down. In my new book, breaking Free From Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options, and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of breaking free from broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why refi, why Refi, refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Now you guys, private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally May. So to learn more about this custom refinancing option and a lump sum payoff option that you could qualify for, for after 24 months, go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Alright, before I read today's question out loud, I need everybody to relax. James, this may be the end of the show. 'cause I, this is a, you're gonna get canceled question because I have strong opinions on this. Today's question comes from Renee in Iowa. Oh geez, here we go. My husband and I are on baby step two with about $50,000 left to pay off. We earn around 250,000 bucks a year. Our question is regarding how much we spend for our 13-year-old daughter's travel softball team between club dues, private lessons, weekend travel, food, hotels, and I could go on and on.


It's about a thousand dollars a month, Rachel, a thousand. We're doing well, paying off our debt and I don't wanna squash her passion for sports, then take her out of travel sports because she's one of the top players in the state. She still will be. She's a hardworking kid and doesn't take our support for granted. But I feel like I'm breaking the rules for paying off debt in baby. Step two. What are your thoughts on this? Oh, this is a, this is, this is the killer question. The knife in the heart question, our debt is not her fault. So I feel like it's unfair to take this from her just to save some money.


I, I'm gonna have a probably a less harsher take than you will Go for it. Okay? You make $250,000 a year, you have $50,000 in debt. So, you know, cut, cut everything for six months and pay off the debt like in my head and then, and you're fine. And then you pay the, the softball stuff and you're fine. Do you know what I mean? Like, it's not like, Yeah, my problem with this has nothing to do with math. I know, I know, but it's the debt. Yes. Yeah. That's make Quarter million dollars pay off your debts. Yeah, that's so like in my head I'm like the the thousand dollars softball thing. Yes. Is it, is it slowing down your debt snowballs? Sure. But I think there's way other problems out there for making $250,000 and not being able to pay off 50. Like in my head I'm Like, well that's, yeah, you're taking home 18 to 20,000 bucks a month, making a quarter million dollars and you take five or 7,000 of that a month, pay off 50, 50 grand in, Right?


Right. Six to 10 months it's over. Get an extra job or whatever. Like, do you know what I mean? Like you Yeah. To do it. So I, I don't, I don't like the, oh my gosh, this is the thing. I'm like, I think there's other issues going on besides the the softball thing. Yes, I would be, I would be shocked and Renee, I can be wrong. I'd be shocked if there's not a whole bunch of other expenses that we quote unquote have to do. Yeah. It's that feeling. Or I'm gonna use her words. We're gonna squash our kids' passion. It's not her fault. So it's unfair. All this stuff. So here's what I, I, I've, I spent my career, I was, I, I did, I did travel sports at their, in their first iteration. I was a college athlete for a couple years. Like I, I, I'm, my whole life has been around athletics and I love it and I've got to sit, some of my buddies are collegiate trainers.


That's what they do for a living. I also work with some of the top physical fitness folks in the wor like, so I, this is, I love this. I love sports, I love all of it. And we are destroying our kids at the altar of every weekend, private lessons, club dues performance. And we say things like, she's one of the best players in the state. Great. That doesn't mean you spend a thousand bucks a month, right? If you go ask people who work with professional athletes, and even the top collegiate athletes are gonna tell you, let your kids have time off, make them play other sports. Go do other fun things, go camping, have weekends, have a child Play.


Have I gonna say a, a whole rounded childhood. That's right. And the problem with this is it's so segmented so early in life too. That's right. And, And and I I've got, I've got collegiate trainers and collegiate medical staff friends of mine that said they see repetitive joint use injuries in 18 year olds that are, have always been reserved Yes. For geriatric patients, shoulders, knees, it's madness, right? Yes. In this intense specialization and the intense focus. And, and so I want every parent this, like you said, it's not about money. It's not about money. If you make 75,000 bucks, and lemme put it this way, everything is on the table when you're trying to get outta debt. Yes. It's an emergency for your family. And I do like kids having some skin in the game. And moms and dads, you're not robbing from your children if you don't.


Shell out a thousand dollars a month for, for soccer or for softball or for whatever the thing is, you're not robbing a Childhood, do you? And you know what I hear in this too, Renee? I mean, this was what, five, six sentences all around this ho It's guilt. It's guilt, guilt, Guilt's. And I'm like, there's a level of this, like idolization in her. I'm like, Renee, chill. Like, you know what I mean? Like, she's 13. If she, if if Renee was like, yeah, I mean it's fine, it's fine. But she's like, no, no. I ha it's this like pressurized momentum for the parents going on to the children. Yes. And here's what, here, here's the ultimate, the ultimate problem. Our kids are being made the center point of the family of the house.


Your 13-year-old knows that her life dictates every weekend, every evening of the week, all of the driving the money. They know that. And kids cannot hold. They're not strong enough to hold the, the entire weight of a family. That's the parent's job. Teach your kids to be disappointed. Teach them, Hey, me and your dad got into a whole bunch of debt. And so all of us have to sacrifice a season and they're gonna learn resilience For One year and frustration. Right? And your 13 year olds will say things like, I hate you. They're 13. Right? There's a reason we don't let 13 year olds buy guns or beer or vote. 'cause they're 13, right? And so if you are playing this, it's unfair. And I don't wanna get mad and I don't wanna take their passion.


You, you won't do any of that stuff. You won't do any of that stuff. You will give your kid stable, as Dr. Becky Kennedy says, A sturdy presence to anchor into. And that's way more important Yes. Than shelling out private lessons and travel and hotels and, and all this madness. It is stone madness. And if you talk to any professional coach, they'll tell you, geez Louise man. Yep. Do something else. Go play soccer. Yeah. Go play basketball. Go take a karate class. Go play guitar. Do other things that make you a well-rounded human being. Yes. Well, and I even think, you know, the well-roundedness, I was even hearing some dads talk and they were like, you know, their goal is to go do something outdoors once a month with the, with the kids, with the boys.


Right? Because they were like, if you look up, it's, it's a sport, sport sport, sport, sport. And I don't know why it, I don't know if it's like this area or if it's all of America. It's turned into, but It is a All of America. And, and here's the thing. I have great sympathy for parents, Rachel. 'cause they're told at four, Hey, your kid's pretty fast. You, or How good does it feel when someone's like, Hey, your kid made this team. And you're like, yeah, All Right. It's gonna cost $900 and because you're, I see something in your kid. And if they get on this team, then next year they can get on this team. By fifth grade they can get on that team. And then in eighth grade they can get on this. And you just got put into a rocket ship a system that is so expensive. And I was gonna say, and if we just, I would love to do like an investigative reporting on how much these leagues make And the league owners make.


They, It is a money making machine. It's a printing Press. It's It is. And every parent's like, take my money, take my money, take my money. I mean, seriously, it is, it is wild. I would love what goes on. I love to see a parent. It's crazy. Who is awesome. Who would be willing to go back and say, okay, here's how much money we spent and I would love to just give it to you or George or Jade and have y'all run it through. If y'all invested this, just put it in a 5 29 or put it in a, in a Roth for your kid. So how much of all of this from your perspective, how much of it is the, is is the kid that's like, no, I want it, I want it, I want it. Versus the parents that's saying do this, do this, do this. 13 year olds, nine year olds, seven year olds, they're gonna want Twinkies and Skittles and to stay up late and to play games and have other recognition from other adults.


Kids are just kids. I heard somebody say recently that I just love, I don't wanna hear another person say quote unquote the kids these days, they haven't changed. Kids are kids, they're always gonna try to push the boundaries and they're always gonna say, I want the next shiny thing. That's 'cause they're kids. What's changed is adults who are worshiping their children's feelings and they don't have their own psychology. They weren't trying to relive their child childhood, everybody's Uncle Rico, if I had just gotten my shot. But I think the bigger thing is, the more honest take is parents are so worried about how their kids feel on a minute by minute basis. Yeah. That they end up with 19 year olds that can't pick up their arms and that have no resilience and no, no psychology for disappointment or frustration.


Well, and it's funny too, I'm like as a parent with three little ones and this, I mean literally they're like, oh, well if they don't do this and they're not on travel by fourths or fifth grade, then they're not gonna make the middle school team. Then they're not gonna make the high school team. Then they're gonna do drugs and they're gonna die. Like that's like, that's the story. What it feels like happens. That's story what happens. And you're like, oh my gosh. Right. So yeah, taking Fear out all this itally not true period. There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting.


But you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's. Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Hey Guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive-through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on. EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out and what's left over for some fun. Because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today


a back again. We have a big weekend here for our money and marriage event. And tickets just came on sale for our November event. We just opened up these dates to the public. So November 6th through eighth you can come out to Nashville with your spouse and come hang out with us. The greatest marriage treat on earth, I'm a little bit biased, but I think it's the best one that's Out there. It's it. We have so much fun this weekend you guys, and it is, it's always great conversations, great hanging out time. We really pack in an incredible weekend. So you can get your tickets for the fall event November 6th through eighth at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events of next we have at Susie in Phoenix, Arizona. Hi Susie, welcome to the show.


Hi. Hello. Hello to be with you. Yes. Thanks for calling in. How can we help? So I want to know how can I go on in the ways I can trust my husband after he had moved all our savings without telling me, I discovered it and he keeps on making financial decisions without telling me or asking me Where did he take your, where did he take your savings? Well, he moved it to another account and that, well, part of it that has higher interest and some of it went into some investments.


But like, and what, it's not a concern because we kind of talked about it, but it's just not the only, in the last two years, not the only time that he did things. And I discovered it and, Well, I guess there's two things here. One is you, you can't, like you're asking yourself to do something like you're asking yourself to find trust within yourself and the person you're trying to trust continues to violate the trust. And so if you wanna reestablish trust, then you have to put down on, on the table, lay it out there. Here's what must be true for me to trust you again.


And we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to practice and we're gonna have to go step by step to reestablish trust. And then the other person has to participate. Yeah. So like relationally, I know what to ask of him. Like I want, I know like first you do this, this, and this, and then we can like work together and you know, but I'll, I can start. What you after these steps, would it make you, but financially, I don't know what to ask of him. 'cause I thought we had like a joint bank, bank account and it turns out like probably, I don't know what a joint bank account is and what, like, what I ask of what should I ask of him to be sure that, you know, money doesn't disappear like all of a sudden that I have some.


Yeah, I mean you, you need to have a spreadsheet that has every account on it and what every password for every account is. And your, you should both be sitting down with an investment professional, smart investor, pros we call 'em here and they're walking both of you through your retirement accounts and how much money you have in those accounts. And you should know how much cash y'all have. I mean all this stuff you should know Susie, what does he say his reasoning is for doing this without telling you, when you find out and you say, oh my gosh, you moved the money. What does he say? He, he, he couldn't explain it actually. He started saying, well because you, because you and I am like, I, I stopped like my mind shut off.


I stopped even listening because like, what do you mean because you you did it, you didn't like he is saying, well he's trying to put the guilt on me somehow. Okay, well the the worst thing is that for 15 years, like money wasn't something that we ever had fights or, or about Did you ever talk about it? We in those 15 years we were always on the same page and you saw everything, you had access to everything and you knew where everything was for 15 years. Yeah. And he, there was no fights and he would always say we would discuss it or sometimes like he'll say, I wanna do this or I, I did this. And I'm like, okay. So he always said, what's going on?


And then he just, Is he in trouble? Is he making, is he making, is he struggling with gambling or is he seeing somebody else like, where's this money going? I wanna say that it's not going, I don't think he has problems with gambling, but, and he, I don't know actually what's going on. 'cause this is like the last two years there's been a series of betrayals. Okay, so here here's the thing, here's what you need to do. Yeah, go ahead. Well there, so there's been other betrayals Susie in your marriage? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. On his, on on his end or your end. I relationally what to ask. But then how did I make myself financially Have you caught him having an affair?


He was in an emotional affair with somebody. Okay. My guess is if there's missing money or suddenly money's getting moved around all over the place that if you went in and did a forensic deep dive into that and forensics just means you went and you went line by line to see what is stuff's being spent, you're gonna find stuff spent on flowers and hotel rooms and things like that. It's, it's just very rare for things to just be bebopping along for 15 years. Everybody's on the same page and then suddenly all the money gets moved and you don't know where it is. Some of it's getting spread out. All that kind of stuff. If I'm you or if you're my sister or you or my mom, I would tell you pull your credit report today to find out what loans have been taken out with your social security number.


I would freeze my credit and then I would tell my husband, I I we're gonna have a meeting with every single account EveryDollar amount. I'm want to know what is in our, all of our retirement accounts. I wanna know what's in all of our savings account, what's in our checking account. And an accounting for where all the cash actually is. Yeah. And it's just gonna be a sheet. And by the way, it's not hard to do. I've got one, my wife has one and Rachel, it's pretty common that somebody just instantly gets into a mess. And I see it more and more with online gambling over the last few years. Yes, yes. But usually when there's yes. When there's shuffling around like this and then suddenly there was transparency. Now there's not transparency. Yeah. There's a red flag. That's something Else is going. That's the biggest waving on top of a mountain red flag There is.


Yeah. Yeah. And So, sorry Susie. Yeah. And I would say even from a relational standpoint, I don't feel like you guys have probably fully healed from that obviously. Because even the way he's speaking to you or what you told us, he's shifting the blame. He's The guest lights are burning brightly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean seriously like it's, it it is pretty wild. So yeah, I would be, yeah, I mean it is so difficult 'cause if it's not under your name, he could have a secret account that you never know about either. Absolutely. That's right. So, so there is a level of, of his transparency that he has to come forward as well. But you can pull things on in your name if you know the banks you guys are banking at together, whatever name account that, or whatever account is in your name, you will have access to, you'll be able to see it.


And then asking him to do the same. 'cause I'll be curious, as you do your digging on the side and he brings information, if his doesn't line up with what you even found right then, then there's another, you know, distrust there. But this is Susie usually with these types of situations we always say around here and it is true. It's at this point it's not, it's not a, it's not a money thing, it's a marriage issue. Yeah. Big time because of the marriage issues, it's coming out as this money issue. And so yeah, I mean you, you guys have, you have a road of healing. I mean, you really do. And if you guys wanna, well, you Got a road of fact finding for for the time Being. For fact. That's fair. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And because You're not getting the full story. Yeah. And, and that's really, really difficult and always scary.


I'm like, that's the, it is the betrayal that's always so difficult. Yeah. So difficult. So yeah. I'm sorry Susie, thanks for the call. I hope, I hope that helps and I hope it does give you some empowerment to, to go and, and to look. And I think for some, you know, I'll say women who do allow the husbands just to basically do majority of everything when it comes to the money. This is one of the issues that we find. 'cause because you do feel overwhelmed of like, oh my gosh, I don't, I don't even know where to start. Right? Like, I don't even know what to look for or what to ask. 'cause you were saying that Susie, I don't even know what to ask from a financial situation. So again, just to repeat and, and, and, and help you in this, I mean, it is asking checking accounts, it's asking savings accounts, high yield accounts, money market accounts, investments, retirement accounts.


I mean, I Would any outstanding debts, Any debts that are there. Yes. And what John said too, pulling your credit report and, and seeing if any debts have been taken out. But that's, that's kind of the, those are the kind of the categories to walk through to ask him and then for you to go in this investigative mode. Yeah. And let me flip it, try to find it as well. Flip to the men out there. You are not helping your wife have any sort of peace in her life by saying, I've got it. I I've got it right At some regular interval, whether it's every month or every quarter, twice a year, once a year, sit down and say, and of course there's somebody who pushes the button and pays the bills, or somebody who moves the money.


I get that. Have some sort of, hey, just so we're on the same page, here's where everything is and here's where we are. That brings so much peace to your house and it keeps these, these nightmares from happening.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the smart investor program. A smart investor pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster.


One of the best things that you can do for your money is to get a great tax pro in your corner tax season is approaching and they're gonna help advise you to make the best moves through your situation, especially if you've had a big life change or a complicated situation if you own a small business. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax pro to find CPAs and enrolled agents that have been vetted by the RAMSEY team.


All Right, up next we have Ashton in Madison, Wisconsin. Hi Ashton, welcome to the show. Hello. Thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. Thanks for calling in. How can we help? Okay, so basically I own a residential painting company here with my longtime childhood friend. We basically are splitting the profits right down the middle at around 50% despite me running the business full time year round while he's in school. And he only works for about three and a half months out of the year. How'd y'all come to that, that arrangement? Man, you're getting hosed on that deal. Well, I dropped out of school to start the business and so when we created the partnership, you know, we just made it 50 50 and then we kind of assumed that it was going to be the same setup as when we worked at a different painting company together.


But now, you know, now that we're into it, I'm booking all the work. I paint and run one of the crews year round. I'm expanding the network daily and I'm making most of the the gradual improvements to the business. So what's he, what's Are you asking, doing a lot more work? What's you, have you brought this up to him feeling like it's unfair? What, how has he responded? Yeah, Yeah. We've, we've had multiple conversations about it and the main argument that he uses is that I currently make, or he and i, I guess both make over six figures. And so why do I need any more money? You know, that that's kind of his argument and he just doesn't back down on it. Did you guys put in investment upfront, equal investment and that's how you got to the 50 50 partnership?


Or did you guys, you guys were just two friends or like, yeah, we'll just open up this together and see what happens. I'd say it's closer to the ladder. It really wasn't super expensive to get into the business and I know that I don't need the extra money to like stay alive, you know, I'll be fine. But my contribution Business, her past need a long time ago. So it's not that. I mean Yeah. No, no, no. Hey, just bro, this guy is not your friend. Yeah. He is my business partner. I I understand That. There's, he's bad business partner. Like I like you might be right? Yeah. You gotta dissolve the same 'cause because e I'm just thinking if one of my buddies came to me and I was in school, we had a, we had a business and suddenly he was running the whole thing.


It wouldn't even occur to me just to respond the way he did. Take Two 50. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Okay. So, so Ashton, what would it look like? Have you guys, I don I don't know how it's set up how you guys formalize the business, but do you buy 'em out? Do you dissolve the business, start your own thing? Like what, what are you thinking? Because he is obviously long, like long term it's not gonna work. It's not working. Yeah. He's not who you wanna be in business with. Long term's Assumption. Yeah. The, the assumption is that it's going to kind of work itself out because, you know, once he graduates he's, he's committed to, or verbally committed to coming and working full time for the business, you know, and making up for the fact that I kind of built it from the ground up single handedly.


But I don't know if that's gonna happen. And you know, I'm, I'm only 20. I turned 21 pretty soon. Yeah. We're doing about half a million in revenue each year. So, so here's, Here's the Thing for me to just throw this away. Like as a 21-year-old, you a you're dealing with like, I wish I had another word for it. 'cause it's got romantic connotations and that's not what I mean, but you're dealing with a breakup dude. You're dealing with a friend who's not treating you the way you treat him. And I wish this wasn't the case for the rest of your life, but people are gonna hurt you for the rest of your life. It's just kind of part of it. And you'll find a group that will ride with you to the end no matter what. But just hear from me and Rachel, what's happening to you is categorically unfair and he's revealing himself as a person who lacks integrity or maybe he's 20 and he's just incredibly immature.


But I would not trust him as far as I can see him because he's proven to you. He's not a person of character and integrity and he wants to take the money that you're, the, the money that you're earning and take it and say this is mine just because of some handshake we made. And it's just not accurate. And so I wouldn't throw the business away, but I would dissolve the partnership and I would say, I quit this and I'm gonna go open my own business down the street and I would do exactly what you're doing and make all $300,000 or half a million dollars a year on your own. That's what you're doing anyway, right? Pretty much. Yeah. I think, I guess you just gotta call this what, what it is.


What are you worried about? It's not as much as of a worry. I kind of just have like this hope for the future based on our, our plans and what I, what we've talked about that we're gonna be expanding into other industries and you know, we're, we're like, we're a really good team, you know, our skills and our attributes kind of compliment Each other. Yeah, you're breaking heart brother. You're not, this is like somebody talking to somebody who's like, I know she cheats on me, but like, we're really good together. This is so nice. She's so nice. Yeah. And she's pretty, and like her, her dad takes me hunting. Like I get that but you're married like that relationship's over s same here man. I hate this for you. I Mean, 'cause just think about Ashton.


A as the business continues to grow, the problems you're having are going to magnify. So if, if you are having issues now with you carrying the weight and he doesn't care about that at all, that's gonna magnify, right? He's Gonna get married and wanna take three months off and you'll just keep doing the job. I mean, and he'll wanna go to his kids' games and you'll keep doing the job and he'll wanna start another side business and you'll keep doing the Job. So either put in some stipulations for him to continue moving forward on what, what you want him to do, right? I mean, I think that's fair of like, okay, we need to work X amount of hours or profit wise, I take a percentage of the profits from the percentage of work that I do like, Or that I book, right?


Yeah. I mean whatever it looks like. But, you know, structure it where it's fair and, and then from there, if he can get on board, that's fine. But let me just, I I will tell you we work with small businesses all the time through on trail leadership and it's not always the case, but I'm saying 98% of the time we always say the ship that doesn't set, that never sets sail is a partnership. Mm. Like it's the one ship you just don't wanna be on as a partnership. Again, small percentage of ones they work that Ashton, you're gonna run into this and versus if you just do it on your own and maybe he's a manager under you or something, you know, works for you. But, but long term I I would not continue down this road 'cause there's been no proof of change at all from him, him initiating it, right?


Yeah. Yeah. I'd say that's, that's Accurate. And I feel like you're bitter too, Ashton. Yeah. I mean you're starting to, here's the other thing, don't resent him 'cause that's on you. That's because you didn't set up a boundary and hold to it. You just kept going along with it and going along with it and going along with it. And now you hate the guy. Every time you see his phone pop up, like his caller ID will pop up on your phone, you're mad. Like, don't do that to him. Just like, let him go. Let the person who lacks integrity go. And dude, he's a childhood friend. Y'all wanted a business. Y'all had big dreams together. And by the way, can we just say this, for a 20-year-old making half a million dollar top line, you are absolutely crushing it. You must be amazing at what you do.


Imagine if you had a team working behind you and beside you that had the same work ethic and drive you did, you'll be painting, you'll be painting the entire city, right? And Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's a whole nother, You just gotta grieve it, dude. I gotta grieve it, man. I mean hate it for you. And again, if there was some deal Ashton that said, yeah, I'm gonna go to school for three years, can you run this thing, take the profits of for what you make and I'm gonna get back in after I graduate or something. Right? I mean like there's there's common sense ways to approach it, but this doesn't feel like common sense at all the way he's gone about it. Yeah, I I mean, I, I guess in a, in a perfect world, and I know this is not what you're advising me to do, but just have to say it, in a perfect world, we would have a conversation where we do set boundaries, but I've, I've tried to do that before and he kind of just like talks around it and he gets really emotional and I feel like I can't have a real conversation and then we get done with the conversation and nothing changes.


That's right. And then, you know, after a week I'm back to being like, damn, you know, I'm, I'm still getting, still getting the short end of the stick. And In a a perfect world, another thing Dave RAMSEY would send me an email and just say, Hey, I just deposited $5 million into your checking account just 'cause I love you, you're handsome, that'd be awesome. And in another perfect, you get what I'm saying? Like we keep doing this all day long. Right. It's just unfortunately and you're finding it out, we don't live in a perfect world. We live in a messed up sideways, jacked up world. And I wanna commend you, dude, you've tried to have the hard conversation. You're doing great business. You had dreams for you and your buddy and he In reality. In reality. Yep. Yeah. Thanks for the call Ashton. Thanks to all the guys in the booth.


Thank you to our wonderful audience today at the Money and Marriage Weekend getaway. Thank you John for being a great co-host. This is The Ramsey Show.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life and to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.