
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today. Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author, host of the Rachel Cruz show and co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour on the RAMSEY Networks. And my daughter, she's my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Before we dive into the callers, I've gotta do a correction that I screwed up on. I do this every so often. I've been doing talk radio 15 hours a week for and podcast type stuff for Yeah. 34 years now. And so you can add up that number of hours and in that number of hours, I have done some stupid but stuff in my life, but it's, you can't take it back. It goes over the airwaves. It's gone. This was not on this show. My friend Sean Ryan has one of the top podcasts in the world and is here in our community and it was nice enough to have me as a guest on, and we did a long form interview there. I think it's like three hours and 43 minutes, which is more Dave than anybody should get, but you can get it if you want to go listen to Sean Ryan. And it was very popular. We've had, he's had, it's one of his top shows I was talking to him last night about, as a matter of fact, and it's one of the, it's, the numbers on it are absolutely astronomical. And then I get a letter that I had messed up something on the thing. Oh no. And 99% of the time when I get a letter like that, I just look at it and I go, eh, eh, throw it away. But this one I screwed up. Oh, I can't wait to hear. This is great. Yeah. So I got, I got fired when I was 22 years old. And I tell the story often and I very seldom, if ever tell the name of the company, but I told the name of the company, okay. That I got fired from Mr. Transmission and the re and I don't know why I got fired. The guy yelled at me and I've heard that story. Yeah. Threw, threw me outta the building and all this stuff. And so it's one of the ways that we decided at RAMSEY, no one's ever surprised if you get fired here, you'll at least know why. Yes. You know, because I still don't know why. And it was 40 years ago, you know, so I was 22 years, I was 42 years ago. I was 22 years old, so I probably deserved it. I just don't know why. And, but the guy did someone from the company, and I was telling the story about that and I said, well, I said it was a, it was called Mr. Transmission and they're outta business now. And there's, I think there's a couple of 'em left open, but the franchise is all closed down. Well, that was wrong. They did go bankrupt in 1990. 'cause I actually looked at buying it at one point and they went bankrupt in 1990 and another company bought them out of bankruptcy. Okay. And now they're a thriving franchise operation. Oh, Okay. Okay. And so they are still alive and kick in and They're, they're more than alive and kick. They're Doing great. But you said, but you said like, But I said, I said, they're out business and Gotcha. And so the lady that Barbara that is the president of the company that owns it, sent me a letter. Oh, sorry. Very nice. Yeah, very nice. But she quoted exactly what I said in there and she said, just wanna let you know we're alive and well, and we don't treat people like that now under our regime. And I'm like, dude, it was 42 years ago. Of course you don't. And so I called her and talked to her. Wow. And told her I would, told her I would come on the air Yeah. And tell everybody that I was wrong. How great that, that She's doing great. They're doing great. Company's great, Mr. Transmission's just doing great. And apparently they're great people. She's a very nice lady. Very nice. I appreciate that. There it is. I straightened up my mess that I made on Sean Ryan's show. 'cause I bankrupted a company that was still operating. No, they're doing still Don't know why you're fi you're fired from 44. Oh, that, that doesn't matter. Fortys just a funny story ago. No, I know, I know. But it's an, it's funny. And if I'd have just been smart enough to not even mention the company name Yeah, sure, sure ago. No, I hear you. Everybody be okay. But That's always a Feeling. But instead I instead I bankrupted a company that's doing really well. Yeah. So, you know, they're doing great. That's great. They check them and they're good people. I talked to her a long time. We, we had a great conversation. She's Swedish. She could be good and very, very kind considering I had stepped all over her stuff, you know? Yeah. So not everybody's kind when you do that, so it's good stuff. So open phones here. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. And phew. Man. That's something else. All Right. So I'm gonna do this. The money and relationships tour, Jo, Dr. John Delony and I have not gotten fired from that. It is going very Well. It might be bankrupt depending on what happens On stage. It's not bankrupt at all. It's actually booming. And the Kansas City sold out for Friday, may the ninth, a week from this Friday, we'll be in Kansas City a week from yesterday, will be in Phoenix on May the fifth Fort Worth on May the seventh. Few tickets left in Fort Worth, a handful in Phoenix, Kansas City's gone. Okay. So if you want tickets to come out next week, You bet one of those three cities you need to get 'em because they're, these, these are all gonna be packed. They're gonna be packed out. And Dr. John is on fire. This is his, he, when he's can just free flow and not have to follow a script, is his favorite thing in life. So, and he's really good at it. And so it's fun and funny and we're having a good time on stage, being up there together at the same time. It's a weird way we're doing it. It's not a normal talk. Yeah. So the audience votes on the subjects. Now, y'all done three cities already. Are the audience what they want similar city to city? Or has it been very different? It's remarkably similar. Okay. What are they wanting? What do they wanna Hear? We're not gonna tell because they, I don't wanna, I don't wanna skew the voting at the next city. Make Sure we get your tickets. The polls aren't closed. All Right. You can't tell who's winning it. Okay. Okay. But it's, yeah, they're picking out Similar topics. Yeah. And they're, they're to be, once you look, once you see 'em, you go, oh, I get that. Yeah. I get why they're, yeah. Okay. And so, yeah. And they're, but they're, you vote before we start and while you're sitting in the audience with a QR code and then we're backstage scrambling around looking at the votes, and then we make up the night, or, or Grayson actually helps the guy that runs the content. Yeah. He makes up the night and then brings us a sheet out. And then we, we talk about those topics. So fun. It's great. And so it's very off the cuff in that sense and, and a lot of fun. So if you want tickets, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're tuning in on the YouTube or podcast, you could click the link in the show notes. You don't have to be stuck, trapped in the same patterns of money or relationships. I will guarantee you this, if your spouse is, or, or your best friend is, thinks that the stuff we teach is boring, they can come out and they'll find out. It's a lot of fun. 'cause we laugh and laugh and laugh and laugh. And you guys do the same thing when you and John are up there doing the marriage and money retreat, right? Yes. Yeah. And little, little different content obviously. But you, you two on stage are hoot, you're both dead gun comedians, so lot a lot of fun. Yeah. So you can get in and get that done. So, alright, what are we gonna talk about for a minute? Love it. Well, I was gonna say, because I think, well I was talking to John about these events, but he was talking about how thematically, how similar things are and what the, the problems people have continue to be pretty consistent regardless of where you are in the country, regardless of family of origin. But these ideas that people, they want the ability to have great relationships. They want the ability to take control of their money, they wanna build wealth and they wanna be able to, yeah. I mean, I think build a life that, that they love. And so I think that's what's so great about all of this though, is being able to Hit, you see the co, you see the commonality of it, see The pain points that are really out there. And we see that theme on this show. Like we'll get calls four in a row of people that their spouses can't, they can't work together with their spouse or we'll get four calls in a row where it's like crazy student loan debt, right? Like we see themes even on this show. So I think it's just encouragement to people out there, like whatever that pain point is, we see a consistency in it. And that's why we do what we do. Whether it's on this show, whether it's going out to cities and doing events like this Money and relationship tour or other shows we have on the Ramsey Network. But that pain points you comes Out, the human condition is just the human condition. It's, yeah. And it doesn't make, you know, It is the condition we're in. Yeah. You're not weird in that way. Like there is something so normal what we're all craving. And I think you guys are seeing that with the content on this where you have an audience that votes, which I think is awesome. I think it's beautiful and that's why we're here. This is why we do what we do to help You guys. It's great. It's a great way to build a set list for sure.


This is The Ramsey Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright. You've heard me say it a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being. Well. And listen, therapy can help. I see a therapist and let's be honest, a lot of you should too. But let's be real. Taking that first step to see a therapist can feel overwhelming. Maybe it's the time, maybe you have some preconceived notions about therapy. Maybe it's the cost. But we spend money on gym memberships, organic groceries, essential oils, little league practices, tracker watches. But for some reason, when it comes to our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. And the good news, BetterHelp makes therapy more affordable and convenient than ever. It's online so you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. No more waiting rooms, no long commutes and no six month waiting list. You just get online and fill out a short survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time for no extra cost, your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Ginny is in Atlanta. Hi Ginny, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you for having me. My question is, my boyfriend doesn't want to work. And is that a dealbreaker? I am a 40-year-old surgeon. In my first job last year I made about $280,000. This year I'm expected to make close to $500,000 in the second year of my work. My boyfriend of one year is an actor and the entire time I've known him for about a year, he's had two days of work as an actor and he made less than 23,000 last year. So we didn't qualify for the actor's union health insurance, but we wanna continue our relationship move and keep moving forward and eventually get married and live together.


But he says that because the house will be under my name as the main wage Warner Earner, he doesn't feel like he should pay for any part of the mortgage. He also can't. And I'm wondering if that's this a dealbreaker or if I should just suck it up and pay for the expenses because I can. Hmm. What do you think, Ginny, is that, is that attractive to you? Like are you like, what a winner? This is not how I had imagined being in a relationship.


Well, you're smart, you're a surgeon, Jenny, you're really smart. You know, so I'm just, I it's just, it kinda, it is interesting because usually, not always, but to a degree, people's intellect, you're attracted to other people's intellect and you're a hard worker, obviously the schooling you had to go through was insane. And the amount of hours you have to put in and work and to have somebody that doesn't give, and again, I'm not mad that he doesn't have a job as an actor every week, but at least he's like, Hey, I'm still busting my butt and I'm part-time here. I'm waiting tables here and I'm trying to make this dream work. I'm not mad at the dream. But the fact that there's nothing in between that that's happening, right, is like, that's as a woman who works and all of it.


Like that's not attractive to me as a, for a man, a guy that has a level of initiative I find attractive. So I'm just curious if Yeah, if that's how you feel or if you're, if you're great with it and you might be great with it, You're asking the question, she's not great with it. She's asking the question. The reason you're asking the question is, you're not great with it. Again, this is now not how I had imagined being in a relationship with them. I would feel like me being the provider, because even though I can provide for myself, I thought our relationship or partnership would be, or partnership where I, I don't care if he makes as much money. Yeah. I care that he doesn't work Or that again, and we Live in, if he wants to dig ditches, I don't care.


As long as he is doing it all day, every day. I've asked him how he can get by without working. And he says he has some residuals coming in from prior work that he's done as an actor, but clearly it's not enough because he didn't need cut Off. Clearly he sits on his butt regardless of why or how he clearly, yeah. I Don is an unmotivated slug. Clearly he's 51. He's 51. And I'm not sure how much things are gonna change, Jenny. Do you, you, you don't have kids, do you? No. He doesn't have kids. If you had a daughter that asked you this question, what would you tell her? I would probably say, can you play a better guy?


Yeah, that's Exactly, and that's what you're, so here's what's happening. You already have made this decision. You just wanted someone else to say it out loud. And I'll tell you, if you go forward with this guy, you're gonna get increasingly resentful and increasingly bitter. This is not gonna get better. You're not suddenly gonna have peace with this. Yeah. And and you don't have peace with it now is why you asked the question. And as a reminder, it's not a value of what he's bringing monetarily necessarily. No. It's the effort, Jenny. So yeah. So if you guys have ki Yeah. If you get married, you guys have kids who he is with his work is the amount of energy he's gonna put into that. You know, I mean, ev your marriage, if your marriage starts to be in a hard spot, the amount of effort that he's putting into his life is what you're gonna see there.


So it's just an indicator of his level of pursuit in life in general starts to kind of show. So yeah. So, But he's cute, but the cutes already worn off. So basically it doesn't matter how much money I make and whether we can Nope. Support ourselves with my money. It's a matter of his, It's a matter of he has no work ethic. Yeah. Because which is a character issue. And let's say this, it's 2025, there's some stay at home dads. Right? The sometimes the woman is the breadwinner and, and roles have reversed. So even if that was the case and he is like, Hey, we're having to support kids and you, you have a demanding job. I'm able to do this and this and this and f you know what I mean? But there's like effort involved. It's, but there's none of that. This is just, I'm gonna sit on a log.


I know. And it's hard 'cause you like him, right? I mean, I'm sorry. Yeah. Yes. It's, the answer to your question is yes, we think it's this a dealbreaker and so do you and you just wanted someone else to say it out loud. Did I miss that? You're right. Thank you for being A mirror that I needed to see. Sorry. Oh, bless your heart. That's hard. It's hard. But yeah, it's 'cause you're, you're, you're emotions cloud when you're, you know, falling in love and so it just, you, you tend tend to put blinders on. But this, this got pushed far enough one too many times it came up and well, And the fact he wants to take no responsibility for anything.


Did you hear that? Yeah. Put the name, put the house in your name and you pay the mortgage 'cause you make the money. And I'm like, oh, golly man. You know, like all of it. It's just, yeah. Yeah, because I have residuals. I I have a residual PTSD just from thinking about it. All Right. All Right. All Right. Tim is in Toronto. Hi Tim. What's up? Hi there. I am 21. I had just finished college last week. Congratulations. What's your degree in? Thank you. I am a social service community worker. Okay. And I've been working while I was in school to try to put together a kind of out of The Nokbox business idea.


But I'm kind of working on a time limit with a vision disability. So I'm kind of wondering if I should go through financing and pay it off as quick as I can within five years or if there's other avenues I can take that kind of fit. A shorter timeline. Tell tell me what your vision, disability timeline issue is. So I have something called the retinal dystrophy, which continues to get worse over time. I have about 60% of my vision currently, but I have about less than 10 years before to the point where I won't be able to work anymore. Well you won't be able to work with site. Correct. Lots of, lots of people that don't have site work.


Correct. I would just need more help with the local organizations, which I do have connections to. But yeah, You'll have to get everything you'll build. You'll have to build a life to prepare for that. The last thing you need is debt while you're on this journey. So no, we're not gonna go that route and we're not gonna get desperate and get in such a hurry that you make the mistakes of desperation. Anytime I get desperate, I get stupid right around the same time. And you, you can really, really step in a bear trap right now. So man, what a, what a what a challenge that you're facing but also the, the clear definition you have of it allows you to just really think about how you're going to strategize for this.


So what is your business idea? So my local town doesn't have a youth drop-in center anymore. So youth don't have anywhere to get like food if they don't have it. So I'm kind of looking to build a drop-in center but also incorporate like animal assisted therapy 'cause animals are my passion as well. So kind of combining the two for youth to be able to build enclosures and learn about those types of things. And Are you thinking of a non-profit situation or a for-profit business doing this? I was thinking non-profit. The only reason being is my local town has a big pot for bursaries and grants compared to other towns. So I would be able to get monthly financing through them as well to help out with everything.


What do you have to do to qualify for the grant? I just have to have a nonprofit number and have the actual building and everything set up and that's kind of what I was gonna take the financing for. I currently have a building accessible to me it just is, it just needs repairs and everything to get to the point where it could be usable for a business. And what's it take to do the repairs? What's the cost? The cost for that will be for upgrades and renovations of $90,000. No, absolutely not. I would not do that. Don't Think itself is being sold to me for 40,000 when it was appraised for the same in 2014. Yeah, I, no, I would not put $90,000 into a brand new business I did.


That's unproven when I'm 21 years old. Absolutely. I would not do that. I would rent a building somewhere that's suffices to operate. Get your operation up and going. Don't get in the real estate business honey. You need to get in the business and you need to decide which of these you want to do. Dogs or kids don't try to do both. Let's focus. 'cause you're gonna survive in business if you do the real estate business. Dogs and kids.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend delete me. They help with that. Yeah, they do delete me actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammer to find so Much. But Delete Me will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed and it's beautiful. Get this so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY Personality is my co-host. Our question of today is brought to you by Why refi, why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and helps you get your life back. So kick private student loan debt to the curb@whyrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Vince in New Hampshire. I have retired for three years with $1 million in an IRA. My wife is planning to retire next year with $400,000 in her managed IRA at another $220,000 in a pension, which she plans to withdrawal to add to her IRA. Our only debt is a 15,000, is $15,000 on our car and a hundred thousand dollars mortgage. I know you say buying an RV is like throwing your money away, but we wanna purchase a used RV for around $20,000 and drive across the country for a couple of months to see sites that we missed when we were younger after being frugal for years to save, invest and pay down debt.


Can we afford to splurge a little bit now? Absolutely. Yeah. You ought to pay off your car and your mortgage food too immediately if you're over 59 and a half and you can pull enough of this million six out to pay off 115,000 and I got a better idea. But you can do this. I wouldn't personally be a millionaire and be driving a $20,000 rv. That sounds like hell to me. 'cause it's gonna break down. So why don't you just go rent one for two months? That's the best of the best and just get the, like the Bentley RV or whatever you call it. I don't even know what it is. Get like I passed one the interstate the other night. My wife says an Airstream.


No, it was, it was my wife. It was just a big old beautiful thing and my wife said 200,000. I said no, 450. Is it really? Are they really that expensive? Yeah, the super dogs are. And should I Google Fact check you right now? Yeah, You can. You can fact check me if you want. It's okay, I can handle it. If They're really four, they're $450,000. What you just Said rv, you can get the, you can get that model I promise you. And so it's almost like, anyway, yeah, so anyway, I would rent one for two months rather than put 20 K in something substandard and Go to, it's gonna make your dream not so fun. So you can do whatever you wanna do, but you can, you can buy the 20, but you gotta pay off your house, pay off your car while you're at it. That's simple.


Alright, fact checker, any help? Well, Majority are going for, I didn't ask 2, 2 70. And then it says AI overview, which I know you love AI so much. AI it says typical is anywhere from 40,000 to a million dollars. What Done? I don't Know. Yeah, Matt is in North Dakota. Hey Matt, what's up? I can't drop the mic. You have to drop the paper. Okay, Fair enough. Long time listener. And I appreciate you guys, all of you. My question in short is, is my mom responsible for my dad's credit card debt? Here's what's happened.


He's been moved to assisted living about nine months ago. Before that he'd rack up credit card debt of about $18,000. She's right now just paying off the interest on that monthly to get by. He does have some VA assistance that helps with his assisted living, but she's 75, she cannot afford to continue doing that. So I'm wondering, it's an American Express card. How aggressive are they? She let that go into default. She's not on, she's not on his, she didn't co-sign with him, but she did at one time. He got her a credit card, but she no longer has that as just kind of an accessory.


It's all in his name, it's his debt. Does he have any assets? Do they own a home? Yes, they do. He's not living in it. She is, Doesn't matter. They could sue him and take a lien against his home, which happens to be where she lives. Yes, That's a problem. They have no money. No, no. She works part-time jobs just three days a week to just bring in groceries and that sort of stuff. But other than that, their home is paid off. Yes. But other than that, no. It just goes to insurance, property taxes, that sort of stuff. Yeah. I'm sorry.


Do you have any money? Yeah, but not that kind of money. Okay. Do you have other siblings? Matt? One sister. Yes. What's the house worth? Their house. Oh, they had just moved into it before he started his fall. And it's worth probably 700,000. And it's paid for? Yes. Okay. All Right. Well, in order to save the house, we're gonna have to deal with amex. Okay. So they're not going to sue if they do Sue, they're, they're very aggressive in their collection tactics, but they're not real aggressive in actually forcing the sale of a house that they've taken a judgment lien against.


That would be like less than one quarter of 1% chance of that happening. Okay. Okay. They technically could. Where, where's the house? What state? What state It's in, it's in Montana. Okay. All Right. I don't know Montana law, but I suspect they could take a lien against the house and eventually execute on the lien and force the sale of the house in order to pay them. And they're gonna just drive her bananas in the six years it would take for them to get to that point. Okay. So I don't suggest doing that. It's gonna be a, it's gonna be a problem for you, problem for her.


And, and Sweet Lady's just gonna get harassed. Now, was he of diminished capacity when he used the card Starting to get that way? He, he racked up a lot of it on dental bills here in the last year or so. Just before he went to assisted living. Yeah. Without her knowing. Yeah, I know, but her knowing is not necessary. But if he wasn't, if he was like an early onset or something and you can get a doctor's letter that'll help you with the process here. Okay. So anyway, what I would do is this, I'll just stop paying it, let it go bad. Okay? Okay. And te and teach her to, don't have conversations with 'em.


Don't even talk to 'em. Okay. If they call or they send something, just ignore it because they're gonna drive. They're, if she picks up the phone every time they call, they're gonna drive her nuts. All Right? Yeah. And then after about six to nine months, you and your sister scrape together $5,000 and settle this. Okay? Y'all settle it and get it outta there. So your mama's house is not at risk while your dad's declining. You feel like Amex would settle on that, knowing Still, they'll settle pennies on the dollar once it's nine months old. Once It's nine months old because They don't think they're gonna get their money, then statistically they're not gonna get their money.


Right. Will they be the ones to call us? Will they turn it over to creditors? Usually they'll keep it sell. They'll keep it at least a year usually. Okay. And I'll tell you, they, they are absolute buttholes. Okay? They're horrible to deal with. If you work for Amex in the credit card collections department, you should be ashamed of yourself and go get a good job. They're a horrible company. Okay? Okay. So just get ready to deal with Satan, okay? I mean, seriously, this is what you're going in with. It's, it's horrible. All Right. So I, I, you know, I've dealt with 'em, I don't know, a 500 or a thousand times on behalf of clients and once on behalf of myself 35 years ago.


So, no, you do, you do not want to. But the trick is you just gotta play hardball and go, look, you're Not, because she doesn't have the money. That's the Thing. She doesn't have the money if you, you are not getting paid. Yeah. They don't have any assets. Yeah. And we're offering you a settlement on a bad debt. Hang up. We're offering you a settlement on a bad debt. She doesn't have any money. Do you want some money hang up? You're gonna have to do that like 10 times before you find someone with two brain cells down there to rub together, okay? Okay. And when you do finally get somebody on there, they're gonna go, oh, this guy's. 'cause they, they record every tran of one of the transactions on the file. So they see every time we start yelling at 'em, they hang up.


But get, then they'll know that. So the next time they pick up, go look, don't start, or you're gonna be another hangup. And If you get it, Matt, get it in writing, have them absolutely have them email you immediately a letter so you have actual evidence that they, Because they lie money, if they say they did something, they didn't do it. If it's not in writing, it didn't happen. Brother, Thank you so much for your advice. I will start saving. I appreciate you both. Hey, be good man. Sorry you're facing that. I know It's so sad for his mom. This is why we tell you to save 15% of your household income at baby step four before you get to baby step six and pay off your house. Because if you have a paid for house and no money, you can get in a pinch.


I have high standards. I don't cut corners, and I only recommend the best. That's why I partnered with SimpliSafe Home Security for over 10 years. They're the industry leader. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security System by US News and World Report for five years straight. They've also been ranked number one in customer service among home security providers by both Newsweek and USA today. And they're the innovators in the technology too. They're active guard. Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. And simply safe agents can see and speak to potential intruders to help stop trouble before it even makes it to your door. And the best part is protecting your loved ones with SimpliSafe won't break the bank. Monitoring starts at around a dollar a day. Your first month is free and they offer a 60 day money back guarantee. Plus right now you'll get 50% off a new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring. So head to SimpliSafe direct.com to save 50%. That's SimpliSafe direct.com. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Austin is in Detroit. Hi Austin, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, RAMSEY. Thank you guys for having me. I appreciate you both. I have a quick question for you here. I have a 1977 Corvette that I just purchased a couple weeks ago and feeling a little buyer's remorse about it. So my, my question is, based on my situation, if you think it would be best to sell the vehicle and put the money into my mortgage or to keep it and, and just enjoy the ride. And what'd you pay for it? 7,700. Okay.


All Right. Not exactly mint condition, huh? It it is, it was actually from my grandpa's friend. They, they put a lot of work into it and were, it's worth about 13,000, but they sold it to me for that price. They didn't want profit on it. Hmm. And so I, I got What Do you, what do you make a year? I make about 150,000. Okay. You got debt other than the house? No, sir. Just the house. Okay. How much do you have left on the house? 67,000. Okay.


Well, the rule on toys that I use when Sharon and I are talking about it is if I take that much money and I burn it in the middle of the floor, $7,700 in this case, and I just set fire to it, does my life change? If it changes my life, then I don't need to spend that on a toy. Okay. Yeah. And so I think this one's probably doesn't change your life if you lost $7,000. If you just, if the car went in the bottom of a lake with no insurance, your life does not change other than you'd shed some tears.


But in terms of financially, you'd be just fine. I probably would not have bought it until the house was paid off. Matter of fact, I know I would not have bought a, a toy until the house was paid off, but, but it's not an expensive toy. You didn't spend 77,000 on it. Okay. So you didn't, if you'd have done that, I would've said, yeah, you're out of bounds because that amount of money would change your life. Yeah. It's like half. Yeah. Almost the mor that's the mortgage. Yeah. That's left. So, yeah. And so, but you know, if you like the car and you can drive it with freedom and enjoy it, and then you use the, a little bit of a ouchie that you're feeling and you use that discomfort to lean into the house that much harder, I'd probably keep it.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That, that makes sense. Your, your voice has been in my head since I bought it. I'm telling you, I disrupted the seven baby steps. You did disrupt the seven baby steps. You did do that. Shame. But, but no, I mean, seriously. No, I honestly the No, that's not true. Because if you're All No. Think he was hearing, you Know, but I know, but in, i, I was thinking he did disrupt them. But if you're thinking about baby step 4, 5 6, which is where you are, you're living intentional. And this is where you would upgrade a car or buy a boat or buy a couch. And then he bought a $7,000 toy. Yeah. Yeah. So no, it's not, it's not really outta line. It's not really outta line, but it is a luxury.


It was a pretty heavy lu luxury item, you know? So It's okay. I I think you're okay. I think, I think it does good. Do you like the car, Austin? Like do you, You enjoy it? I, I do. It feels really good. My wife likes it. You know, we went for a ride the other day and it, it, yeah, it's a step up from what we drive right now, which is, you know, where there's compact SUVs. So it, it is freeing for us. Yeah. Yeah. I keep it, it's fun. I keep it You're Good. Yeah. But I think if it was a, if it was a larger number to where it would hurt you, then yeah, I'll probably sell it. But it it, the good news here is that when you, when I saw classic car pop up here, I was not thinking $7,000.


Yeah. You were thinking more. Yeah. I was thinking this call is gonna be, somebody spent a lot of money on something. But it is relative. That's the thing. It's like, I got a friend that bought a, a, a Lamborghini. I mean, he bought a, that gun, was it 400,000 bucks or something? And I'm like, huh, man, but he made 15 million last year, right? So, I mean, it's, he could burn that in the middle of the floor and it would make all of us cry. But he, he, his life wouldn't change. It's like when you see those stats of like what Bill Gates makes, well, he's brushing his teeth like every two minutes, you know what I mean? It's like $80,000 every two minutes or something. Just insane. Yeah. Where you're like, oh my God, this, It's a different, it's a different, it's a different ratio.


Yeah. And that's the, that's how you know you can actually afford something, is the ratio. That's what you're looking for. So I remember we did one the other night on something, tiger Woods at his top of his game when he was making the, most of the most, he bought a $70 million house. And this was many years ago, obviously. Yeah. He, he was back when he was really at the top of the top of the golf world. And all these people are coming out like, who needs a 70 million? Who's been, and and that year his income was 1.2 billion. Oh my gosh. With endorsements and everything, all that. And so him buying a $70,000 house is like someone that makes $250,000 buying a $15,000 car.


I mean, that's the ratio. Yeah. It's nothing. It's just nothing. And so ratio wise, and so, but it, it's just mind blowing because most of us have never even seen a $70 million house, much less buy one. But you've also never seen 1.2 billion in one year either. So it's a different way, I mean, it's a different thing. So you're looking at the ratios there on things. And that's, that's a good way. Make sure you've, you, you're always giving, you're always enjoying and you're always investing your money. McKenzie is in Nashville. Hey McKenzie, how are you? Hi Dave. I'm good. How are you? Better than we deserve. What's up? I just had a quick question. Well, maybe a quick question, but if we should sell our house, our in-laws have offered for us to move in.


So move in with them, save some money, pay off our consumer debt, then save some money to buy a new house closer to my husband's work. How far are you from your husband's work? He's, they're moving him to an hour away from our house. Okay. Where, where Murfreesboro. Okay. Alright. How much debt do you guys have? So we have about 60,000 in consumer debt. So that's gonna be, three of those are our auto loans. One is 20,000, one is 10, and then a motorcycle that's 16,000. And then we have 10,500 in credit card. How much can you get for all the cars?


We could, unfortunately the, the Jeep, the Jeep is the $20,000 one. I think we could probably get a little bit less than what it's worth. Okay. Maybe come out even. So 17, I think even on the 10. Yeah. How about for the motorcycle, Motorcycle bike, even the, the, The motorcycle potentially. I mean it's a, it's a 12 Harley Davidson road light, I think. Something like that. I think they're a little underwater on that. The one that I know we could sell in breakeven for sure is my, So, so McKenzie, You in-laws live Murfreesboro, They live in Rockville, so pretty close. Okay. No, I would sell your house and rent something near where your husband's working and I would sell your motorcycle and I would sell your car.


Okay. So, and I would get out of debt really, really fast. Okay. How much can you get for the house? I think we could get potentially 300 out of it In equity? No, no. We owe 2 58. So I think we would come out what we calculated with our realtors, maybe 23, 20 5,000 after closing cost and realtor. Okay. So you would be debt free and renting if you sold the motorcycle, sold the car and got 20,000. Yeah, I just, the, the question about the motorcycle is that I think we're underwater on it. So how do manage Not much manage? Not much. You can sell it. You just don't wanna tell him he needs to sell his motorcycle.


But he does. He's broke, broke. People don't buy 16,000 motorcycles. Right. I don't care how sweet it is. He's getting ready to move you in with his mother because he won't sell his motorcycle. Are you hearing this? Seriously? Buy motorcycle. Bye-bye. No, we're not moving into your mama. No, no. Nope, nope, nope. Y'all go, y'all go get a life and you're gonna sell the house because you need to move closer to his work anyway. Yeah. Not For the debt. That's A good point. We're not selling the house because of the debt. We're selling the house. 'cause you're gonna need to move closer to work. Right? Right.


It just, it would be a plus to Yeah. To take care of it. Yeah. No, I would not move in with your in-laws. Yes, I would sell the motorcycle, sell the car and sell the house. That's exactly what I'd do. You're not gonna do it though. Oh, you can do it Mackenzie, I believe I believe In you. She, she would do it, but I don't think she's gonna talk to him about it. I don't think she wants to bring it up. Oh, I bet She can't. I believe in you Mackenzie. Go girl. All Right. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me Too. I mean, terrify. You're gonna have a crisis here and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options and term take care of your dad. Gum, family, man. Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82


live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz, number one, bestselling author, RAMSEY Personality. My daughter is my cohost today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Angelica is with us in Mobile, Alabama. Hi Angelica. How are you? Hi, thank y'all so much for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I have a question. My husband and I have been living separately for almost a year now.


He is active duty and He He's what? Because of he's active duty. Oh Yeah, he is in the Navy. So we, due to his orders, we decided to move me back home to be with my family. Well he got injured shortly after moving us back here and we've been living separately and he got, I guess moved from those orders. So what we've really been struggling with is how to manage our budget separately, even though our money is together. I'm sorry, he got injured.


Yes. So is he being discharged? No, he's been on limited duty for a year. So he's been where he's at now, kind of basically waiting to see if it will heal or to see if he is inevitably going to get medically separated or retired. And what's the timeline on that, do you think? We're waiting to hear something by the end of May and if they send him back out, then he'll be gone for another nine months. If he doesn't then we will know in August. Oh is he if he's, he, if he's healed enough to go back out. Correct, yes. Okay.


And where is he right now? Is he, is he He's in Virginia. Okay. Do you guys have kids? Yeah, We do. We we do. He is a little over a year old. A little over a year and a half. So you're, you moved back close to family right? With all the correct logistics with kids, But he was gonna be gone all the time and now he's not. Now he's sitting there. Okay. Correct. And we're also managing the travel to and from and his leave is being depleted and, you know, he drives as much as he can 15, 16 hours each way. Yeah, I I think sometimes that, I think we're gonna put you guys into the EveryDollar premium budget app.


Okay. And both of you have access to it then and Okay. What I would, what I'll do is I'm gonna give you two accounts, not just one. Okay? Okay. Thank you. I want you to have one account that is the master budget, that is everything you all are doing for the whole household, including, and you're the primary on that one. And then I want him to have a little miniature budget for his day to day existence. Okay. And if you can do the, do the miniature budget without using a separate budgeting app, I would prefer you make it a line item in your main budget. That's What I was thinking. Have one main budget.


Okay. And then he has a couple of, like, he has a full other section within that budget, but you both, that's his expenses so that you both kind of see it. Yeah. A lot of military families use EveryDollar for that reason on deployment because even if he's in out of country, if he's got internet access, he can look and see exactly what you're doing with the money and you guys can communicate what we're do. You're managing your money together even though you're not in the same country and Right. 'cause the app allows you to do, to do it seamlessly as one couple e even though you're much more than across the room, you're across the world, but it's still the same function. You're both looking at it, you're both seeing everything the other one's doing.


It both fits in. We've, we've agreed that your spending money when you're on outta country is X and and that's a part of our overall budget. And he can see that you paid the light bill and he can see that you kept the food on the table at home. And, and I'll tell you this, it sounds like that he's maybe special ops. Is he He No, he's more cybersecurity. Okay. All Right. I I just, I could tell something was going on but I couldn't tell what it was. Okay. The, so what we found is working with the military for 30 years now that mission readiness is increased.


The guys and gals that are on the front lines and sometimes in danger are much more competent at their battle skills when they know everything at home is set that the table set at home. And so him having access to you running the budget, watching over your shoulder with EveryDollar helps him when he steps out there in the edge of the stuff to protect in this country. Okay. Right. It helps his mind be clear in other words. And to do the job he's being hired to do. And we appreciate his service and we appreciate your sacrifice as well, honey. So we'll give you two of them, but I'm gonna suggest you use one.


Okay. And that you put his part, his part as you can have two or three line items, you can make up custom line items In it and even if there's something with his paycheck going into a different account, if there's something there, you can connect multiple accounts to it. Yeah. So it's all going into one budget, which, which Is nice. Yeah. You just put it all in there and it all, it all really should go into one budget and into one account and then, because it's easier for y'all to manage. But once you're using this software, this, this, and if he's tech guy, he's gonna love this, this software. 'cause it's robust. I mean this app is incredible. It's, it's the world's best budgeting app by far. So you hang on and I'll have Christian pick up and we'll get you a couple of them. But I'm gonna tell you, probably you're gonna give away one to a friend, one of his other buddies that's deploying and got a wife Back on.


Yeah. I think the perfect situation is that you guys have one account, all the incomes go in there, you budget out of that account, you're gonna have different line items for his situation. But sometimes we do see with like yeah. Military stuff or other things like yeah, there's two different accounts. So if that's the case, you can hook both up. You can hook up multiple accounts to EveryDollar. But I think functioning out of the same budget Is the best thing. Yes. That's Gonna just to Be able to, it's gonna give him more peace. It's Peace, clarity and, and it's more, it's simple. It's, It's gonna give him more peace and it's gonna give you less strain because you don't feel like you're carrying all the decisions by yourself. You know, you're not got the whole thing on your shoulders. He's looking over your, he's watching it with you even though he's not sitting beside you to do that.


So again, thanks for Yeah, It is a, it's a pretty remarkable thing when we talk to active duty military families. How many of them like still continue to get outta debt? Like they're still like working a plan and, but they're like, you know, and it took completely different continent, some of them for a period of time. So it is, it's it's pretty remarkable. They, they make really good headway in some cases if they're in a battle zone, of course they're getting tax free income. So that's a whole different thing too. Yeah, that's so true that it's beautiful to be able to use all that and make progress, you know? Yes. That that's the thing. So it's good stuff. Alright. That's the EveryDollar account, Christian. We'll give them two of them and give her two different signup sheets there and two different, we'll get 'em going on that.


That thing is, we've been iterating that and working on it for several years, guys. And if you have not looked at the EveryDollar account lately, it's gonna tell you exactly what you need to do next to walk your way through the baby steps. And it's gonna, based on what you enter into the budget, it's gonna read your mail and tell you it's a little spooky in a Way. And the onboarding process too has gotten more robust. Oh man. So knowing your information Yeah. And where you are at, even in the baby steps, all of it, it starts to, it's building out more and more, which we love. Yeah. It's gonna show you exactly what to do next and exactly what to do next to walk you outta debt and Into Wealth. It's a pretty cool deal, y'all. You don't wanna miss this. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, when you're gazelle intense, you sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next. But when you've gotten rid of all, you can save money by switching your cell phone plan to Boost Mobile, it's just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data Forever. Boost is a major nationwide network that offers reliable 5G service. And here's my favorite part, transparent pricing. There's no hidden fees, no contracts, and there's a 30 day money back guarantee, which means no risk. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY to switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY.


All Right. I wanna shout out our teachers for a minute. You guys give so much to our kids every day and often those days that stretch into your nights and weekends, seriously, you deserve a break. And by that I mean a dream vacation. All you have to do is enter the RAMSEY teacher appreciation giveaway sponsored by RAMSEY Education. There's No purchase needed to win. And you'll get bonus entries if you refer your teacher friends. Just Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher


Trey is in mobile. Hey, Trey, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, Dave. Hey, Rachel. I appreciate your time. I'm just looking for some advice on how to invest money that I'll be receiving. Okay. What are you getting? So right now we're looking at about $200,000 from an inherited IRA. Unfortunately, I lost both my parents recently. Oh my goodness. And then What happened? Yeah, thank you. Well, my, my mom passed away from cancer and dad had a heart attack, so, Oh my gosh. Oh my. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. It's life though. So obviously they're hard work. You know, they, they left over this IRA and then the home that, you know, we grew up in and you know, obviously we're having to sell that now.


So it's about $200,000. And, and then the inherited IRA and then splitting it with my sister. We're gonna be about $200,000 each when we sell the house as well. So my big thing is, obviously the inherited IRA is gonna have to get pulled out over time. So just my idea is, you know, pull it out and actually put all that money every year and just max out a Roth is my first idea. Is that, is that the, is that like the best idea to pull that out, pay taxes, and then put it straight into a Roth? No, I, I, I would put it on wherever you are in the baby steps.


Okay. So we have no consumer debt. We have 26,000 on a vehicle and we rent. So I, the vehicle Owe 6,000 on a vehicle. Yes. And that'll be the first thing That is, that is consumer debt. Okay. Okay. And I mean, no credit cards, nothing Like that. So you owe 26,000 on a car. What do you owe on your home? We we're renting. Okay. And you're getting $400,000 total, right? It'll roughly, I think it'll be a little north, but taxes, fees, funds south, And then taxes on 200 minus taxes on the 200 inherited i a, Correct. Okay. All Right. Well you haven't, you have any money saved?


Yes. We have $15,000 set aside. That's like our three to six month kind of backup plan, our emergency fund. Okay. All Right. Well, our baby steps say baby, step two is you pay off everything but the house, then you build an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. So what I'm gonna do is just kind of freeze right now. And as soon as you get your hands on some money, first thing you do is pay off the car. Second thing you do is you raise that 15 up to 25. 'cause the fifteen's probably low. What's your household income? 80. 80,000? My wife's a stayat home mom of two? Yeah. You need 25 in there. Okay, let's get it on up a little bit.


It's three to six months. You're down on the three side, and then I'm gonna liquidate everything and buy a house for cash. Okay. You be able buy about a 300,000 house right? In the area we're in. That's mostly, well, I mean, that's definitely on the lower end of what's in the area, but Yes. I mean that's, that should be really, really close to it. No, it's about the medium, about the middle of your area. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. Just from what I've seen. But I mean, it's also Looking at, well, the median household, the median house price in America, including Los Angeles, including New York City is 400,000.


Some change. That's the median nationally in Mobile, Alabama, I promise you it's less than that. So median is gonna be around 300 K in your area. So you'll buy a house about the middle of the market. So take your time and shop. There's no rush. Go slowly. You probably got a little time left on your lease anyway, but I'm gonna set, I'm gonna set that money in a high yield savings account and go shopping and, you know, time it, time the purchase with the end of your lease and get you a bargain and pay cash. Now if you're making $80,000 and you have zero debt debt house in anything, and you take your old house payment and you max out all of your retirement, you're gonna be a millionaire in about 10 years, actually, you're gonna be a millionaire.


Not counting, counting the house, the house you about another million dollars in about 10 years. How Old are you guys? Trey? I'm 34. Yeah. So by the time you're 40, you're gonna be a, a millionaire plus. 'cause you have a $300,000 paid for house, it will go up to about 600 during that time. And you will bank in your retirement accounts probably about another six or 700. And so that's where you're gonna end up. You're gonna be approaching 2 million in, in your, in your forties. Okay. If you do all this and you stay out of debt and you stay on a budget, of course. Okay. And you don't mess this up. Absolutely. Yeah. And if you just follow the baby steps, that's it'll take you. Yeah. That's the Plan. Yeah.


Yeah. They, they set us up. I'm not gonna mess up. Yeah. It's great, Trey. Well that's exciting. I'm so sorry that it came from such a devastating situation, but it's always, when we talk about inheritances, always living out that legacy of those that left that. And I think that's a, a great thing for you guys. Yeah. One of the things I think about when I'm telling someone what to do with money that mom and dad left is when you do this, these steps that I just outlined for you, is your mom and dad in heaven smiling? Are they happy with this? I think they are. 'cause the kind of people that built this kind of money is the kind of people that would be happy with you being smart. Absolutely. Yeah. So you are, you are honoring their legacy in a very real sense.


Hang on, I'm gonna send you a copy of the book, the Baby Steps Millionaire book, because you're getting ready to be one. And you, you did get a boost from an inheritance, which statistically makes you unusual, but that's good. Still we can, there's no shame in that. We're gonna go there, we're gonna go there as fast as we possibly can. Nicole is in New York City. Hi Nicole. How are you? Hi Dave. I'm good. How are you doing Better than I deserve. How can we help? Good. So actually I'm proud of myself today. I paid off one of the cards. $8,000. Yay. Nice. Thanks. So I just wanted to know, what do I do? Do I call and cancel or just, you know, let it be Yeah, call 'em up and cancel.


And we always tell people when they're getting outta credit card debt, cut up the credit cards, pay it off, and then once there's no balance and you can officially close the account. So go in and Yep. There's no accidental spending or fraud happens on a closed account. Okay, perfect. That's, That's great. How much more debt do you have, Nicole? To pay off About another consumer? Hmm. Maybe 20 with a car and everything. Okay. Yeah. And then I have the house. Okay. So Baby, step one. Yeah. Little by Little. No. Yeah, you're on the baby. Step two. Yeah. Good for you. Well done. Good job Nicole. Congrats. That feels good. You, you kind of feel, you kind of feel like you can do it now, right?


Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Okay. How long have you been working on this? Well, actually I've been listening to you guys for years, but I just started maybe about three months ago. Good. Okay. All Right. Hey, $8,000 paid off in three months. Pretty good. That's pretty rowdy. Yeah. Excellent job. That's how it works. I Love it. Yeah. The return taxes, you know, that helped. Oh yeah. Yeah. Using your tax return for it. It's great. Yes, yes. Absolutely. And you've adjusted the W2 now so that you don't get tax returns anymore. 'cause that just means you had too much withholding. So, good job. Well done. Very well played. Very well played. Sarah is in Atlanta.


Hi Sarah, how are you? I'm good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Very good. I have a question. I am 57 years old and I was been divorced for 20 years and raised two kids. They're now adults. And I am what you call an everyday millionaire and debt free. Well, good for you. Good job. Thank you. In a couple years. I know. I'm gonna buy a new car. Okay. Used car, but new. Okay. And my goal is, I mean, I definitely am gonna pay cash and my boyfriend keeps telling me that that's not a good financial decision.


Your boyfriend doesn't have as much money as you have. Right. And he, and the reason he said, Why would we take financial advice from a broke person when you're a millionaire? I know he can, but well, mathematically he's saying if you take the money out of mutual Fund mathematically, he's stupid. No, you Need to tell him. Yeah, you can tell him I said that. I can to tell. Absolutely. It's asinine. There is no data on the planet that says people become millionaires by borrowing money on their car and investing the difference. None. Zero millionaires on the planet did that to become millionaires. So don't take financial advice from broke people. You're smarter than he is.


Listen to yourself, way smarter. There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's.


Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well, that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive-through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on, EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out, and what's left over for some fun, because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again. Go download EveryDollar Today.


It's Financial Literacy Month. If you didn't know, there's a huge movement in high schools and there has been across America for many years. Several states have now passed laws mandating that you take a personal finance class in order to graduate. And I think it's 30 something states now. And the good news is, is that we have a high school curriculum called Foundations in Personal Finance that is taught in about 48% of the high schools. Over 6 million students have been through it now. And so we love celebrating Financial Literacy Month and celebrating the idea that teens can learn this stuff before they're 30 and learn it the hard way by doing something stupid like I did. Okay. It's pretty cool. So we all, we wanna honor the teachers this month of not only our curriculum, but honor all teachers while we're celebrating financial literacy month. And I got one on the phone. Patrick is in Jackson, Tennessee and he teaches foundations in personal finance in his high school. Thank you for doing that, Patrick. How are you? You're welcome. I'm doing great, Dave. How Are you? Better than I deserve. Now it's Trinity Christian Academy where you teach, is that right? Yes sir. In Madison County? Yeah, Jackson, Tennessee. And how many, how many students are enrolled there From six weeks old to seniors? Around 700. Oh Wow. Graduating class, 50 to 60 every year. Okay, that's good size. That way they can, it's big enough that they've got a lot of stuff going on, but it's small enough they get a lot of attention. Right? That's correct. How long have you been teaching the curriculum, Patrick? This is my ninth year or 18th semester teaching the, the curriculum. I did the DVDs and then we trans transferred over to the the digital, which has been great. So You had students, you have a very unusual distinction too that around here we're, we're we're all just jumping up and down and going, Patrick's a hero because one of the high school students that graduated from your class many years ago is now an adult. Came in here and did their debt-free scream the other day on the air with George. I'd say that's a, what we call paychecks as teachers. You know, those stories you get from former students and even coaches for players. But those are, that was her true paycheck when she messaged me. She messaged me two years ago letting me know that she was going to be on the Dave RAMSEY journey and she couldn't wait to get on the show for her debt free scream. And then she messaged me that day saying, Hey, we made it. And then I got to listen. It was incredible. That's Fun. That's fun. Fa Faith in Cameron from Oak Ridge, Tennessee. If you guys wanna look it up, see the debt free scream. It's pretty cool. Very cool. And they paid off their house and everything and their kids, their little ones. I mean, and Had a zero credit score mortgage. Oh My gosh. Love it. It's all your fault, Patrick. It's Way to go, man. These people are gonna be millionaires because she had a high school teacher as a stud man. You're amazing. I'm so proud of you. Have You had a lot of those? Have you kept up with students? I mean, after you've been teaching that long? We do. I do. I text them from time to time. We have, I would say 20 to 25 students that started at gross stop Mutual fund since I've been here. Instead of spending the money, they just, they've been in Arthur story and now the Jake Blake and Blake, I forget the other guy. Yeah, Jack. Yeah. I've been in Arthur for Years. Blake and Jack. Blake and Jack, They changed the name Sonya. Yeah. And I keep up with them. I get stories from, from all over and it's, it's been great. I tell 'em, I teach an 18-year-old invisible kid every day. It sits at the front desk. And that's me 24 years ago that either wasn't taught or didn't listen to what I'm about to teach you in this class. And it's, and everybody, everyone is subjected to it. Well, I'm always thrilled that the kids love the class and I should, I don't, I shouldn't act so surprised. But because I was in high school, all I could think of was, you know, when I'm learning something right now, how's this ever gonna affect me as an adult? Because I've never really used the Pythagorean theorem, but I, but I have used this, I've used this stuff for sure. So how, how am I gonna use this? I think that one of the main things we hear back from the students, and I'm sure you do too, is just the fact that they're teaching 'em something they're gonna actually use and they message you back a few years later and go, I got a zero credit score mortgage and I just paid off the house. That's pretty cool. So is that what they tell you that, that they love doing, learning something that they're actually gonna use? It's just all applicable day one of being a young adult and, you know, taxes, insurance, budgets, investing, just stuff to do at 18 that's gonna save you that your next 30 years. Yeah. And, but it's all applicable to life asap. Well, thank you. Thank you, thank you. You're a hero, man. I appreciate you doing this. And it, it's ever since I wrote the first little book financial piece and I was carrying it around the trunk of my car, people have been saying, why don't they teach this in high schools? And the good news is we do. And the way we do is because of men like you, Patrick, and women like you. So thank you. The teachers out there in the marketplace are amazing and very, very cool. Thanks for doing this brother. Absolutely. Thank you very much. Yeah, thanks Patrick. Very, very cool.


Hey, for any of you that are teachers that are listening, or if you know a teacher, be sure to tell 'em, be sure to enter the RAMSEY teacher appreciation giveaway. We're gonna give one teacher a $5,000 vacation. And the two second place teachers are gonna get two more, are gonna get $3,000 vacation. No purchase necessary. You don't have to be teaching our curriculum. You just have to be a teacher in a school. Now, I once taught my dog to sit does not qualify you. You're not a teacher. Okay. So if you're teaching in a school with students, you are a teacher. Or if you know someone, no purchase necessary, no salesman will call, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher to enter a $5,000 vacation and two more teachers are gonna win a $3,000 vacation if your name is Drawn Spencer's in Denver.


Hey Spencer. What's up? Hey Dave and Rachel, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. I have a, just a, a real basic question for you that I need some help with. I'm wanting to find out if I'm investing too much to enjoy being debt debt free. Hmm. My wife and I we're completely debt free. We're maxing out both of our 4 0 1 Ks. We're both over 50. So we get the, the extra amount and we're also maxing out our IRAs. And What's your household income? The amount of Money? So I take home, well our household income is about a hundred thousand each. And then after investments in taxes, mine's about take home about 1500 every two weeks.


And my, my wife's is about, about the same, about 1700. What is it? What, what is it she's wanting to do that she says you're too aggressive and you don't have the money to do. 'cause you're putting all of it in savings. Well, it's not me, it's not her, it's me. Okay. I'm, I'm wanting to, I'm, I'm wanting to, to eventually save up for a sports car and I'm having a hard time getting enough money to do that with all of our money going to investments. Yeah. Plus just, you know, just having normal money just to do extra things without having to take it out of the, the money that we're getting from our local Market. Yeah. Well you guys are almost, if my math's right, you're, you're almost investing close to 30%. Is that right? If you're maxing out, How paid off Both 4 0 1 Ks.


Oh, your house is paid off. Yeah, mine's, mine's probably a little over 30%. My wife's is about 40%. But the percentage of your household income's gonna be in the 30% range of your total to total. Right. Right. So that, that's what she's saying. And so, yeah. Yeah. And how old are you guys? I'm 50. My wife's a few years older than me. How Much are in the accounts right now? So in my 401k I've got 750. My wife's 401k, she's got 400 plus she'll get a teacher pension with, you know, the school districts taking out money out of her paycheck for that.


And then our combined IRAs is about five 50, including about 80,000 for an emergency fund ira. Okay. You got a $3 million net worth and you can't save up the money to do it. Buy a sports car. Yeah, I'd crank it down a little. Okay. Okay. Alright. Any like, 'cause our, our investments are through our work. They're, they're Roths. So I really enjoy Oh, I enjoy, I love the numbers, but you just, you're telling me you pinched yourself to the point you can't enjoy the wealth you've built. Yeah. Which that's completely true. So, and I don't if that, that's what I heard you say. You know, if you can, if you can figure another way around it, if the money's going somewhere else, that's fine. But with that kind of net worth, you've done a great job.


Congratulations. Amazing. And if you wanna crank the savings down and the lifestyle up a little, there's no sin in that. Okay. Okay. And just one last question with Mother's Day coming up, she really wants me to get a pedicure with her. Would you suggest that I do that? Yes. Yes. Dave, questions for you? Yes. Hey, I think, I think you would enjoy it. It's actually very relaxing. Do that with her, Dave. Wouldn't, you know, what, 30, 36 years or 33 years on the air? And I've never been asked that question. I thought I'd been asked everything at least once. That one's a new one.


So good. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, George Campbell here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home. It's exciting, but there's a lot to think about and all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish, guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours, truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


You can hear and watch the entire show on the Ramsey Network app for free. Parts of the show are not in the podcast every day and are not on YouTube every day. You can pick 'em, pick 'em up only there or on Talk radio if your local talk radio station carries the entire program. So be sure and check that out. Today's Ramsey Network app question is from Gary. We buy $1 million worth of supplies every year for our business. We put it on a company credit card and pay it off immediately. So we don't pay any interest. What am I missing? I understand. If I don't pay the charges within the first 30 days, then I have to pay interest, but I'm paying it off immediately. Why is it wrong to take advantage of getting these points?


Because honey, you are chasing points instead of running your business. If you burn the calories running your business that you're doing, trying to beat the credit card company at their game. I mean, you're just at Chuck E. Cheese getting the tickets. That's all you're doing. And, and you know, you're spending a bazillion dollars to get tickets at Chuck E. Cheese to buy nothing. And you're burning up all of your creative energy that you should be using to run and grow your business screwing around with trying to beat Citibank at a game that they designed to beat your butt. You might actually be wor it might be winning mathematically a little bit, but you act like this is a zero sum game.


And it is not. It is not. So no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I buy, I don't know, let me think. Not mil, not a million dollars a year in supplies. We buy, eh, probably 50 million a year in supplies at RAMSEY. And we don't use a single credit card to do it. We just freaking buy it. We just pay, pay the bill and we go run RAMSEY instead of trying to run around chasing points. Chuck E. Cheese tickets. You ever, y'all man, I go down there with the grand babies. Well, it, I go down there with the grand babies and they just, and they run work, work, work, work the card and, and, and they put it on a card now, right?


Yep. It used to be they spit out the tickets all to get an item that is worth like a penny crap. I mean, it's really crappy little toys. They're not even good toys. Well, yeah, and I think it's, it's that point and it's always the risk. Like you put a million dollars on it and then what if one year a co you know, a pandemic hits and you can't pay it, then you got a, you know what I mean? Like, there's just, there's just, it's just not worth the risk. Like there's just peace of mind knowing that you have autonomy over your life, your money and your business. And it's just more peace that way too. So Yeah, let's see. If you get 1% on a million dollars, that's $10,000, right? Yeah. So you're working all that to make $10,000 worth of points.


By the way, 78% of the credit card miles are never redeemed. Consumer Reports says that. So it's just, it's a game that they designed. It's like going to Vegas. House wins, man, house wins. You don't come out of Vegas with your shirt. They didn't build those dad gum. They didn't, they didn't build those lobbies with world-class artwork and light fixtures and they didn't build that with their money. They built it with your money. People who lost money thought they could beat the game and that this is the exact same deal. It's the exact same deal. Those towers in the skyline that Citibank builds. You paid for 'em. America.


They didn't pay for 'em. You paid for 'em by doing crap like this right here and falling for it. Yep. They know what they're doing. That's the deal. That's the deal. All Right. Open phones at Triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Nick is in Springfield. Hi Nick, how are you? Hello. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? My wife and I, we are in very good shape financially less than a year ago, we inherited some money that tripled our net worth. What is your net worth Total right now? 2.5. Good. Awesome. How much did you inherit?


1.5. 1.5. Okay. So you were already a millionaire. Good way to go, man. That's awesome. How can we help today? Do, do we help our kids out now or do we just keep building wealth and then die in 20 years and give it to them? Just a straight shooter, Nick? Any either one is fine. There's nothing immoral about either one. If you're going to do stuff for the kids, it should be enhancing them being as smart as you are. If they're misbehaving and you give them money, you're not helping them. You're enabling. I I would agree. We committed to the boys to be debt free from college.


They are. And upon graduation, we give them each car, which we did. Good. Now, what I say about cars, I'm 60 and I've never bought a new car. They've all been used and they've all been salvage titles, so they're cheap. So I'm Cheap. Wow. What are you, what, what are, are they, are the boys doing well with their money? Are they saving money living on a budget, staying outta debt? They, they are the oldest. I, we haven't given them the oldest one money in four years. Now granted, when he graduated college of college, he did move back home, but he, he has a, a four a Roth IRA and he's contributing to it every month. Is he married? No, neither of 'em are. Okay. Are either one of 'em married?


No. Okay. The youngest one's just graduating from college and we haven't given him any money in the last year either. Well, What what I want to do is I wanna enhance positive behaviors with your gift. If your gift is not doing that, then I would hold the gift for a while. Okay. But let me give you an example. Let me give you an example. Let's say these two guys continue to be industrious. They both go get good jobs they live on, unless they make, they pile up some money, they get married, start a little family, and they're 28 years old. Maybe you buy 'em a house and pay cash for it. We've already talked about that. And then they pay payments into a mutual fund instead of paying payments so that they're multimillionaires by the time they're 35.


Yeah. Nick, there's a interesting book, die With Zero. It was a great book and it applies kind of to your situation. Not everyone's able to do this, but it, but his, his idea was, which, you know, research shows is what he was claiming in the book is that from, I think it's like ages. I'm gonna mess up the age range. It's like 24 to 35 is when kids need money the most. Meaning like down payments on house, if they're paying off student loans, all of that. Because to your point, Nick, you know, if you build up all this wealth and you die at 85 and your kids are 60, like they're already well established, they already may have grandkids of their own. Right? So what can you do with money as a tool to help enhance the next generation if you have the ability to, and it's stuff like that.


I you Already that, I mean, you already did some good moves. You paid the paid for the college. Yes. The road debt coming out paid for the first car coming out. Yep. And you got a good start that way. And then if they buy a, if they pay cash for the first home along, I would say have 'em do a pledge. I promise never to borrow money. And I promise, take the, the blessing of this house and take the house payment and put it into mutual funds and build some wealth for the next generation. They can do it for their kids. Yeah. Can change your family tree with that. But they have to also be in on the program. You can't give them enough money for them to be stupid. It doesn't work. I mean, you know, they're stupid will always outrun money. Would you rather at your age, see your kids, which is me, some kind.


Yeah, that's a We have a conflict of interest in this question. Know. I know, I know. But I'm just saying like, because I have little ones. So now I mean I'm, we're teaching boundaries and know all the time with stuff, but like, you know what I mean? Like, would, would you rather see people have their kids be part of their financial legacy while everyone's still alive? Yes. Versus like having a bunch of money when you die and do you Know what I mean? Like, because you're accelerating the net worth of the total family by doing that. Yeah. And you're en but it only works if you're enhancing po proper behaviors. Right. If they have the charact Choice Sure. If you're en enforce, if you're enforcing proper behaviors. Yeah. But if they're like, oh, I think Dave Ramsey's an idiot and you know No, I mean, the idiot will just keep his money.


Yeah. You know, so no, that I can do that. So are You saying if we say that that's Abras, who's an idiot, then we Just kidding. I'll just keep my money. Yeah, that's okay. I'm kidding. I'm Kidding. But not the No, I mean the but, and so Sharon and I right now and not, well, we do stuff like we'll buy a trip for the whole stinking bunch. Yes. So we all go somewhere. Yes. You know, so in a sense we're doing that enhancing Experiences. Yeah. We're we're having experiences and lifestyle issues Yeah. With cash while we're alive. Yeah. I'd rather go on the trip with you and pay for it. Yes. And all of us do something together than I would you do that and celebrate after my funeral. Dave's gone, we're going to the Caribbean. Ha Ha Tahiti.


Yeah. But I think that's true. And I know not everyone realistically can have that conversation. We've had people, you know, on the show today that they're in retirement and they don't have enough money for themselves. Right. So, right. No, that's first. So, So it's the idea of that legacy changing while your life, I don't know. I think it's, I think it's cool. It's Great. Cool question, Nick. Yeah. Appreciate you calling in with it gives us a soap box to work with. I like it. This is The Ramsey Show Call every customer.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network. It's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. Go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay. I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.