
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz number one, bestselling author, co-host of the Smart Money. Happy Hour on the Ramsey Networks. And my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Daniel is in Reno, Nevada. Hi Daniel. how are you Doing? All right, babe.


Cool. How can we help? Yeah, I've got some questions. so, I, I know a little bit about your story and about how you were pushed kind of to the point of bankruptcy and I. I, my question is, is it ever financially wise and, and spiritually wise as a Christian to, to file bankruptcy? And, we, my wife and I are $35,000 in debt, 18 of which is a car payment. We've got two kids. We're living on single income, my income of 80,000 a year. And we've been trying to get outta debt since today. We got married three years ago.


Okay. I don't hear anything in that math. Nothing in that math says bankrupt. You have $35,000 in debt, you make $80,000 a year. Nothing in that math says bankrupt. Yeah. And, and 18 of it being an, you know, an asset that you can sell With The car, our car was valued at $8,000. By who? So it would be negative $10 equity by a local Toyota dealership. Yeah. That would be a wholesale, be a dealership trying to buy it at a price that they can resell it and make money on it. So you would not, you would not wholesale a car you're trying to get rid of.


So that car is probably worth 14 or 15 and you owe 18. Okay. And so you're four or five, six in the hole, something like that. You're not 10 in the hole. Okay. So let's go back to your question. O obviously it is not a salvation issue. You said spiritually Jesus loves us in spite of all the stupid but ridiculous things we human beings do. Right. And bankruptcies on the list of things that I have done that I'm not necessarily proud of, it's not something I'd line anybody up to do. And you know, so it's, it's in the 10 you ever heard that list of 10 things that puts people in the hospital like If, you have four of these 10 things in a 12 month period of time, you're probably gonna end up hospitalized.


It's like divorce, bankruptcy, death of a close loved one, these kinds of things. These trauma inducing major negative life event things. It's on that list. So it's not something we wanna sign up for. It's so, yes. All all of that to say, I I never condemn someone who files or ha has filed. Obviously I'm on that list, but I also don't encourage it. And, and nor will I personally tell you to do it. I will tell you not to do it. Not, not because of spiritual or moral ethics or something, but simply you're just mathematically not bankrupt. You can work your way through this and we'll help you. Okay. So should we, you know, what, what would be our next step?


I mean, we, How much is your house payment? We Try getting outta debt. Our, we, we rent an apartment, a single bedroom, and it's 1125. Okay. That'll be changing in about three months. We're planning on, How long have you been since you've eaten now? With my parents. When did you eat out last? We eat out last, last Friday. Okay. And so you eat out three times a week? About, about once a week. We go out every Friday, Yeah, about three times a week. Okay. And the, when did you go on vacation? Last Two years ago. Okay. And, and you're working 40 hours. Working 40 hours a Week.


Okay. And you said you got three kids or how many? Two kids. Two. And, and they're babies, right? Two and Three months. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Little babies. So mommy's got her hands full. Alright, so here's what I would tell you. I mean, what we would tell you is long before you're bankrupt, you never see the inside of a restaurant again, unless you're working there as your side gig. And certainly we're not planning any vacations, And, we're picking up extra jobs and we're selling so much stuff. The kids think they're next, including this car. Yes Sir. Okay. I mean, you're gonna get in gear and go to scorched earth and be on a detailed budget. What do you do for a living?


Heating and air manager. Okay. Alright. So you know how to run a project. Yes, sir. This is your new project. Yeah. And Daniel, I think, honestly for you guys in your state, 'cause you're not a lavish people. I mean, you're not, You're not outta control. You're not spending like nutty Stuff. But, but this is where, this is the nickel and dime, you know, metaphor comes so true with so many people as I'm like, you know, asking your wife, and again, not in like a point blank, but like, okay, what does the last target run look like? Okay. When you're, you know, when you're exhausted, is it, okay, we're just gonna go to a play place real quick. And you know, you spend th like life when you make these little decisions, 35, $40 here or there, it just starts to add up. And the lifestyle creep that is so small, and again, it's not extravagant for you guys, but you turn that notch like three, $400 a month easily can just kind of be floating and not realizing it.


Because when you guys get on a budget, Daniel, I guarantee you, 'cause it's not true for everyone. A budget works for everyone. But for some people it is a revolutionizing moment where they say, Oh, my gosh, that really is when you go back, Daniel, you and your wife to your bank account last month, the month before, the month before and average out some of these lifestyle categories. I think you're gonna see where some of that, where that money goes. And again, you're on 80 grand before taxes. so I mean it's not like, you know, you know, you're, You're an average household income. Very much so. Yep. And so I think it is tightening those knobs even more. And then you guys saying debt is not gonna be an option. So the credit card goes not even making an option, selling the car, freeing up, which is probably, you know, a $500 car payment, four to $500 at 18,000.


So it's, it's these, these little, these little tweaks in this family is gonna make a big impact because four or $500 a month changes changes the game in this, The hopelessness that you're conveying, a feeling stuck, the only way to break that clog, the clogged up pipe loose is an explosion. And so we're asking you to take a major explosion in your behaviors for a short period of time to get this thing broken loose and get it flowing because you feel like there's no way you can do this. And when I hear 80,000 with two babies in a one bedroom apartment, I hear a guy who can do it.


Okay, that's doable. And you've made absolutely no progress. And it's given you, it's taken your hope from you. Proverb says, hope deferred makes the heart sick, but when desire comes, it is the tree of life. And so what we're trying to show you is, is that you will feel like you got a raise when these two of you sit down and do a detailed budget. And when you sign up for the trip. And the trip is, we're going to have to sacrifice deeply for a short period of time to get this unclogged, Which also means Daniel, I, if I were you guys, and again, and I'm saying this with your wife and mines as a mom with three little ones and I, I know this, this feeling. But I would pick 2, 3, 3 nights, two or three nights that you're gonna work extra.


Oh, definitely, definitely. And, and bringing in that extra income. And so again, it's this whole shift of a change. If you keep doing what you've been doing, you're gonna keep getting what you've been getting. And I'm afraid that's what's been happening the last three years, feeling the pain, but not making these big shifts like we're talking about. so I would encourage you to do it and hang on the line. Daniel Christian will pick up and I wanna give you guys EveryDollar premium. So you guys together can be sitting down having a budget that helps you. It's the great thing about EveryDollar, it's on your phone. You and your wife can have the same account. Be communicating about it and start making those changes. 'cause you'll, you'll feel that margin. And We'll add financial peace University to that as well. So you guys go through that and start using that EveryDollar. You'll see that. You'll see it move, dude, it does work. You can do it. You're not bankrupt.


You just lost your hope 'cause you got stuck.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall, Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Wow. Crazy. So we're just looking at Instagram, the vi, our president Trump, we were able to do an interview with him last week that dropped today on our YouTube channel and on our podcast, if you haven't watched it, pick it up and give it a look. It's very interesting. It's a different version of him than you get in the, in the stump speech or in the media. It's just me and him sitting and talking and something about my country. Fried self calms, people like that down sometimes. So it's, it was interesting. It was a, it was a, it was a fun interview, fun thing to get to do Last week we also had reached out, have reached out to Vice President Harris's camp for the same opportunity and apparently we're in quotes under review.


So, we'll, I mean, who knows what that means. don don't know what that means in that world. I'm just like a guy on the radio. I mean it's, I don't know what I'm doing. So Podcast And YouTube. Podcast and YouTube. I'm, I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm compared. Yeah, we were number one before yesterday. We were number one in the world. The Apple Podcast ranked number one before the Trump stuff came out. Yeah, I mean we've been, we usually bump around the top 10, but usually it's Rogan or one of the murder things or NPR or whatever. That's number one. And. we bump love the murders. And, we usually bump around down there about five and six. Well, Rachel keeps looking at the murder things and running the ratings up. So, but the, we're Still number one today, by The way. We're number one today. Alright, there we go.


Cool. Alright. So thank you guys. That means a whole bunch of your Yeah. And can I say this? Yeah. Just to interject the number one, it's not a pat on the backs of like, oh, we're so great. It is that when you search, like I do podcasts and be like, what's the new murder podcast? You see a podcast maybe you had never heard before and you're like, oh, that's interesting. What's this number one? The Ramsey Show. What is that? And you get people that start to click on it and start to learn Oh, my gosh, the way I've been handling my money is stressing me out. And here's a different way. So like, that's why we want these high ratings is Because no, we don't want 'em for us. I Mean I know, but it made it sound like we're number one in the world. Look at us. Okay. But It we're amazing. Yeah. I'm sorry I, I wasn't bragging but it, I just, I know it's just amazing. Instead it, it's mind blowing to me.


I was in Trump Tower interviewing Donald Trump. That's mind blowing to me. Actually. My little brain. I'm from Antioch freaking Tennessee. Okay. So Just telling the people when they share it helps us. Yeah, because it Spread Lot because it spreads the word of handling your money. Well yeah. So if you wanna watch the interview, it's on our YouTube channel and it's on the podcast. It's on The Ramsey, Network and I just got an email a minute ago that the Trump social media team did a collab, is that what you call it? With our Instagram guys. So that means they posted it on his And. we posted his on us and back and forth. He's got, I've got like five and a half million and he's probably got 500 million or whatever. don don't know, but, so yeah. Kind of weird, but okay. Strange day.


Strange day. But if you want to, if you want to see it, we would love to have you watch it. A whole bunch of folk have watched it since it landed this morning. So Thank you thank you Thank you for that. And it's good to have knowledge about where people stand on ideas. That's a good thing. It's why I would like to actually sit down with vice president. I Know, that's what I was gonna say. and I and I do think it would be important, you know, And, we have, I would, I would, I would enjoy it. Or anybody. Right? Like I'm like, there is something to learn. Yeah. I always feel like even though you probably naturally fall on one side or the other, but, but understanding, okay. Most People have already decided If the country is literally 50 50, I mean, it is. So it's like, okay. And, and this show, we are not a, it's not a politically driven show.


Anybody, regardless of who you vote for, we believe needs to be outta debt free up your income so you can wealth Help. We care. We don't care what What religion is. Deal is nothing. No, no, no, no. So We don't rule anybody out. We, We love people because of, because of an election year. It's naturally gonna be talking a Conversation. It's important to talk about ideas. Yep. Yeah. Instead of yelling At each other. and I do think, you know, the, the vice president debate was on too. So I'm like, man, maybe we get Tim on, I don't know, like, like, you know. Yeah. This idea. No, I don't want, I'm not, I'm not doing the vice president. so I don don't wanna get in the political business. It's not what I wanna do. I'm Sorry, you just had an interview with a I Local president. With the president. Not the vice president, just the president.


So, yeah. Anyway. We'll, we'll we appreciate y'all. I will, we'll help all of you. If you wanna be pissed off and go away 'cause I did it then just be pissed off. That's part of your life. That's, that's your problem, not mine. So anyway, Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Jill is with us in Pittsburgh. Hi Jill, how are you? I'm fine. how are you Better than I deserve? How can I help? My husband and I are completely debt free. We built a house about 11 years ago. We had a little bit of a windfall, paid off all of our debt, built a new house, paid that off, completely purchased a rental property, which we rent And.


we have fairly new cars, they're completely paid, co paid and I have a little bit of money in the bank. And I'm trying to figure out what is the best choice for that money. The only debt you have is the rental? No, it's a completely paid for like we are debt free. Completely. You don't have, you don't have any debt anywhere? No, nothing. How much is the money you have saved Jill? Probably about 300,000. Not counting like six months worth of Well done Jill. If we had to carry utilities, if we had to carry, you know, yeah. The rental on, we'll, six months out and that's your emergency fund, but not counting that. You got a couple of hundred grand way to go.


Wow. That's great. You're, you're killing It. How old are you? I'm 52. Okay. What, what's your household income? How much are you, are you working? Are you married? We, yeah, we're married. We have one child still at home, one in college though. And my life has always been about my kids that that is my purpose. I went to college and all that kind of stuff and I do have a job, but Yeah, that's fine. I wanna Be able to, What do you wanna do with his money? Yeah, That's what I'm asking. I I'm asking you lost my dad. I lost my dad a while back and he was my guy. Very practical.


So do we invest in something we know as in like another rental and pay it off in full? Or do we just put it into like a mutual fund or something like that? But I am so conservative, like, because we were lucky, blessed, worked hard, put ourselves in the right position. But I'm really not a risk taker. I kind of depend on me and my husband more than I do anything else. so I kind of like that control that our fate is in our hands, but I just don't, I guess I just wanted your opinion on do we do a rental?


I invest in two things. I invest in real estate that I pay cash for that creates an income and I put money in mutual funds. Those are the two things I do. And I'm not a risk taker. I've been broke. I don't like it. Well what would you suggest doing another rental? I invest in two things, mutual funds and paid for real estate. I'm comfortable with both. I'm listening to you and you love real estate because it gives you a sense of control that you don't feel like you have in a mutual fund. Yeah. Right? Yeah, probably. Probably. Like I Said, so buy a $250,000 rental And you think that's okay.


Even if that puts like our nest egg, our easy access nest egg. You don't need more than three to six months of expenses in liquidity sitting Around. Yeah. And Jill, how much are you guys making a year? Did you an did you? About 90. Okay. Okay. You have, y'all have done a great Job. Yeah. And, and is there anything you guys wanna do? I mean with the 300 you could put it in another rental, but you guys have, I mean, do you have any money saved for retirement? Is there any other savings or is this all in real estate? We do Have probably, I have like a hundred thousand in a Roth, another a hundred thousand in traditional, and then my husband has about 300,000 in 401k.


Good. That's Great. Listen, you're, you're millionaires and you're gonna be multi multimillionaires when this story is over no matter what you do with this 300 k. So, but I don't want it just sitting there in a high yield savings account. I don't think that's wise. I think you need to put it in something and put it to work. Some of it, some of it needs to be your emergency fund. If you wanna set, decide 50 to a hundred K and call that your emergency fund, fine. But you don't need more than that and go buy you go buy you 2, 2 50 rental house and pay cash for it. Yeah. And enjoy some of it too, Jill. So you know what I mean? I I'm, I'm, I'm listening to you and there is a part of me that I'm, you know, don don't know if there's like a dream trip you guys wanna take you, you guys are, you're doing great and you're making good money.


You have a lot saved a lot in, in, in all this real estate. You have no debt. so I don't know. Yeah, I mean enjoy gi we always say give, save and spend all three buckets and take some of this and do a little bit of all three. Yeah. Give safe spend. It's all you can do with money. One of those three And we recommend doing all three all the time. This is The, Ramsey, Show


These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex open a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


thank you for joining us America Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality number one, one bestselling author. My daughter is my co-host today, Kaitlyn's in Washington DC Hi Kaitlyn, how are you? Hi Dave. Hi Rachel. how are you guys doing? Better than we deserve. What's up in your world? So my husband is active duty Air Force. He's been in 17 years and we're in the last hall here before he retires And. we were a bit late to the game with investing and all of that. And he has about 50,000 in his 4 0 1 or his Roth And. we are in baby step three now. We paused that and got through our, our baby steps and we're gonna be done with baby step three in February.


Go ahead. My question is, how old are you? Thank you the que? I'm 37. He's 44. Thanks for your service by the way. Okay. And your questions. What? Oh, Thank you. The question is, should we stay in order? We're trying, we're we're trying to come up with can we hit a hundred K in his Roth before he retires? Hit that magic number. Why? And in order to do that, Where's that come from? You know, I, I'm not sure if I heard it off of your guys' show or a co just a financial conversations is that you can get a hundred thousand dollars into your, into an a retirement fund. 'cause it'll just have to run, you know, won't be able to give any more into it that that'll set is up best for it to grow the fastest for the next, you know, 20 years or or so before retirement.


Is that, Do you, do you work outside the home? I, not anymore. I'm, we have two kids. I am right now I'm a stay at home mom with a 2-year-old and a Six. Okay. So when he retires with his 20 year chip, he's gonna get the 20 year wonderful military retirement and he will have some 50 to a hundred k somewhere in there. And a TSP Roth, the thrift savings plan that the military offers, he can roll that to an individual Roth to be managed by you guys with your smart investor pro at that time. But that's not the end of the story. He's not gonna be but 30 something years old. I mean, so what's he gonna do? What's the next chapter of his life gonna be?


Well, he'll, he's 44 right now, so he'll be 47 when he, when he leaves. But Yeah, so he is just the next, he's just a pup. He's just a child. so what else is he gonna do after that? He we're gonna use a GI bill. He wants to go back to school to be a physical therapist. Okay. So he's gonna go, he's gonna go be a PT and I'm gonna pay for it as a taxpayer and I'm honored to get to do that. It's one of the few things my tax dollars go to that make me proud. So thank you again. And yeah, go be the world's best PT and make a hundred a year and load your 401k doing that. And by the way, as long as you have an earned income while he is in school, if he goes and does something and that's not military retirement, you have to have an earned income.


You can do two Roth IRAs every year. Yours and his individual Roths. So you're saying we should roll his, his military Roth over into an individual? I didn't even think about that. Yeah. And then that, that helps you to manage it better. 'cause it the, the TSP has decent plans. The C plan is okay. The S and the I are sorta of. Okay. And that's what we tell people to put in most of it in the C 'cause it's basically an s and p index is what it is. So it's gonna do pretty well. But you can do better with a smart investor pro picking mutual funds that are outperform that once he's out. Okay. You can't do it till he is out. Okay. But then you guys just continue to do individual roths and in his next chapter, you're gonna continue to save, you're gonna be fine if you don't make it to a hundred k is my point.


You haven't missed the boat on being millionaires. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's my big thing is the money that we would have to put in in order to hit the hundred K would literally keep us gazelle intense. No. For the next four years. No, when you get to baby step four, you need to be intentional, not intense. Intentional can include a level of intensity but it doesn't mean we don't go on vacation. We don't go out to eat And, we don't have a new couch with a spring sticking through And. we don't save for the second car that we desperately need. There we go. Yeah. See you need to, you need to start having a life that a hundred K is not that magical. Yeah. And it's interesting Caitlyn, and actually Dave, I would be interested in your thoughts on this 'cause there is a lot in the, in the social media realm with, with people giving financial advice or even podcast, YouTube, all that where they're like, oh, hit millionaire status by this age.


Oh hit a hundred K in your, in your Roth. I mean there's these actual, Oh is that right? So it's a TikTok thing. Well Not necessarily, but I, that is a piece of, that's a way people talk about being intentional is have a number out there, a dollar amount. And what's interesting, Caitlyn, or at least for me, that's why I wanna get your thoughts on this Dave, but you know, there, there's a point where that number can become almost this idle thinking, if we just hit this my life, everything's gonna be okay. And if we Don't hit it, we're not gonna make it. Yeah. And it, and it's, and it's a little bit arbitrary. That's why I love the phrase financial piece, right? Like we, we talk about financial piece 'cause peace can mean all different things, all different numbers for different people, right? What your husband, just because you hit a million dollars doesn't mean you necessarily have peace if, if depending on who you are as a person.


Right. And if anything you're like scratching to get more, oh don don't feel fulfilled now. So now all that finish line moves and moves and moves. So there's something more holistic that's good that I want you guys to talk about as a family and not just a number. 'cause those numbers, they feel empty to me. Like I get like be goal oriented and like shoot for a goal, but have a goal that has like you guys in it, like the character and who you are, what you want for your family. I think there's something there that's more fulfilling and again, peace maybe to make sure that we can retire and enjoy life. But there's just something and people do that a lot and don don't know I don. Yeah. Not that it's wrong if it's, it's artificial empty to me to the point that it drives you, your point to takes away the couch and the second car and that kind of stuff is not right.


Yeah. Like it, it's, yeah. So the the, because you're still gonna get there. We don't want you to retire broke. Okay. No, we we're not ditch that either. But here's the point. If you save 15% of his income, what's he make? 80 k. Okay. So, you know, let's call it a hundred K for round numbers 15 KA year for three years. That's 45. That's with no growth. Yeah. So you're there We're about there we're Got 50 now plus 40 something. Yeah. It's, I mean yeah it does. You're not that far out and you're gonna get some growth that that's, that C plan probably went up growth up 20% in the last 12 months. That's fair. Yeah. Yeah. The numbers have been, it has been looking nice.


Yeah, it's done good. I mean the s and p, the stock market's done good and I, I see what you mean about the peace thing versus numbers. Because I will say getting on that budget and staying on the EveryDollar budget that, But here, here's the thing. If you run 15% out right now, my life, if you run 15% out now and it does get you to a hundred K and you still get the budget of life in there, then everybody's winning in this. And by the way, go ahead and extrapolate out with a couple years off for PT school and then kick back in at 80 to 90 to a hundred K for the remaining working years of his life. The next what? 20 some odd years or so as a PT and, and put 15% of that income away into retirement, meanwhile paying off your house. And you're gonna be worth about eight or $10 million when you get to 67.


Sweet. I'll hold you to that. I'll give you a call back. Yeah, well if you do what I tell you to do, it'll work. I'm telling, I mean I I got millionaires, I got millionaires all over America that they're called baby steps millionaires. They're all over the place because they follow this stuff and it's not 'cause I'm magic, it's 'cause compound interest is magic and it's because just steadily investing is the key. Yeah. And it's not a hundred. Now the fun thing Rachel, about, I didn't know this social media trend 'cause as you know, don don't do social media, But it's trend. But I hear, but I mean I, I think I've heard some of our personality, you know, even be like, yeah to hit try to, you know, or not try to hit a million. But like there's, what I like about that is, is that math is easy. So here's the thing, I don't like the artificial pressure it puts on you.


That's weird. Which is what she was struggling with. But what I do like is this, if you are investing and you're averaging stock market rates of return, you're gonna average more than 12%. So let's dumb that down to 10%. If you're making 10% on your money, here's some easy math for you. A lump sum will double every seven years. So if you're 35 and you have a hundred thousand, no, no, wait a minute. He's getting ready to be 40 something. Okay, so he's 45 and he gets a hundred thousand bucks or whatever the number is. Okay, yeah. Then you can say that. Then you could say, okay, then seven years later that's gonna be 200 at 52. Yeah. And that 52 and at 59 that's gonna be 400.


And at 66 that's gonna be 800 without adding anything. And and and that's with adding nothing to it. Yep. Yeah. And, and so we're gonna have 1.6 million in our seventies adding nothing to it. so I kinda like that goal. That's a good reason to reach for a hundred to Yes. Because I want, I wanted to turn into that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But not, but I think our 15% rule will get you there faster. Yes. Yes. Yeah. And not break the bank. Yeah. And there's a 15% rule that I like that it's a habit and that's so much about winning with money. It's, it's just how you view it and how you use it. That 15 percent's a habit versus like, I'm going for the specific number. 'cause I think we can get, so I dunno infatuated with like, oh, if I just hit this number by 35, you know everything, it's great. It would so great.


And then you're like, well, you get there and like have you really created a life that you'll love? Like there's just life is more holistic than a number, than a dollar Amount. If don't, if I don't hit my weight loss goal by a certain date, I, my fitness plan is a failure. No it's not. Right. You still lost weight and you still changed your habits. Yes. Which is more important than hitting long term debt weight loss goal by a certain date. That's your point. Amen brother Dave. Alright, There we go. Sister Rachel This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This is the season for Halloween. It's October. We're wearing costumes and we're wearing masks. If you haven't started planning your costume yet, get on it. And while you're thinking about it, I want you to be honest. A lot of us hide ourselves. We hide our true selves behind costumes and masks all the time. We do this at work, we do this around our friends, we do this around our families. We even do this when we look at ourselves in the mirror. I know because I've been there multiple times in my life. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding behind masks and costumes all the time. If you find yourself hiding from your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest, where you can talk to somebody else and reflect and learn. And you can accept all the parts of yourself over time and start living an authentic life. Masks and costumes should be for Halloween parties, not for our emotions and our true selves. And if you're considering therapy, try calling my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for you and your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey and you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapists at any time for no additional cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Student loan debt is a swamp that thousands of people find themselves hard to escape from. Don't be another statistic in the student loan swamp for distressed private student loans. There's Why Refi. We trust Why Refi because they help you with a low fixed interest rate that you couldn't get anywhere else. They'll get you out of a defaulted private student loan mess and nobody else does this. This is why we endorse them. It's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in Allstate. All right. Today's question comes from Dennis in New Hampshire.


My adult son was laid off from his tech job and now works retail while job hunting. We invited him to live with us rent free until he gets back on his feet. My wife and I enjoy his company, but how do we get him to realize the value of what we're providing? I have asked him, asked him to do a couple of simple tasks to help us out. And his response is that he's too tired. I can do, I can do tasks, I can do tasks myself with a lot less aggravation. But the real value is in learning to help out. And the responsibility of home ownership. How can he not see the value of doing simple tasks in exchange for what he's receiving? Oh no, It's because he doesn't have to.


It's too late because He doesn't have To. He's grown. You don't get to be his daddy anymore. All you can do is let him get out in the wild and he'll figure it out. It's too late. You can't retrain a 33-year-old honey. Okay. The key there though is that you can't retrain him, but he can learn. I know, But how can you know he's treating, but he can, I got the dad, he's talking. This sounds like the guy thinks he's 16 years old. Well, and I don't know. How do I teach my child a work ethic? Oh, I know he's not a child. I don't Yeah, I don't know if it adults. He's a lazy adult Son is 23 or 33. don don't know how old he is, but, Well, he says he is an adult. so I don't know. So Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm going with. But yeah, so There, so there, my philosophy always with, with going back and living with parents is if for a season you can't, That's your philosophy.


My, we wouldn't let you Oh, y'all, no, y'all went, Denise moved back for six months after college graduation. Yeah, just for a minute. I mean, that's what I'm saying Is that there are seasons, gosh so argumentative today. There are seasons that I think, you know, like if something happens, right? A job. I don't know. There's times that I'm like, yeah, if you need help or I don't know, I, I'm okay with it for a period of time. Like a a a period of time. Right. Four months. Three months. Like don don't know if you need something for a period of time. I'm sorry I Didn't Communicated I don that was the question. It's not, but I'm just saying when it is okay to move back home, If someone is hurting and they're grateful and they're going through a horrible divorce or they lost a job temporarily to move back home as a safety net, not a freaking hammock, I'm good with that.


But a yes eagle that does not leave the nest is eventually known as a Turkey. So fly, baby fly. So if you wanna move back home, part of that means gratitude and you freaking get off your little butt and do something 'cause your dad asks you to do it 'cause you're living there rent free. It's kind of an obvious thing. I agree. That's this guy. I agree. That's Dennis's point. But my problem is, Dennis, is the language and the sentence structure that you're using to address this. You are acting like you're dealing with a child and yet you started the email with that you're dealing with an adult. Yep. So I negotiate with adults differently than I negotiate with children. Children that are under my supervision do what I say because it's for their best interest for a lot of reasons because I love them and I want them to win.


and I'm gonna teach them how to be great adults. They do what I say that inmates are not in charge of the asylum. We're not confused. We don't have anarchy. We're dinosaurs. We're old fashioned people now. But this is not an, I don't get to do that with Rachel anymore. As you guys can see on the air here, she's 34. She does what she has her own, she own independent thoughts and does whatever she wants. And so I don't get to tell her what to do anymore. At best I can try to influence her at best. And that's all you can do with him. And so what I would do is sit down and say, honey, you're living here free. And the way I understand that is, is that you're gonna do some things around here to say, Thank you for that.


And if you're unable to do those things because of your fatigue, then you're gonna have to make plans to live somewhere else. Because I'm not buying your fatigue. I think you're a lazy little Yeah. That and having a move out date. Yes. Anyway, regardless of how great He is. Yes. Yeah. There needs to be great. He's, because he needs to go out And. We enjoy his company. Yeah. Okay. That's nice. I mean, yeah, we enjoyed Denise's company. She was easy when she moved back in for that 20 minutes after college there for between trying to get an apartment, trying to get a, a roommate set up and all that stuff. Denise is, we didn't, we didn't have her move out because then 'cause we didn't get along with Denise.


That wasn't it at all. No, no. But but, but we had her move out because good for Denise to like be a grownup and stuff. When you buy your own milk and you look in the refrigerator to see if your own milk that you paid for has hit the expire date, that's a different whole process emotionally and developmentally than Yes. Than drinking your mama's milk. I mean, come on. Seriously. So it changes everything and it stunts your growth. so I, I don't care if you enjoy his company, I'm glad you enjoy his company. That means you all can have a great conversation about when he is gonna move out and the fact that he's gonna do some work in the meantime while he is there.


So end date and we're gonna, we're gonna respect the values under which I live. I have been known to have a glass of wine. I have a relative that does not, is really upset about anyone drinking wine. I would never take a bottle of wine to his home if I was staying there overnight as I was traveling. That would be rude. It's his home, not mine. I don't get to bring my values and impose them under his roof. I abide by his because that's his house and as his house, that's the way they set the rule. I'm good with that.


That does not offend me in the least. So perfectly fine. Not waltzing into that guy's house and, and doing something that is, and that's what this young man's doing. And, and because it happens to be his parents, it seemed like it's okay in his little head, but it's not. That's the same thing when you're in someone else's home, that's their place. They set the rules. They say it's their values that run the thing even if they're not aligned with yours. Exactly. And so there we go. And yeah, you, you'll be okay if you do some work while you're tired. You won't die from working right before you die from hard work you pass out.


So it's okay. You're not gonna die. You're, you'll be okay. It's gonna, it's gonna work out. Ash is with us in Chicago. Hi Ash Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Good afternoon, sir. how are you Better than I deserve. What's up? I'm 31 single and I'm currently on Ramsey's baby step number three. Cool. Hello? Did we lose you? I Think we lost him. That's like it. Press five, try Again. So something happened. Ash. Hello Ash. Are you there? Something happened. Well, he's check doing so good So far. There he is. Ash, wait a minute. Hello? You there? Oh, We gotcha.


Yes sir. Sorry about that. Okay, you're on baby. Step three. We are so excited for you. Well done. Yeah. Thank you and zero debt and I've got 45,000 saved in my savings account. Just sitting in there and I was thinking to buy an apartment, you know, invest in real estate. I'm so new. I just wanted to know where do I start? How do I start and so on. If you're gonna live in it. Sure. Okay. What about buying and renting it out to college students and stuff? Not till you have a place to live. I don't want you being a landlord while you're a tenant. Okay. Okay. Your, your number one purchase in real estate is primary residence first, get that paid off.


Okay. And then start being an investor. Okay. Understood sir. Yeah. You're doing a really good job though. I mean, you're moving along, you're thinking, right? Get, get your home paid for and then start investing in real estate with paid for ca with paying cash for it. You're gonna be in great shape. Yeah. The the investing in real estate's come up a couple times already in this, in this hour. And it still continues to be a place that people are interested in. Yeah, I'm very interested. But the philosophy for, for Ramsey is the paid for cash model, which means you will start smaller. Yeah. You'll smart, you'll start cheaper, all of that. But for those of you that are thinking about it, The data tells us that people that build wealth slowly keep it.


The people that borrow into and create wealth with a pile of debt, lose it. and I actually have lived that too. So I'm actually walking proof that that crap doesn't work. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author, co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour show on the Ramsey Networks. And my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. The call is free and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Denise is with us in Cleveland, Ohio. Hi, Denise Welcome to The Ramsey Show.


Hello. Hi. I just have a question for you. I'm about 850,000 in debt and my question is, should I file for a chapter 13 or should I just pay you what I can with the income that I have and using like a snowball effect? I'm not sure. I don't, I won't have enough pretty soon here to cover all the loans and credit card bills, but I can pay what I can, but I'm just trying to get your opinion on, on Sounds pretty dead gum scary kiddo. Yes. How much of the 800,000 is a mortgage?


I have a mortgage and the second mortgage, so it's about four 90 between those two. And what's that house worth? It is worth about five 50. Okay. Alright. And so four 90 out of eight or hundred, so you got about 300 and some change in non-mortgage debt, Correct? On what? Two cars. Okay. What gimme car, car number one. What do you owe on it? Car number one is 61 60 1000. Car number two is what?


46,000. Okay. And so that's a hundred and some change of the 300 and change. What's the rest of it? The rest of it is, I have about five credit cards at 40,000 Each or total. And then I have total Okay. Total for the five credit cards and Credit cards at, at 40. And what else? And the rest is unsecured loans and line of credit? No student loans. No student loans. Okay. So you have $200,000 in unsecured loans and line of credit? Correct. Okay. And what is your income?


I I suppose about 13,000 a month. Doing what? Well I have, I'm a, I I was trying to stay anonymous, but I'm a tester, I'm a tester, a software tester, and I'm a, I'm retired military, so I have that income as well. I see. Okay. Are you married Denise? Yes. Okay. Does your husband work but the Income? He works, but it is, it's, it's, it's trucking so sometimes the income is down when there's like hiccup ups with the vehicle, so it's not consistent.


Okay. On average, what would he bring home a month? Like just the, it just this past couple of months I would, the truck's been down, so I'd say maybe 2000. Okay. He owns a truck. He doesn't own it. There's a loan on it. No, I'm saying is that one of those 61 or 46? The truck he drives? No. So he has a a, a rig that in addition to what you're the debt you're giving me, he has debt on the rig? Correct. Okay. And how much debt does he have on this rig?


50,000. Alright. And what did he make last year? Net profit taxable About 50. He can make more than that. Driving for somebody else without carrying dead on a broken rig a Lot more. That's the job. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So here's the thing. Your voice sounds like someone who's had the crud beat out of 'em and looking at these numbers, I see why you feel beat down.


Am I wrong? You are right. Okay. And it's scary, isn't it? Yes. Okay. That's the bad news. The good news is, is that we can get you completely out of this mess pretty quick, but you're not gonna like it. You ready? I'm listening. Yes. Are you ready? Yes. Buckle in. Sell his rig. Sell both your cars, sell your house. Wow. I just got rid of almost all the debt.


I, you know, how much money I just freed up a month to throw at the remaining debt and you'll be done in 24 months. You'll start again. And this time you're not gonna buy a bunch of crap with money. You don't have to impress people. You don't really like a $61,000 car and you wanna file chapter 13 bankruptcy. No. You sell the stupid freaking car, set yourself free. You, you, you put your, you walked up and put yourself in shackles and I'm handing you the key step back out of 'em.


Sell everything in sight. Tell your husband to go get a job driving over the road, making one 20 with his CDL. He gets to come home on Fridays because he gets to work his butt off to help you clean up this mess. You guys are gonna live on beans and rice, rice and beans. You're not gonna see the inside of a restaurant unless you're working there. You're not going on vacation. And in two years you'll be a 100% debt free and you'll be making $250,000 a year and can rebuild your life. Mm. That's got to smell good. Yeah, Because you got stink in your nose right now.


Yeah. The question is, are you willing to turn loose all that crap for the freedom you ever seen that thing they use in the jungle to catch a monkey? You ever seen that trick? Yeah. Where they put jelly beans in a bottle and the monkey sticks his hand in the bottle, A big huge bottle that's weighted and he won't let go of the jelly beans in order to get his hand back out of the bottle. And because he refuses to let go, he stays in the trap. Hello, you getting this? I'm getting This. Let go of the jelly beans. Get out of the trap.


I've been where you are. It ain't no fun. That's how I can hear it in your voice. I remember being so scared I couldn't breathe. I remember my wife looking at me with terror in her eyes. It is not fun. And none of that crap you own is worth it. We'll help you if you wanna do this, but I I I think the bad news is you gotta mess. The great news is you gotta way out. If you let go of the jelly beans, you can be free, hun. I mean yeah, even the, the quick math. You, you sell everything, you'll gain about 60 grand pay off all the credit cards And about three, about 3000, $4,000 a month in payments, then on the, You don't have anymore on the loans.


And then you'll have 170,000 and all that unsecured debt and you guys just pay it off in two years by working like crazy easy. It's worth the peace. Denise. It's worth the peace. I'm gonna put you on hold. If, if you'll do it, we'll furnish you a personal coach as at our expense if you'll do it. If you won't, I won't furnish 'em.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing Includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foreside Fund Services LSE.


Hey folks. Dave here. If you haven't booked your cabin on the live like no one else cruises, now's the time because it's 90 something percent sold out You do not want to miss joining me, the Ramsey personalities and amazing guest entertainers for the ultimate debt-free celebration. We'll be sailing the Caribbean March 22nd through the 29th, 2025, stopping at the incredible Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, and The Bahamas. Hurry to secure your spot with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruz.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. thank you for joining us America. If you wanna win at something, winning is a series of intentional acts if you wanna be married successfully. It's a series of intentional acts, habits and behaviors if you want to be fit, it's a series of acts and behaviors and attitudes. Building wealth is the same way. You don't accidentally become wealthy. Oops. Nope, never no said, no millionaire ever. Right?


So the best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a monthly budget. EveryDollar makes it simple to plan spending and track expenses and save what matters most to you. Keep a pulse on your spending and make progress on your money goals with EveryDollar. It, it's updated and iterated all the time. It is the world's best budgeting app. Tens of millions of people use it every day. That's not an exaggeration, that's an actual statistical fact. And you can too go to EveryDollar in the App store or Google Play, download it and start today with using it with your, with your spouse. For those of you that are married and Rachel, I, you, you do a lot of stuff on the EveryDollar side of the equation, helping people doing the webinars and teaching them to do that stuff. What we have found all the way back in 30 years of us doing this at Ramsey, teaching people how to handle money when with money and so forth, is the common denominator among people that win with money is they budget, especially married couples who budget together.


Yeah. I mean it's, it is the, I think it's one of the top reasons it's hard to win with money is when a spouse is not on board. 'cause you're trying to do the plan. And if they're not on board doing it with you, it, I mean, it can be nearly impossible. I mean, it's really, really tough. And so getting yourself Yeah. In a position and your spouse on the same page, seeing yourself as a team and EveryDollar from a, from a tactical standpoint is so helpful. Winston and I, we, you know, we do it And, we both have the same account. You just share the account login info and he has app, the app on his phone. I have the app on mine and I mean we're, we're text about stuff and it's like, oh yeah, we had to do something to the minivan. And it was like, okay, put a line item in the EveryDollar, you know, the EveryDollar app and change it.


Here we'll go. I mean, you just end up talking about life too, right? I mean, money in life are just so overlapped. And when you and your spouse are together doing that, life just runs a little bit more smoothly. Melissa's in Pittsburgh. Hey Melissa. Welcome to The Ramsey show. Hi Mr. Ramsey. It's that an absolute honor to speak with you guys today. You too. How can we help? So, my husband and I, I, I mean I've heard of Ramsey and everything, but we really delved in back in January and it took us about nine months to get to baby, get through baby step one, which sounds ridiculous, but I've done everything on the Dave do not do list in my entire life.


And the biggest thing that set us back was a home renovation that we were living in and definitely was, you know, over budget and over the timeframe. Not that we ever thought that we were the exception, but just naive about it. But my question is, we're Dink Squad and I have three dogs and a cat and I have been a veterinary technician for 13 years and mainly in emergency medicine. and I always focus I don not focus. I always explain my mentality with them as like a new mama as an RN in a children's emergency center and every little thing about them, I panicked.


So when I became a dog mom and a cat mom, I thought I was doing the responsible thing by getting pet insurance. and I know, I've read, I've read things about like pet insurance and I know you love dogs and, and everything, but I, I can't get myself to cancel the policy and I don't know why. It's like my head knows the numbers. I know, right? But my heart is fearful and I, Melissa Don, don't think pet insurance is your problem. In nine months you couldn't get a thousand dollars. What in the flip else is going on? Because Of the home insurance? Because, because of the home renovation stuff. Is that over? Yeah, That Well, we're still living in it.


It's still going, but it's not What is your household income? Our household income is our gross is like 1 25. I just did the number or the other day. Okay. Net We're about 1 0 5. Pet insurance is not your problem. Well it's How how much are you paying a month? Like three 50. Okay, So what other It's it's not that it's my pro. I know that it's not like the problem I guess, But it's an expense you're wanting to cut to free up money. Right? Right. It's, it's part of the budget that I'm seeing that's going out. Okay, let, let's just pretend that I talk you into canceling the pet insurance, which you should do. Okay.


I make $120,000 a year. If your pet needs some help, you can take care of your pet, I guess. I don't know. 'cause you can't seem to find a thousand bucks making 125,000 a year. so I don't know if you could take care of your pet or not. This is my problem. You should be able to with no question at all. Right. If we repurpose some of this money to save the life of your dog, you can find the money to save the life of your dog. Right. If something happened. Agreed. You make a hundred, you make $10,000 a month before taxes. Right? I think we could figure out a way to save a dog. Yeah. It it's like, But you can't find a way to get a thousand bucks. So that's bothersome.


Do you follow me? Yeah. And, we start like we've side hustled and stuff, but it was like every time we the No, you Gotta spend like you're in Congress. Well, not anymore. Yeah, You do. But we did. Well not, not since I got the EveryDollar app there. Yeah, They're trying When did you get the EveryDollar app? Nine months ago. No, no, no, no, no. About a month ago. Oh, okay. I was on a webinar with Rachel. Okay. Maybe A month ago. Nows all gonna Okay. Give me Yeah. And that's, and I'm changing lives And I know it's gonna be, and I've been, I've been actually writing everything out. Good. Yes. In On paper. So like the EveryDollar has definitely been life changing and having it digital and linked to the bank account.


Your Husband working with you on this. He so, but no, he is, I promise he is. So you guys had mentioned about being on the same page. I always say my husband's in the same book. It's a good metaphor. He acknowledges there's a problem. He, He's not, he's not like very proactive in helping you figure it out. Okay. He's not looking at the numbers is the only thing he's not doing. He's not sitting down and looking at the numbers. That's the only thing he's not doing. Have you asked him to? I have. And what's he say? He just kind of makes, Okay, So does he work to not do It?


Okay. So here's what I would do, Melissa. That is 98% of what's going on here. 2% is pet insurance. Yeah. Okay. I guess like, I guess the reason why my question with the pet insurance was is I, I know where I can put that money every Month. Right? You're seeing an expense that could be freed up and you're like, why? Okay. Yeah, I hear you. I hear It's a no-brainer. Self-insured through your pets. I'm with you. You're not killing your dog when you cancel the insurance. I know you're making a decision to write the check to keep from losing your dog And it's a good Yeah. It's a, you know, You're self-insuring through pets, which everyone should do by the way. Right? No, and I I agree. After, you know, after, Especially people that make $125,000 a year.


Yeah. Okay. Especially listening to you like I know the life that I'm gonna have because of you. So like, and I'm, I'm, we're working on that And yeah. so I think, but IIII just don't want you to do this thing that in, in an area of your life, these, these animals are precious to you. They're particularly precious to you because of what you've chosen to do with your life as a vet tech. And so you're, you're beyond animal lover. I'm an animal lover. Yeah. But you're beyond animal lover. So this is like the center core of who you are and we're reaching over there and hitting cancel. Yeah. and I Don't want you to do that and not do all this other stuff that is really the problem. Yeah.


Right? No. and I, I I just, right. Yeah. I guess I don't want to ask you to do something that means that much to you when it doesn't fix everything. Yeah. I guess it just was a baby step towards what we're Working on. It's something you can do that you can control without having to get him on board, Right? Yeah. Yeah. And that's right. So the big the bigger picture, you're that whats bothering me? Yeah. You're you're doing some tactical things that are really good, but high level Melissa, I would, I would say I tonight and just tell him this would mean a lot to me. I'm feeling overwhelmed. I'm, you know, you list out What is going on within you tell him that. And if he doesn't listen and say, okay, I'll show up for 30 minutes and look at numbers.


He's kind of a crappy husband. And then you have a marriage problem at that point. Right? So like there's could be some stuff that's a string is being pulled and I would, I would continue on because I think you can have a healthier, more beautiful life if you do. So push on Melissa, we're cheering for you. Yep. This is The Ramsey Show.


Motivating your team to work and lead with the same passion you have is one of the toughest things in leadership. But it's crucial if you want to scale your business. Fortunately Entree Leadership Summit is the leadership event that will equip you to build a team that fights shoulder to shoulder with you so you can grow like never before. Join us in Denver, Colorado, May 18th through the 21st by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash summit. Or click the link in the show notes.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey personalities. My co-host today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Tyler and Alyssa are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Good, how are you? We are doing, how are you doing? Fantastic. how are you Dave? Good to have you guys. Thank. you we're better than we deserve. Where do y'all live? So we are from Dema, Indiana, which is about an hour south of Chicago. Fun. Well welcome to Nashville. thank you. And how much debt have you two paid off? We have paid off $96,000. Wow. Nice. How long did that take? About three and a half years. Good For you. And your range of income? So when we started, we were making around 97,000 a year and that bumped down to 80,000.


Okay, cool. What do y'all do for a living? So I am currently the youth pastor, student ministry director at my church. and I am mostly a stay at home mom, but I do work part-time as a social work program manager. Okay. So that's the step down, you step down to stay at home and, and be part-time. Yes, exactly. Okay, very cool. Good for you guys. What kind of debt was the 96? So a little bit of everything. Most of it was student loans, but we had car payments, phones, medical bills. You kind of normal. Kind Of normal. Yep. Yeah. How long y'all been married? We've Been married for nine years. Eight? Eight. Almost nine years. Almost nine years. Almost nine years. Okay. Alright. And so somewhere around five years into the marriage you, somebody looked up and said something's wrong.


How did the, tell me your story and how'd you get plugged in with the Ramsey stuff? So I had, we had heard some of your principles and stuff at our church from our senior pastor ESP specifically the debt snowball, but I didn't really understand at all. And then I was invited into a small group right around that, that time a few years ago that where we had to read a book every month and then discuss it. And the, one of the books on our list was your complete Guide to Money. Oh wow. And so, which we actually didn't end up reading the book, but I had already bought it because I was really intrigued, especially since I'd already heard about some of your principles. So I read the book and was like, we gotta do something like a lot of our, any of our marriage struggles had to deal with finances and lack of communication around it.


And we just, we really wanted to be more generous people and to be able to grow our family without having to worry about financial stress. So I I, I took the information I learned, I tried to share it with Alyssa, she was really, really skeptical. Was a little hesitant at first, So, so it took some convincing, but I just kept listening to your radio show over and over again. And one day we went to, we went out on a date And, we had a really long wait. So we decided since it was cold, that we would just go sit in the car with the heat on. And I'm like, well let me just put another one of, you know, your shows on. And so we listened to it and something during that show, something started to change within her and she started to, I think, understand that this was possible.


And then right after that we were approached by a beggar who had knocked on her window and had asked for money, I think for a hotel room or food or something. and I opened my wallet, And, we didn't have anything to give and then I was just, we were dreaming about what it would be like to have been able to just give him something in that moment. Or I run with Team World Vision And, we just changing lives across the world by providing clean water. And I'm like, what, what would it be like for me to be able to give a little bit more to this? Or just all those kinds of things. And so we, we really wanted to be more generous. We wanted to be able to grow our family And, we were sold.


Yeah. That's awesome. Okay, so I'm curious, Alyssa, what was the hesitation at first? Was he like, you can't spend any money and you're like, who are you? You're crazy. And or what was the hesitation and what was the thing that kind of turned it for you? Because there's probably people listening that have a spouse or maybe themselves are like, Hmm, I don't know about this. Yeah, I think I just don't really like change. And even though it wasn't going well, we had been doing this for five years of our marriage a certain way and just the, the fact of doing so many changes, like we had separate bank accounts and everything so we would have to combine our bank accounts and I just, I was, I was just nervous. I was like, what if it doesn't work out? You know? and I'm kind of a skeptical person, but I think the biggest thing for me was really we wanted to grow our family and have more kids.


And. we didn't wanna have to worry about the finance aspect of that. and I think I started to think about that more and more. And obviously we've had three kids and one on the way at this point. But I think that was really like my turning point for me, which Is really big for a lot of people. It's the why. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like it's, it is this bigger life Oh, my gosh, what do I want my life to be like? Right. And how can I get myself in a position to do that? And that was it. The motivating factor family for you guys. Yeah. Which is huge. That's so great. Yeah. And the gener generosity part too. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Most of us will do things for our kids or even for other people that we wouldn't do for ourselves. Yep. And that's weird, but it that's got that call to nobility calls you to face that change.


Yeah. That was the uncomfortable change. Right. Okay. I'm gonna try it for the kids. Yeah. You know, I'm gonna try it so I can be generous. Yeah. I'm gonna try it, you know, instead of like I'm gonna try it. So for me, you know, people, people don't do that. That's weird. Right. But good for you. Thanks. Thanks. Good for you. Proud of you guys. Very cool. Congratulations. Thanks. Thank you. You know, and in the midst of having all the babies. So you guys started this three and a half years ago. You still paid off. How, how old's your, how old's the oldest? The Oldest is seven. And then we have a three and a half year old. A one and a half year old and then one Boy. So you were nine months pregnant when you decided to start this? Yes. Really close. Yes. Yeah. Oh look how beautiful. So sweet Oh. my gosh. Wait, what was the hardest part doing this? 'cause you guys are a new family.


Doing a lot. For me it was giving up fast food runs, eating out when I'm tired and taking care of toddlers and I. Just wanna go through the drive through line and saying no to family and friends, going on vacations, even play dates at different like Chuck e Cheese type places, you know, it was, those were the hardest things for me. And then for me spending money, I don't like doing it anyway. So it was really, most of that was really easy. But paying all of this money to debt was really hard. And so we knocked out most of our, our debts in that first year. And then we were just left with the big student loans after that. So like, we had all this quick wins and it was really awesome. And then it's like we had hit a wall.


Yeah. It's like we hit a wall and it's like, what do we do from here? So then I, I was like, well I need to motivate myself somehow. I looked through our budget, I'm like, haircuts, I don't need haircuts anymore. So, so I took that out and I'm like, if I just, if I just save the money there and grow my hair out to a point where it little annoy me, maybe it'll motivate me to keep my foot on the gas And you know, that's what I did. So I did, I grew my hair out for two and a half years and then a couple months ago I was able to cut off 20 inches. Whoa. Oh. my gosh. Whoa. Yeah. That's awesome. Wow. That's awesome. Okay, so how does it feel now? 'cause you were saying before it was not working, we knew it doesn't work. You know, there was some fights in there about money, all of it. And now you're on the other side. Was it worth it?


It was. Oh, So Worth it. It's been life changing for us, Honestly. How's it feel now? Amazing. Yes. Yes. It's, We don't have to worry about the money aspect even though we don't have a huge income. We have what we need and that's what's important. Mm. And I'll say that, that we, we never had to touch our emergency fund, but the, the day after we make that last payment, like something happened with our car, our freezer went out and like, it was somewhat stressful but I'm like, but we now have, we had it, we had money, the money to just be able to pay for these instead of having to go in debt for those kinds of things too. And it was, that was really Cool. So good you guys. Yeah. Incredible in incre. Are the kids here? Yeah, they the kids are here. Yeah.


Yeah. Bring 'em up. What are their names and ages? So we Have Indie or in Indiana she's seven. We have Zla. She's three and then Shepherd. He is one and a half. Oh my goodness. Oh here they go. Okay. So sweet. And one look at The cowboy boots. Oh man. Oh, Cute, cute, cute. Beautiful family. And when's number four? That's such a great why right there? December 23rd. Alright. Christmas baby. Yep. Alright, here we go. Fun stuff. Proud of you guys. thank you. Congratulations Thank, you. thank you. What do you tell people The key to getting out of debt is, I think the key is really just to, it's to set an intentional budget and then to remember why you're doing what you're doing.


Yeah. So the mission behind why we were doing what we were doing to grow our family, to become generous. Like that's what really pushed us through. And then what made it easy was being really intentional. So that EveryDollar app, it was, it's been amazing for us where we can both see it and understand our finances better and combine and it's just, and then being on the same page, making sure that, that we understand how, how we both work with money and to, and to just be able to communicate. And so yeah. So great. Yep. Indy Zla. Yep. Yep. Shepherd Tyler and Alyssa. The Chicago area. $96,000 paid off in three and a half years. Making 97 now down to 80. Count it down.


Let's hear a debt free scream. All right. 3, 3, 2, 2, 1, 1. We're debt free. So sweet Oh. my Gosh. Oh that's fun. Beautiful Family. How fun is that? Beautiful family. Oh, This is The Ramsey, Show.


I know you work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget. And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make in its little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey so you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality is my co-host today.


If you haven't downloaded The Ramsey Network app, you need to do so it is free and it has 100% of the shows on The Ramsey Network meaning that like for instance this show on podcast and on YouTube is getting ready to conclude. And yet there's another segment that will be doing And. we will be on The Ramsey Network app and that some of you in talk radio will get. So you need to download the Ramsey Network app And. we put other things on there like we put the Donald Trump interview on there the day before we put it out to the public on YouTube and podcast. So you got a day early, that kind of thing. And spoiler alert, there's another one coming next week. It's not the vice president. We have reached out to her but it's not that one. But I got, just did a long form interview yesterday that you will want to hear that will, we'll put it on YouTube but we'll put it out a day early on. The Ramsey Network app and The app search feature is great too. It really is. So if you're looking for content and you need like quick answers with that, it's, it's great and it's free And you can ask a question on the app and that's what Katie did.


Does contributing to your HSA count towards your 15% investing? I have built up quite a bit in my HSA and I'm thinking about investing within it. And how do you know what funds to pick? I would not use my HSA towards the 15% because your HSA can only be used for medical if you use it for anything else, it's taxable and penalized and I would until you're 65 and after you're 65 you can do a withdrawal on it like you can on anything else. So you an HSA is a health savings account that is tax deductible and can be used for medical.


Okay. And meaning that the government's paying part of your medical, if you do that, it's tied to a low cost health insurance plan because it's a high deductible health insurance plan and you cover the deductible with the HSA. It is not an investment vehicle by choice. You should use investing vehicles in your 15% meaning mutual funds and your 401k Roth IRAs and those kinds of things. Having said that, I'll answer the rest of your question. Once you get to baby step seven and your house is paid off and you're maxing out things left and right, then you can use your HSA as an investing vehicle.


and I have George W put the first HSAs in place and the day they were put in place, I bought the first one. 'cause I love the concept. Is that how new they are? Hmm. I didn't realize they were that new. Yeah, that's, well it's not that new. That's 20 years ago but four, four presidents ago. Yeah, but five presidents ago. Anyway, but the, so anyway, yeah for a long time I've been doing all they would allow me to do in the HSA and knock on wood, the Ramseys have been pretty healthy and I haven't had to use it. And so it has turned into an investment vehicle. And then when you get to baby step seven, like I have and I max out 4 0 1 Ks and I max out backdoor Roth IRAs and I Max out every single thing I can do to keep the government's stinking hands off my money.


Then I'm also gonna max out an HSA as an investment. I'll never use it for medical. I mean highly unlikely I'll use it for medical. I'm already 64. I can start withdrawing it next year for any reason, medical or otherwise at 65 if I want to. So I'm using it as an, and now I've got like don don't know there's four or $500,000 in this stupid thing just 'cause of chunk money in it for all these years. And we moved it into mutual funds and you can use a company like Health equity is what we use And, we moved the money into mutual funds inside the HSA. But you should not be doing that until you get to baby step seven and you've maxed out regular retirement plans first and you've got your house paid off first, then you would do stuff like this.


This is like when you've, when you've done everything you can do, what's the last thing you can do this but you at your stage, no, you need to be doing 15%, 15% into good retirement is all like regular 4 0 1 Ks and Roth IRAs. Yeah. and I think the HSA question is, I think it's a it's a great question Katie. I'm glad that she submitted it. Yes. Because I feel like we are hearing Yeah don don't know more questions around it because I think, I don't think some people realize that it can even be an investment vehicle eventually that that's even an option. Yeah. And here's the thing, everybody's always looking for these little nuanced hacks. This life hack, this investing hack that's gonna make the big difference.


The big difference is do the main stuff steady and do the nuanced stuff as icing on the cake. Okay, here's another example of that. All right. Nuanced things that people talk about, like it's some kind of big breakthrough thing and I see it sometimes with overhyped and some weirdo on TikTok or something. But here's what happens. Okay, Rachel, 12-year-old Rachel is working the back book table at a live event selling kids books and helping us load the truck and worked hard and got paid and she Didn't have the option, but I'm glad we Got paid. We send them to the shark, we send them to the salt mines.


So poor little child abused children. Like, so anyway, that's, that's what set her up for her success anyway, so she gets paid and then she's babysitting some 12, 13, 14 years old baby and I. I added up the amount of money that she actually made and filed a tax return one year, I think it was a whole $1,700 or something. Teenage income filed a tax return. I paid what little tax there was due, if any, on $1,700. But that enables her to have an earned income at 12 or 13 years old And.


we did a Roth IRA and you can put up to your earned income. So that year I dumped 1700 bucks into Rachel's Roth, IRA. We did that again at 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. She didn't put any of the money she earned in that. I took $1,700 of my money and did a little Roth IRA for her. But you do that 4, 5, 6 times and then they're 21 or 22 years old and they come outta school and they'll look down and there'll be a hundred thousand dollars in a 401k. And if you're 22 and you have a hundred thousand dollars, you know what that is when you're 42? Hello? But that doesn't make you rich if you do everything else stupid. So that's a little nuanced trick. Like the HSA is a little nuanced trick.


It's icing on the cake. It is not the cake. And you don't need icing if you got no cake. so I mean you need to do the middle stuff, the the big stuff, right? And not try to replace the big stuff with all these little tic tac hot hacks that are out there. I have a life hack. Oh, you're killing me. Alright, just do the life. The newest or not the newest one, the one I just saw recently is using life insurance while you're alive. Oh God, Explain that one. That's a good, a good one. That's a thing that it's like Oh my gosh, I could, I don't have to work. Well which one is that? Is that the stupid whole life thing? And I, I, it ends up being a, a whole life insurance type Policy. It's it's not a, it's not the, Honestly, I didn't really even understand.


I was watching him trying to figure out where he was going with it. but It is that what it was? It was, I think it ended up being a whole life whole thing because he had a product he was selling. Well there's another product that of course you can, but He's saying like that If you're terminally ill you can sell your death benefit. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is like actually pulling my out. Oh that's a cash value book crap. Yeah. That's, that's more ticked to, I mean, but It's that stuff Bad financial products that we, it's like, it's like a disease. We, we in the financial world thought we had and Knock had vaccinated everyone against the disease and then Tic-tac comes back and spreads the disease again. We almost had it done. It was almost dead. And then some little fart revives the thing on Tic-tac who and, and all of a sudden whole life is now a big, not everyone in the financial world, those whole life sucks.


And, and, and then this little guy, God almighty. Okay, so let's go positive 'cause we only have like two minutes left. so I dunno if we all get your call. Okay. But I mean it's the thing So No, no, no, no. So, so that's okay. So that's a good question kids, let's go in that direction. 'cause you went there with the, the what? With the Roth. I kids, a lot of people ask, okay, what can I do besides saving for my kids' college? What can I do to set them up? Is it TMAs? Is it mutual funds? Is it, yeah, that's What's not besides kids' college. That's in addition to kids' college. That's a yes. That's an example. Kids' college is a cake icing. Roth IRA with the babysitting money. Okay, don't do that and say, well I'm not doing kids' college 'cause I'm doing the icing. No, do the cake. Do the do you know, have money so your kid can gain knowledge.


Here's Another one. It'll make you mad real quick. Don't, don't pay for your kids' college, but, but pay for the, get a house. Have them pay you rent so that way when they graduate, they may have student loans but they'll have a house with more equity. See, everybody's trying to do double back flips instead of actually just doing their work. Yeah, you're right. That does make me mad. It's just dumb. It's just dumb. Pay for stuff. Hello. Quit trying to figure out a way to, there's no shortcut to any places worth going. Do the cake then do the icing. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing badda, boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.