
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Jade Washau RAMSEY. Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. We'll talk about you right in front of you. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. The call is free, and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Tommy starts off this hour in Reno, Nevada. Hi Tommy. Welcome to The Ramsey Show.


Good morning and thank you for taking the call. Sure. What's up in your world? Well, I'm a 75-year-old senior with a 68-year-old wife, and I found a month and a half ago that I was $53,000 in debt on credit cards. I thought I was debt free for quite a while now. And I come to find out that there was money being put against the credit cards from casinos, mostly for the last five years anyway, to right now I'm lined up to borrow $80,000 at a credit union at 6.625% 30 year amortization.


But it's a balloon payment. And the reason I went with that is 'cause I, I can pay different amounts at, at different times because I make 30 to $50,000 extra approximately every year over my re our retirement. Our retirement income is 57 35 a month. Who, who racked up the credit card bills? Your wife? Yes, ma'am. And you didn't know about It? I wasn't smart enough to, to keep my nose in the books and I trusted her a hundred percent. Hmm. How long have you guys been married? 13 years. It's my second marriage.


Okay. And so approximately half the time you've been married, she's been lying to you? Yes. 'cause she has a gambling problem? Yes. Okay. Well, you described to me how you're gonna try to fix and get out of this. What about stopping the problem? What are we doing about her gambling problem? Well, she, she left me because she knew I'd be really upset and she went to her mother. So she says she's getting, getting counseling every week, but I'm not sure it's for the gambling problem. What do you think it's for? She, She's going to a Christian counselor and I'm not sure she's admitting that she has a gambling problem yet.


Well, it's good that she's in counseling. I'm sure if it's a great counselor they can get to the core of what's going on. Right. But she has not had contact with you? No, we have contact every day now. Okay. And we plan to get together again. She's just been kind of dragging her feet as to when Oh, Well the good news is she's looking for help and then it's up to you and her to decide together what the boundaries are going forward and what the marriage needs to look like going forward. Right Now, these cards, I assume they're in both of your names? Yes, they are. Okay. And you guys, you guys have, you know, you don't have any money saved in retirement.


One card is just in her name that was kind of hidden and the others are in both our names. Yeah. Do you have any money saved in your nest egg? Not very much. I have a $10,000 IRA and I have a 5,000 in checking right now. And my wife has a little IRA and she, she won't tell me how much is in it, but I don't think it's more than 50 50,000. 50,000? Yes. Hmm. Didn't you say that was how much is on the credit cards? Yes, about 53. Hmm. Okay. I think I see a plan evolving here. She May, she may have been drawing out of that without telling me too.


I mean, there's some dishonesty here. Yeah. Well, yeah. Obviously a lot. Okay. So, yeah. And I don't, I don't have access to her IRA Yeah. Which I should. The the 5,735 you're getting every month, is that Social Security? What is that? It's our two social securities and I'm a a retired teacher. Okay. Why would you borrow 30,000 more than you need? You said you were gonna borrow 80. I I finished, we've been full-time RV years for quite a while, but I finished a a one bedroom house last summer and we moved, finally moved into it.


And I'm trying to finish it off completely and I need about another 30,000 to, to put the final touches on it. I would not borrow this money. No. Essentially what you're doing is you're trying to borrow money to get out of debt and that's impossible. You have to pay in order to get out of debt, you have to use your money and pay off the bill. Yeah. I, okay, so let, let, what I'm gonna do in this situation is how do you eat an elephant ab bite at a time? Priority number one is establishing what's gonna happen with your relationship and for your relationship to be brought back together.


Trust has to be reestablished because there's been a lot of deception. And so there's a path forward with you and the counselors where everybody comes clean. She comes clean as being a gambling addict, which she obviously is and gets help for that. And a part of a normal restoration plan in this situation would be that she does not control money again for the next three or four years that you control all of it. And if you're together, okay. Now obviously if you divorce, then that's a whole nother thing. If you divorce as a part, if you come back together, we're gonna find out what's in this IRA, we're gonna use it.


Okay. Her $50,000 IRA or whatever's left in it is gonna go towards this $50,000. The, and then we're gonna cash flow through the, the credit card debt like Jade said, whatever that doesn't cover. And then we're gonna pay out of pocket to finish up the repairs on the house. 'cause you've almost got the house done, right? And you weren't planning to borrow money before all this blew up. This just, you just said, oh, I'll just add that while I'm cleaning up this other mess. And now you've got a huge massive debt. 80,000 bucks that you don't need that around your neck. That's 75 years old.


So yeah. So the first thing is establish if we can reestablish trust and what the boundaries are gonna be in our relationship. If it goes the other way and you end up divorcing, then you're still going to go the same route. And that is, I'm gonna find out how much is in this I-R-A-I-R-A and we're gonna use all of her assets to clean up her mess. Whatever's left, you'll have to negotiate on the balance of the credit card debt. But anything she owns in this divorce settlement negotiation, if I'm in your seat, she's going to use to clean up the deception and the lies and the gambling addiction. I'm not using my money and I'm not borrowing money to pay off your stuff.


You're paying off every bit of this, especially the card that cards that have my name on them. And that's your, that's your divorce negotiation. But you gotta decide first which direction you're gonna go. And obviously she's got a say in that. And so getting with a counselor and establishing some boundaries, but addicts don't get to handle money for the next three to five years. Someone's coming off of alcohol, off of cocaine, off of sports betting off of a, off of casino gambling, off of pornography. When they're coming off of this stuff. They are, you know, addicts all are manipulative. They all lie. And so they can't be allowed to handle the family money.


And she's that, this is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death and predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over, profits check out fair wins Credit union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle. They created just four RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay outta debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Jade Walsall RAMSEY Personality, my co-host today, open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. So it is normal Jade in the, in most marriages for one of the people to be more, we call them the nerd laughingly around here to be more detail oriented, money oriented. They the one that likes spreadsheets, right? The sicko, that's me. Yeah. Right. And and it's normal for the other one to, we call them the free spirit to, you know, just whatever you wanna do, honey.


And that, that's a normal process. However, I will tell you that when the person that is handling the money unquote, quote unquote, does not have a good clear stream of communication where everybody, where in my case Sharon knows exactly what's going on. 'cause I'm the one doing the budget. Which one are you? Do it Sam, or you? I do it. You do it. Okay. I set it up. Yeah. He tell him about it. He's like, Yeah, because Rachel, Rachel doesn't touch it. I mean, it's Winston, I mean Winston lays it out. And so either way, it doesn't matter who it is. Yeah. That the other person is, is involved enough in the budget to A, have input on where our money's going and b ever have agreement that this is where our money's going.


Mm. And so if you have agreement before the month begins of where EveryDollar is going, one of you's the nerd and you did all the details and the other one looked at it and, and changed a few things and then agreed to it. There is no room in that because we've agreed to where EveryDollar is going. It's why we call the budgeting app EveryDollar. We've agreed where EveryDollar is going. Now again, if you're the free spirit, the, I don't care, whatever you wanna do, honey, I'm not asking you to become a nerd, but I am demanding that you do be an adult and not ask the other person to be the only adult in the family. Well, my husband don't gimme any money. My wife won't gimme any money. Well, what are you a, a child? Mm. I mean, you don't get a vote in the house.


Yeah. It's your responsibility to Check in. It's your responsibility to have a vote. And you go, no. I mean, we decided what we were going to with our money, the nerd will execute the plan. The nerd will probably develop 90% of the plan. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But, but you're in agreement. The the neat thing about that is it creates a real clear combining unified marriage where we're unified. We're, we're agreeing on our dreams, we're agreeing on our fears because these are two grownups, both speaking into where the money that we work so hard for goes, where's it go? Two grownups when you do that, you don't, I don't get the call that says my wife was hiding credit card debt.


It's almost impossible to do. That's Right then Because you know where the money's going. That's right. Even if you're the free spirit and not the nerd. Right. It's almost impossible to do. So you alleviate that or my husband, you know, went and bought a bass boat without my permission and all that kind of, that stuff doesn't happen. Yeah. So this is perfect Dave. This weekend we had the money and marriage event. Yeah. And I was talking about creating transparency in your marriage. Yeah. And I was saying there's a couple of things that you can do. Just practical things that will make it, like you said, nearly impossible to hide money. And one of those things is sharing passwords, right? Everybody should have access to the bank account.


Everybody can log in, everybody can see what's going on, turn on the spending notification. Like those are practical things that you can do. And there's, it, it alleviates any illusion of your hiding. Something I, I told, I said in our house, it's, you would have to work very, very hard to hide something from me or vice versa because it's all out in the open. Nobody has anything to hide. I know every one of Sharon's passwords to everything, everything. She knows every one of my passwords to everything. There's no chance I'm doing porn on my computer. 'cause she can open it up anytime she wants and look at it And get in there. And it's not to say that you're, I mean, it's simple spy. It's not even anything about spiraling on your Spouse. No. It's or creeping on your spouses. It's, If you're doing crap, you ha that you don't, that you're ashamed of, You try to hide it, then You hide it.


If you're not doing things you don't, that you're ashamed of, then you don't have anything to hide. That's Right. So it's a pretty simple thing. Right. And so, you know, it's a little difficult. I I, I ran into a guy the other day, he's 300,000 in debt on credit cards. His wife just found out. And it's all sports betting, which is probably the fastest growing addictive problem that we're running into in the money world right now. That's right. Outta control. Sports betting. So the dirty little secret of FanDuel. Right. The dirty little secret of all these ads. You know why they're buying ads on the Superbowl? 'cause they can afford to, they're making so much money off of you guys. 'cause you can buy a, you can bet on, you know, whether they're gonna dance backwards or forwards after a touchdown, you can bet on anything.


Anything. Right? And they are betting on everything ing and it's out of control. Some of you're losing your entire futures to betting on watching someone else earn a living. And it's stupid. And yeah. So, but, but that doesn't happen if husband and wife are both on the same page. You don't have an ability to pay the bill on that without it showing up. And so it's like, you know, you know, it just doesn't work. So, and and here's the thing. There's this huge, not only is it a preventive medicine for things like misbehavior in a marriage, but the more importantly it combines you guys.


And, and when the preacher said, and now you are one, when you are, when you are unified and have an agreed future that we are both pulling towards the probability of you hitting it goes up like, like 10 x. Yeah, that's right. You're probably gonna be wealthy. And the num the, the inverse of that is the number of times we talked to millionaires, we studied 10,000 of them and said, how many of you did this in spite of your spouse being an idiot, in spite of your spouse being outta control in spite of your spouse? My, my husband's an outta control spender. My wife's a princess. You know how, how many of you did that in spite of the fact that you had a child attached to your hip? You know, almost none.


They almost all said in the 80 percentile, which is statistically mind blowing, said the one of the reasons we're here is we're both adults and we both agreed that we wanted to be here. And that's how you become a millionaire. The chances of you marrying some moron and then becoming a millionaire are almost zero. So be careful. Yeah. I saw a Guy on the new people dating. Oh lord, be careful. I saw a guy on the internet talking about the most important decisions and I agreed with him on this. The most, one of the most important decisions you'll make is who you marry. Yep. If not the most. There's one with Charlie Munger on that. Is that the guy? Yeah. Yeah, yeah.


And it's so true. And so again, if you're looking for those ways to be proactive, sharing passwords, passcodes, I'm talking about banks, investments, savings, your will, your spouse should know where the will is. Even your electronics. They should be able to have the passcode to your phone, your computer. They should be able to log into your social media and slide in your dms so they can see who else has been sliding in your dms. Like this is the transparency you want combining bank accounts. We have EveryDollar spousal accounts now so that you, you guys can all have the profile all see what's going on. And finally, Dave, this one's controversial, but the little location app that's on your phone where you can turn on your location. I didn't know you could do that, but a my best friend called me up, she said, Jade, share your location with me.


And I said, what are you talking about? She said, there's a little button you can add me and I can see where you're at. And at first I was like, why would you wanna do that? She goes, you know, you go for runs, you know, early in the morning, I just wanna know, make sure you're All Right. And I thought, that's great. And so she showed me how to do it and I said, Sam, show me your location. He was happy to do it. And it's not like I'm on my phone looking, where's Sam going? But if you're a person who's not hiding anything and you want the best thing for your marriage transparency, that's the key that shows, Hey, I have nothing to hide. I might not be, if we did that, I might not be able to find Sharon, but I could find her phone lol. Which I am tasked with looking for pretty regularly. So that's Funny.


It's true Though. That's old people problems right there. I can't find my phone. Oh man. Oh my gosh. But Dave, you know the people where you say, what's the passcode? And, and they're like, I'll pa I'll type it in for you. Yeah. And they wanna type it in for you. They don't want to give it that. That's a red flag right there. I'm telling you. Yeah. That's your, if that's your husband or your wife, it's a problem. That's a problem. So here's the thing. All the data that we have from 40 years of doing what we do says, not only can you avoid people's misbehavior in a marriage, addiction being one of them, affairs being another little difficult to have a budget line item says, honey, you know it doesn't work. Right, right, right. That doesn't work. Side side honey, that doesn't work.


Right? Mm. So you can't have a budget line item that has that, that one, that one won't, that one won't pass. That Won't Fly. So you, you know, all, not only do you avoid all that, but you also are almost guaranteeing your ability to build wealth. 'cause you're working together and you're aiming and you're agreeing on our fears. We're agreeing on what we're gonna do. And it gets rid of, I told you so too, which is a neat thing to get out of our marriage.


This is The Ramsey Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships, red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships, but all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash RAMSEY radio to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ RAMSEY radio.


Thank you for joining us America. Jade Shaw RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Arabella is with us in Springfield, Missouri. Hi Arabella. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I have, my husband and I have a crypto portfolio that is at about 60,000 right now. And we are about to close on a house and we have no credit card debt, but we have 14,000 student loans and 37 in an auto loan. And we don't know if we should sell our crypto right now and just pay off all of our debt and, you know, start this process with a home with a mortgage debt free or try to wait out the bull run that is projected to happen with crypto in about April and sell, you know, at whatever price it'll be around then I, I wouldn't try to time the market with it.


I, I mean, you guys are in debt today and you're closing on the house really quickly. And so I would liquidate this crypto and I would pay off this debt. I would do that instantly. Okay. But do you have any advice on like, what if it were to go to the projected amounts that the coins we hold are gonna go to, You know, what the other projected amount is, right? The other projected amount is zero that they go to You are, you have a, do you have a recent memory about crypto? So we are not invested in mean coins, which is, I mean, You are invested in crypto.


Do you have a recent memory like in the last 36 months of what that has that category of investing has done? It's one of the most volatile high risk investments on the planet. And it's not technically an investment. It's actually called speculation. Were up 30, We were up $30,000 more than we are right now, just right before the tariffs. So, Hmm, Interesting. And so what happens when Trump burps again? You're screwed. Okay. Okay, so, okay, listen, stop a second. You're acting like this is some kind of steady, predictable investment because it has a long track record.


The only track record that crypto has is extreme volatility. That's the facts. So we've been writing it out for five years. Jesus, you are not listening. Arabella, do you know what you sound like? You sound like Somebody's in denial. Someone who's in denial and somebody who, like, I don't drink much. I do very little cocaine. Come on. Someone's At the crap table. Who's at the craps table? I'm just gonna let it ride if I let it ride. I'm ride. I'm hot, I'm hot right Now. Yeah, that's what you sound like. 'cause it it is, it's basically a form of gambling. 'cause you don't know what's gonna happen. And just because you had a great week two weeks ago, it's, you Know, it's not investment, it's speculation. It's the roll of the dice. You're in Vegas and your car payments on the line.


So the answer to your question is what Jade said. Cash it out today and pay it off. And, but then another way to help you analyze this from a decision making paradigm is to do a sunk cost analysis. Pretend in your mind, before you called us and asked this question, pretend in your mind if you said, okay, I have no credit card debt and no car debt, should I go borrow on my car and on a credit card to buy $60,000 worth of crypto? Absolutely not. Well, It's the same thing. It's the Okay, if You don't sell it today, you borrowed it again tomorrow. It's the same thing. It says if you borrowed it, you understand that.


I have one more question then. Okay. So we, the reason we invest in crypto in the first place is obviously we are Christian and we do not gamble and don't think gambling is okay. But we felt like God showed us these three specific coins that we're invested In Ooh. Like a crystal ball. And we have just been waiting for the right time for him to show us when to sell, which is why we've been holding for five years through two bull runs. Arabella, I'm upset with this. I'm upset that you're, that you're telling us This, this is really, really bad theology, Ella really bad. Okay. 'cause there are, there are no instances in the Bible Zero where speculation, which is what this is.


It's not gambling, but it's speculation. The difference in investing and in speculation is speculation is you're buying something you hope is gonna go up that has no track record. That's speculation. You're looking for a short term gain. Investing is a long term gain. Investing over a long period of time is scriptural. Playing short term games with money that you don't have. 'cause you're broke, you have a car payment, you're broke people and you're borrowed on your car and on your credit card effectively to play a short term game. Please don't blame that on the Holy Spirit.


It might have been a spirit, but it wasn't the holy one. That's nuts. Okay, so sorry. Now I've insulted you completely, but oh well. Just, that's for the rest of the audience's edification. That's all I can say. 'cause I don't think I'm gonna help you at all. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Okay. Clear the air. Okay, let's go. And Matthew gets to follow that in Chicago. Hey Matthew, how are you? Hey, Mr. RAMSEY. How's it going? What's up? Not much in the parking lot. I'm a barber. I'm waiting to go into work after this. But I called you today because last June I was looking for a car, a vehicle.


I couldn't get approved for a car for credit. I'm 23 years old. I've been through debt like twice, like $10,000 worth. And I read your book, the snowball method. I got out like a 10,000 debt twice. And then I saved my money a little bit for a down payment for a vehicle. I have a son, I have a fiance. I live with my fiance's mom at her house. What's your question, hon? My my question is, I got a loan from my grandpa for like $35,000 for a Jeep Grand Cherokee. He was supposed to co-sign for me, but he didn't want it.


He didn't want the title in his name, so he just paid it off. So I made an arrangement with him to pay him and he wanted 5% interest. Okay, sounds good. Whatever. I paid $687 a month to him with the interest without the principal's like 6 0 2. And it turns out, it turns out this is not all it was cracked up to be. You're not having fun, are you buddy? Pardon me? This is not fun, is it? It's, it's, I'm, no, I could, I could have not. Why why'd you call? Why'd you call us? Because I'm, I'm throwing, I feel like I'm throwing money and I realize, okay, this is not an asset.


It's a liability. I, I make a decent amount of money where it's like I'm good at saving, but then I, I save more. I I wanna get my own house, my own property with my wife. Good for you. I work hard. Get rid get rid of the 35,000 car then I, I know. And that, that's, you Already knew that, that's before you called didn't you? I I did I You want Somebody else to say it instead of your own brain? Yeah. And my family's against me. 'cause I said like, okay, I might as well go to CarMax, sell it. All Right. I'll take an $8,000 loss. That's fine. I'll, I will, I will pay my grandpa back in a few months, then I'm out of that debt.


Right? Yep. And then whatever, I'll carpool my wife or I'll buy a beater. Buy a Beater. Why are they against you? Why do you feel that your family and bi family, is it just fiance is against you? No, no, no, no. My my, my father. Wow. Is he pay, is he paying the payments? No, I And he doesn't get a vote. Right? Right. You're like a grown man and stuff. I know. You get to decide this. Does your family want you to move out or are they convincing you? He's in his, he's in his fiance's mother's. Oh, no, no, no, no. It's nothing. Nothing. No, it's not my fiance. No, Your your family believes that they're gonna be in death their whole lives. They've lost hope.


I haven't lost hope in you. I think you can make it 'cause I think you've got a good brain. I want you to learn to trust your own brain. Your brain is telling you before you call that this is a stupid situation and to get out of it. Yes sir. And I agree with your brain. I think you've got a good brain. You can trust it. Not your dad's yours. Your dad's not a bad guy. He's just doesn't have any money. And you should never take advice from financial advice from broke people. Man. It's like taking diet advice from fat people. It's a dumb idea. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave. I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Jade Wasaw RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We started presale on my brand new book. It comes out April 15th and we started selling it yesterday. Thousands of you have already bought it. Thank you very much. We appreciate the endorsement of you going ahead. And the book is called Build a Business You Love. It is the system, the entree leadership system that we have developed. We know from counseling 10,000 businesses plus over the last many years. Plus what we've done at RAMSEY, growing it from a card table in my living room. That business goes through five stages. And there are six things that drive the business through those five stages. And that is essentially the baby steps for small business. That's the way it works. This is what you're gonna experience in small business just like you do with the total money makeover, with baby steps. So that's what this book is about. It's the detailed unpacking of the five stages in the six drivers. Build a business you love mastering the five stages of business. It'll come out April 15th and it's on sale today at Ramsey Solutions dot com in the store. If you pre-order, you get $350 in free bonus items.


Nice. Sal is in Philadelphia. Hi Sal, how are you? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. Appreciate it. Sure. What's up? So I'm 21 years old. I have a baby on the way. Congratulations. When's it due? July 14th. Awesome Man. Excited. Good for you. I have, thank you. I have my own business in pet care. I'm a dog trainer and I am $300,000 in debt. From what? So my question is, so my question is, do I focus on expanding the business, hiring and trying to be able to make the business self running so I could be as present of a debt as possible or focus on paying off debts?


Is the debt business debt, is it from you building this business? Is that where it came from? Yes. Yes. That's where it came from. Most of it. How did, how explain Is it, sorry. Why does it take $300,000 to train a dog? Yeah, So we started mobile. So I started the business when I was 19 doing it mobile, kept cost low, did it out of my truck. And then as we expanded we decided that we needed a facility. So we rented and then I kind of renovated a 4,000 square foot facility. That was in April of last year. So we, I took a home equity line of credit loan from my, from my dad, which I know now from listening to you guys is a no-no.


He just gimme, gimme a quick synopsis. If I bring my dog to you and say I'm dropping my dog off, train him. What does it cost me? What do you cost for service? I'm just curious. Our lowest package is 33 75 and our most expensive package is 8,000. Okay. And, and these are house pets? They're not service animals or anything. Some, some are service dogs, some are protection dogs. We work with a large range. You're doing protection dogs for eight grand. Wow. That, that's low. Okay. Alright. Now, so you, you spent money renovating someone else's building that you rent? Yeah. So getting, we did like walking kennels we had to put in But you don't own the building?


No, it's a rental. Oh, okay. So where's the three? You spent $300,000 on someone else's building. So the home library line of credit, the total of it was 20, I'm sorry, was 225,000. And then we used some of that to do employee salaries when we first moved in. We'd some, a lot of that for renovations and then also into marketing. Then we have $30,000 for a a van that we use. That I Are you profitable? Yeah. So last year we did $300,000 in sales. 40,000 of that was profit for our first year.


Wow. Lord. What's all the overhead coming? Well, So our total overhead per month is 17,000. Okay. And, and so what's your question hun? So do I focus on expanding the business? No. Hiring, trying. No. Okay. You need to make some money with all this money you've spent. Like you need to double your revenues with your existing facilities and your stupid $30,000 van that you did not need. Okay. You, you, you okay. You have never seen anything you wanted that you didn't go buy it, stop it. You're gonna run yourself out of business so fast. It's unbelievable.


You need to learn to ca organically grow the business. RAMSEY, invest RAMSEY Investments. Ramsey Solutions has grown from a card table in my living room to a $300 million business. And we've never borrowed a dime. 100% of our growth has been funded by profits. Little bit and a little bit and a little bit and a little bit and a little bit and a little bit. And so now you've invested leasehold improvements in someone else's building. How, what's the length of the lease you have? It's five years. At the end of five years, all that money's gone. If that guy wants you out, you've got to ize all of that cost in five years on 40 k profit. You can't even come close.


Did you know that? Did you realize that? Or you just didn't care? I'm just curious. Realize which part. Rental the part that you're, the part that you're leasing and that you don't own the building. So when your lease is up, there's no guarantee that you get to stay there with all the renovations you've made. So what I figured while going through the process of it, like I believe that the total cost of re of renovations alone that we did was between like 15, 65,000. But the goal was to then extend our lease once that five years was up. Yeah. That's a goal. That's a wish. That's a hope. That's not how you run a business. Okay. So what you as a young entrepreneur, what I would have you to do is I want you to concentrate on getting revenues up without spending any more money.


Would that include Employee, stop, stop, quote, expanding no work. How many employees do you have? It's just me. I work completely by myself. I thought you said you spent some of this on salaries. Where the heck did the 200 grand go? All I got 30 in improvements or 40 in improvements and a $30,000 van. Where did the rest of it go? You paid Yourself out of the loan. No, no, no. I didn't pay myself out of the loan. We had employees, we had up to three at one point, but then in October we got pretty slow. So I let everyone go. Oh man. Went down to just me working and then, you know, just map For while.


Okay. You have, you have, you have a $40,000 a year job that you own. So your job is to make it an $80,000 a year job that you own and then a hundred thousand dollars a year job that you own. You need to find out the most profitable areas of your business and grow those areas. And yes, you need to do it as far as you being at home with the baby fathers since time has begun, have gotten up and gone to work and babies have survived and you're going to work. My son. You have $300,000 in debt. You've made a mess and you need to shovel and you is the shovel. How much is the lease? Every month Lease is 4,200. Whew. Yeah. That's why you brought in 300 K and you're only, and you're only making 12% margin on a service oriented business.


'cause you've used it all up. Your margins ought to be double, Triple what they are in a service business. You don't have any cost of goods sold except dog food for god's sakes. He needs your book, Dave. And so, my goodness, yeah. I'm gonna send you a copy of the Entree leadership book, but, and jump in on the Entree Leadership podcast and start listening to it that I do on, on small business and so forth, because we've coached people exactly like you for for 20 years. And I love small business people. But the, the disease that you have is the idea that if I spend more, I'm always gonna make more. And that is a disease that doesn't work in business spending does not equal income.


And so you've, you've bought everything fresh and shiny and new and now you need to go make some money and you probably ought to dump the 30,000 van and get rid of it and get some of the money back towards your dad. Anything you can get rid of and still operate the business and get money back towards your dad, I want you to concentrate on making money, not spending money and quit telling yourself you just need one more marketing plan or you need one more purchase for this to go break through in business. If you are not the secret sauce, you're screwed. The other stuff around the dog training is, is window dressing. Your ability to look at an animal and teach it to behave is the secret sauce.


And your ability to teach other people to do that, that work for you is the secret sauce. It is not whether you have a van and it's not whether you have a rental property with a kennel in it. It's your ability to do your job. And so if you'll go do that and make a bunch of money, you're gonna be a great dad financially and you're gonna be fine. But you got a lot of work to do. And it's not unusual for a young dad to be working. It's not a bad thing. This is The Ramsey Show.


Have you gotten one of those texts recently claiming to be the USPS with some sketchy link to update your address? It's annoying and a little terrifying and you probably think to yourself, I should do something about this. But where do you even start? Well, as your nerdy friend who does the research for you, I found the solution. They're called Delete Me. And here's the reason they come in the clutch. The internet is packed with data brokers, which are these shady companies whose sole purpose is to collect your personal info and sell it for a profit. Enter Delete me, delete me. Swoops in, finds your info on these sites and removes it on your behalf. They even send you a report with all the details. And so far for me personally, they have reviewed 27,000 listings, removed my info from 240 data brokers and saved me 66 hours in the process. I trust Deleteme to help protect my family. And I trust them to help you too. You're gonna get fewer spam texts, fewer phishing emails, and fewer creepy robo calls. And Deleteme also makes a great gift for other people in your life that you care about. Individual plans start at just $9 a month. So take an easy step to protect yourself and your loved ones today. And as a RAMSEY fan, you'll get an extra 20% off any of their plans at join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY.


That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Jade Washau RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us and for hanging out. It's a free call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Mark is in Portland, Oregon. Hey Mark. Welcome to The Ramsey Show.


Something's not working guys. Lemme try again. Put everything on hold. And three, there we go. Mark, are you there? Yes sir. I'm here. Good. How can I help? Well, and 2012 my dad passed away suddenly from cancer. I'm sorry. And he didn't have a very concise will put together. He had, you know, directives when he died, he was taking care of his mother who was suffering from dementia and Alzheimer's. Hmm. Six months after he died, she died. And that left everything that was supposed to go to kids and grandkids and cousins kind of up in the air.


And then eventually everything was in my aunt's name. How so? Yeah. So how, now the, the, the good, how was that? Did it end up in her name? That probate? She was the Deciding that No, no probate. No probate. Somehow we skated by probate. Nobody was arguing about anything. My aunt happened to be the last surviving child and it just, it just went everything into my aunt's name because my dad's will was not in good shape, but my, my grandmother's was, but she died after my dad, so nothing went to him.


So I am in a position now to where like I'm the only person who has a steady job out of my siblings. And I'm trying to get my siblings and my cousins together. 'cause my my aunt's husband is also dead. So it's just my aunt and she is kind of going into a little bit of a mental decline. My siblings are are okay. Everybody knows who's supposed to get what From the aunt? From My cousins? Yeah, from, from the aunt because she's okay with everybody getting what they was supposed to get in the beginning. Oh, okay. The cousins, nobody's arguing about anything that they're supposed to get, But she's not put it down on a will And there's no judge involved.


Correct. Okay. So what we've got this, this is, this is the, the biggest struggle is my aunt's two children. The only bicker is over her own personal effects that she had and her husband had, has not about the properties, nothing that anything my grandmother had. Okay. They're fighting over those things and it's making it difficult for any of the rest of us to get a regular will set up. Okay. Well What's the value of all this stuff? All of this. If you had to guess. Okay, so I, I'm gonna be, I'm, I'm collecting rent on two homes there.


There's no mortgages. Everything's paid for. There's no mortgages. I'm collecting rent on two together. There're about 3 75 my brothers Brother. And those are to become yours? Yeah. Okay. All Right. If I were in your shoes, have you sat down in person and talked to your aunt and asked her to do a will? Yes, I have. And what did she say? She is reluctant to go along with it unless her two kids agree on what is supposed to be divided. That was my aunt's and her husband's. Do either of her kids have, you said she's got mental decline. Do either of them have like power of, of attorney or is that on track to start?


No, at any point I've been Are the Two, the two houses that you have, are they in your name or your aunt's name? It, everything's in the aunt's name. You're going to lose those. Okay. Okay. If your aunt does not leave them to you or deed them to you prior to your death, you're going to lose them because you do not have any standing in this family anymore. She has confiscated all the assets into her name, her assets. If there is no will will go to her children, you're going to lose these houses. And I, that, that's my struggle. No, you are, you have any suggest, I mean, it's my question. If you don't get this done, this is a 400,000 problem for you and, and your brother and your sister.


So if I'm you and your brother and your sister, I'm gonna grab my cousins and put 'em in a headlock and go, All Right you twerps, we need to get this straightened out because I'm not letting you take these houses. Y'all need to get over there with your mama and get this written down That that's what we're, we're struggling to do. Do you have like any suggestions and like how to speak to them in such a manner? 'cause headlock, headlocks won't work. They're a bunch of hillbillies, so Yeah, we all are actually. But you know, now they go, I mean, I just sit down with 'em and go, okay, do you think it's fair that I lose these properties? Because you won't sit down with your mom and get this other stuff worked out. I don't think that's fair.


Okay. And the other thing you could do is you could go to your aunt and ask her to quit claim deed the properties to you. Okay. So when, if that was to occur, would there be like some sort of like net gain tax? Oh yeah. Or Oh yeah, she'll have a, she'll have a, a gift tax on them? Well, she could actually, but she could avoid it by doing a unified estate tax planning document. But that, that's, it's easier to just do a will. Okay. But I can, you know, there's a thing, write this down. Unified estate tax, okay? If the estate tax is still in place and trump, the G P's currently looking at doing away with it on the federal level, but if that's still in place, you can use up some of her estate tax exemptions by, against her gift tax.


So she would not have gift tax if she files that document. But I've got a feeling this bunch of people doesn't file documents. They just kind of make up whatever they wanna do and think it works. So, and, and that's how it's been been. Yeah, that's their problem though. They have the gift tax, not you. So I'm gonna go over there and say, auntie, here's two, here's two quick claim deeds. I need you to sign these so the properties are in my name. Okay. That's The easiest, cleanest thing you can do here. And your brothers and sisters do the same thing because I'm afraid. 'cause otherwise this is gonna go to your kids and that's not fair. I need you to sign 'em right now. And I'm, I'm not getting up from this table until you sign these. 'cause they were supposed to go to my dad and they're supposed to go to me and you know that.


And I need you to sign these, put these properties in my name. That's a, that's a one page document, a quick claim deed. Go see an attorney, have that drawn up for each property and then have a notary notarize them and then you file 'em at the courthouse and the property is then in your name. It's over. Now she technically would have be due gift tax on that and she can avoid that within 12 months of her signing that over to you if she files under the unified estate tax credit program. But I got a feeling this lady's not doing any of that. She, she doesn't, this this is a lady. She's never even, I never had a job. Yeah, I know. I can tell. I mean, she, I mean she's raised, she's raised kids. I mean, that's worked too.


I mean she No, I don't mean that she's not got any level of financial sophistication. Not at All. Yeah. And so I'm, I'm like, yeah. And so you gotta you gotta roll over there and you're, otherwise you're gonna lose $400,000. That, that's the problem here folks in America. Everybody needs a


will. Hello. Everybody needs a will if you need it. If you got a simple estate, go to mama bear legal forms.com. It's very inexpensive. You can have it done by morning. If you've got a complicated estate sit down with an estate planning attorney. But everybody needs a will. It's not fair to the people you look at what his dad and his grandmother have done to him by screwing around and not writing this stuff down. That's wrong, y'all. You need to take care of your family better than that.


Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a quick second about student loan refinancing. If your payment and your interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan debt might make sense. That's because a lower rate could free up more money in your budget and a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5%, and you can get your interest rate even lower if you sign up for auto pay. But if your situation is more complex, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers, but for some people it is the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about their student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Hey guys, Dr. John Delony here. Finding time to intentionally connect with your spouse can be hard. That's why I'm excited to announce that Money and Marriage Getaway is back. Hang out with me and Rachel Cruz, November 6th through eighth in Nashville, Tennessee, you'll learn practical tools to better communicate, deepen your intimacy and more. Plus we'll dig into your questions with live q and as. Early bird tickets start at $749. But hurry, prices are going up soon and this will sell out. Get yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Jade Walsall RAMSEY Personality is my co-host. When we start talking about it, the word investing, most people's eyes roll back in their head going, and now I don't understand.


Now you've gotten complicated. This is weird. I don't like math. I don't wanna talk about investing you a bunch of nerd people. And I don't have a master's degree in finance and I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if you're unsure where to start or you're afraid to make a mistake. Our Investing Essentials virtual event is gonna teach you everything you need to know about how to get started and how to maximize your investments. It's happening March 4th and fifth, two nights, two hours each night. It's George Kamel and Dave Ramsey. Me. March 4th and fifth. Tickets are 90, $199. That's what they start at. Plus we're going to go into detail. Nerd V, for those of you super nerds that want to go into the detail, I'm gonna open up my playbook.


I've only done it one other time, and that was about this time last year. I did one of these events where I go into all of the real estate. I own several hundred million dollars worth of real estate. I love real estate and all of the proper analysis and the nerd analysis that we do when we're doing a real estate deal and how to properly unlock all of that and look at it. And it's two hours each night. One night will be almost all real estate. It's Live too, correct? It's live, yeah. Live Me and George Live investing essentials March 4th and fifth. You can get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events or click the link in the show notes and get signed up. There's usually a couple hundred thousand people on something like this.


So watching us. So, and by the way, we're gonna take questions live by email. Yeah. At the same time. So we stop in the middle of it. We don't, it's not just a straight teaching. George. And I'll have conversations, we're gonna answer your questions live. Some of 'em, obviously we can't answer a hundred thousand of 'em, but, but we're gonna weave in what is a regularly occurring question and make sure it shows up in there. And we really dig into this stuff. So it's not only gonna have the basics, which we've been teaching for years, but it's gonna have stuff you've never seen me teach before. And Georgia's really, really good at the nerd stuff. So we're gonna dig deep into this stuff.


Our question of the day is brought to you by why refi? If you're struggling with defaulted private student loans, why Refi offers a great solution to get you back on track for a low fixed rate or more flexibility? Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


All Right, today's question comes from Bobby in California. He says, should I purchase a home? I'm 48 years old and I have the cash to buy one outright, but my concern is I would be paying HOA fees, property taxes, and insurance, which equal what I'm paying in rent. Now I'm happy with my current apartment. Should I just keep my money in a high yield savings and have less worries that way? Or should I bite the bullet and buy a home as an investment for my future? I love this question. So first off, I mean, no matter what, no matter what you do, if you buy a home, whether it's on payments or you pay it off, or you buy outright in cash, you're always gonna be on the hook. If you have an HOA for the fees and the property taxes and the insurance, like that's, that's just part of the deal as far as should you buy the house or should you just remain where you are?


I mean, you're 48 years old, you've got the money, there's no time like the present. And for me, I kind of break down home ownership into two areas. Number one, it's like we say all the time, it's the biggest line item on most people's budget, right? And So we wanna create stability there. When you're renting, it's fluctuating, it's going up and down. You have to deal with lease agreements, all of that stuff. But when you purchase a house, it's yours you can lock in, especially when you're buying it outright in cash, right? And then the second purpose is it does help us build wealth. And so those are really, for me, the two primary purposes. And I think that you should do that. Otherwise, when you're renting in perpetuity, you really are at that point starting to throw money down the drain because there's no end to the process.


You're not doing it as a means to buy time so that you can buy. So, perfect answer. That's my answer. So Bobby, if you're 48, think back to when you were 28 in 2005. What was that? What was that house worth then? What is self worth then? Don't you wish you owned that? Now that's the same thing you're gonna have when you're 68. From 48. It's the same 20 year period of time. And so houses go up in value over time, unless you buy in an area that is a neighborhood in decline of some kind. In general, good, reasonably purchased, reasonable neighborhoods, single family homes over a 20 year period of time are a gold mine.


They go up in value, period. The other thing we can be 100% sure of during the next 20 years, your rent is gonna go up every year or almost every year a hundred percent of the time. Your rent is gonna go up. It does not go up when you own the house. The only thing that does go up is HOA fees and insurance and taxes. But that's not gonna keep up with rent escalation. I Think he more so has an issue. You know, you see that big nest egg in your account. Yeah. And he likes the way it looks in his account, as opposed To, yeah. But if that's, that's gotta be invested at 10 to 12% to even keep up with what that house is gonna grow to. And it's probably not. No, No. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm gonna go buy that house a hundred percent of the time in this situation, because 20 years from today, not because two years from today, but because 20 years from today, it's gonna go way up in value.


And 20 years from today, your rent is gonna have gone up in value. And as Jade says, you're stabilizing the largest line item in your budget. She's exactly right. Brenda is in Greenville, South Carolina. Hi Brenda. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, how are you doing? Better than we deserve. What's up? I, I do have a question. I'm 55 and I'm still renting. I raised my four grandkids. I have the past 21 years, and I just feel like I'm just too old to get outta debt. Oh, you're ancient. What? I can't believe old people like you ask questions. How'd you even dial the phone? As old as you are?


If you're old, if You're old woman, I'm 64. Who you think you're Calling? That's what I said. If you're old, there's no hope for dad. Well, I guess I just feel like I'm just, you know, I, I think about paying, you know, until I start listening to you guys, I, I think about paying a house and you know, usually it takes 30 years and No, it doesn't. By then, I'm no and no, and listening to you, you know, I, you know, I've learned a lot, I feel like. And So, what is it, have you got debt now? I do. How much I do? I guess about I, well, okay, so I did something stupid. Do you even have a insta, what is it?


YouTube or whatever video of it that my son showed me or my grandson that it says you pay $800 a month for a car. But anyway, that's me. Oh, Your car Payment. So how much do y'all on your car? 31,000. Okay. The same car. What do you sale? Straight down the street for 20,000. Gotcha. What do you, what do you, what do you make? I make 43,000 a year. Okay. All Right. And how much of the debt have you got, hun? I have rent $2,100 a month. Okay. That's not debt. Your, you rent a house, right? Right. Okay. That's Just your monthly, that's your monthly, okay. It's not debt. Do you have any other debt?


Credit cards? Just a few credit cards. Okay. I have two personal loans. Okay. So the, the big issue is you just bought a car that's way more than you can afford, right? Exactly. It's not fun. You're not having fun, honey. No. Not sell a stupid car. Yes. You want it, Sell it. Do you have any, any Cash? Well, who's gonna buy it? Somebody will buy it if you price it. Right. Do you have any money to cover that? It's upside down. 'cause it's upside down. $9,000. Right? It's up. Well, you can get Yeah, exactly about that. Right. Do you have any cash doored away anywhere? I don't any non-retirement money. Well, I, no, the only thing I have through my employee is a 401k.


And you can't get that out unless you're, You can't. Okay. Where's the car loan? Who's got the car loan? I have it through Santander. Through what? Oh, Santander Bank it's Called? Yeah. Oh, It's so, oh God, it's even worse. Okay. It is really? Do you have a credit union? I do. Good. And I tried to go through them and they asked me to pay on it another six months to a year because I was so upside down in it. Yeah. What I want you to do is I want you to go down there and I want you to get them to loan you the money for the hole you are in. Loan you $8,000. Okay? And then you sell a car and get you a thousand dollars car. Okay? Okay. And then you got no car payment and then you plow through that $8,000.


Then you got no credit card debt. No car payment. Now we can start talking about saving up and buying a house. Okay. I, I'm working now and I work at DoorDash on the weekends and sometimes at night, You're, you're not afraid of work. You just hadn't, you just bought something you couldn't afford. That's all. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. You're okay. We're gonna show you how to do all that. I'm gonna put you into Financial Peace University and show you how to handle money. 'cause you're not too old, honey. Definitely, surely not. If you're still sucking wind, you gotta shot folks. So, yeah, we'll, we'll teach, put you into Financial Peace University and EveryDollar. We'll pay for all of it, honey. 'cause I've been where you are where I'm scared and don't know what to do and people help me. So we're gonna help you.


You hang on. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine Learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Running a business is freaking hard. It's easy to get caught up in the daily challenges and fears that keep you stuck. That's why I want you to reserve your copy of our new book, build a Business you love, where we share the proven system that helped us break through those challenges and build Ramsey Solutions from a card table in my living room to a $250 million company in the process. When you pre-order today, you're gonna get more than $350 in bonuses for free, including an enhanced audio book. Experience early access to the Build a Business you love, ebook and instant access to our hiring playbook so you can start transforming your business right now. Build a business you love. The Essential Guide for every business owner like you that wants to grow yourself, lead your team, and scale your business. To reserve your copy, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Jade Walsall RAMSEY Personality is my co-host. If you don't know, we do this show three hours a day, Monday through Friday on the glass in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions. And you're welcome to come by. Anytime homemade chocolate chip cookies and coffee are on us. And sometimes there's two people out watching the show live and sometimes there's 200. So just come by if you're making plans south of Nashville in Franklin, Tennessee, beautiful little town, that's where we are, right off the interstate. Very easy to come by. In that lobby is a little stage we built called the Debt-Free Scream Stage.


And that's what happens there almost all the time that someone's on it. And that includes Davin and or Davin and Terry who are here with us. Hey guys, how are you? We're Good. We're We're good? How Are you? Where do, where do you guys live? Kansas City, Missouri. All Right. Very cool. Sorry about your chiefs. Oh no, It's okay. We're sorry too. Oh man. Too soon. Too soon. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Wow. Well, congratulations. You're debt free. How much have you paid off? $125,000. Very Cool. How long did that take? $60 and 77 cents. Say all of it. Say it again. $125,060 and 77 cents. There we go.


28. Zack, lack Lee. Alright. And how long did this take? 28 months. Good For you. Wow. And your range of income during that two years and four months? So we started at 89,000 and we went down to 52,000 for a little bit and then we ended at 1 0 7. Wow. Nice. What do y'all do for a living? I work in a factory. I'm in social work field. Okay. Wow. Good for you guys. So what kind of debt was the 1 25? It was a little bit of everything. Credit cards, student loans, a car. Well, two cards actually. Two cards. Yeah. Y'all were normal. Yeah, we were. Yeah. Yeah. Normal sucks. Yeah, it does. It's no Fun. A lot of medical bills and collections. Yeah. And now you're weird. Good for you man. What got your attention? What caused you to go on this journey a little more than two years ago?


Well, we decided to get married. Ah. And once we decided to get married, I think for me, just as a husband, I was like, oh, okay, I guess I need to start paying attention to this. So we sat down to start paying and she had $7,000 in savings and she put it on the debt and then that was enough for me to see. And I was, I was locked in and we, we were running from there. Yes. Was all your debt? No, it was both Of our debt. Oh, Okay. I was in a lot of student loan debt. Okay. Alright. A lot of student loan debt. Your degree for social work. Yeah. Yes. I mean you guys were living on nothing. How did you, tell us more about how you did this. 'cause at on 89, at some point you went to 50. Yeah. How did this happen? It was a lot of, A lot of work. A lot of overtime. Yeah. Yeah. That was really what it was about 55 to 70 hour weeks For.


So she didn't see you? You No, there was weeks that I was nights and she was days and we'd pass each other on the way out the apartment. So Wow. Yeah, Were like, we're on the phone and we're driving down the highway and we're like, Hey, I see you. Yep. I love you. See you on Thursday, Man. So two years of that. Yeah. To, that's hard. Yes sir. It was tough. Was it worth it? Definitely worth it. So worth it. Definitely worth It. You have the rest of your life with no debt, right? Yes. No debt because you're not going back. Right? Oh, never, Never. No. Yeah. Lots of sacrifices for sure. The number one question folks ask me is how do you stay motivated? And so I wanna ask you the same questions. How do you stay motivated? Two, almost two and a half years. What does That look like? I mean, you're burning the candle man.


You're getting it. I think it was a lot of talks about our future, just whenever we have kids, the legacy that we wanna leave and just having reasons that we're bigger than, you know, to keep going than reasons to quit. Yeah. So I think that was It for me. I think it was just a lot of prayer. There was times that we were, I mean ugh, we're so tired of doing this. When are we gonna be debt free? When are we gonna be out? And then just dreaming. We are running around and looking at houses and oh, one day we're gonna get there. So different things to just try to keep us motivated. But for sure what Was the dream As far as like getting our own houses is what I meant by that. Yeah. Like we we're wanting to have our own house and we want to just set up financial freedom for the bloodline.


Really? Yeah. Yeah. It's good for you. Change your family tree. Yes, For Sure. That's a big why. Yes sir. Yes. If you have a big enough why you can plow through some hard stuff. 'cause it's not forever. It's for two years. Two years Sounds like a long time. But when you look back you're like, Oh no, I mean we're done. Yeah. Mic drop. We're outta here. Oh yeah. Good for you. Good for you guys. Well done. What do you tell people? The key to getting outta deadish. Go to work A lot. A lot of work. And then just be willing to sacrifice. We missed out on family events and things like that, but I mean, at the end of the day it's all worth it. 'cause we don't owe anybody anymore. So we can People question your sanity. Oh Definitely. My Goodness. Yes. Yeah. People thought we were crazy. We're, oh, that's good for you but I'm not gonna do that.


You know, and people saying we need credit cards and we didn't agree on credit cards for like the first, I would say year, year and a half. Yeah. About a year of our marriage. I wanted credit cards for the points. And I tell people now that wasn't a good enough reason. I cut all my credit cards up about a year and a half. Wow. Yeah. And we hit the ground rolling like so, So, so has it happened yet that moment where the same folks who are saying Why are you doing this? Why are you doing this? Asking how are, how did you do this? How did you do? Oh Yeah. I think recently. More so now. Yeah. Yeah. I actually went live on Facebook not too long ago. 'cause I posted our journey and then people were like, how did you do it? So I was like, I'll just go live and answer you guys' questions. But yeah, everyone's wondering how we did that. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That's good. Good for you.


Well a man with an experience is not at the mercy of a man with an opinion. Right. So that's where you are. Congratulations. Very good stuff. Thank you. Thank you. Nobody can argue with your success 'cause it's your success, right? Yeah. That's where you are and Right. You wanna go over there and live that way. You can go over there and live that way. But as for me and my house, right? Yes. That's what we're doing now. How did you run into the RAMSEY stuff about the same time you get married? So for me, in 2016, the church I was attending at the time, they had like this financial class and they were telling us about the baby steps and the snowball method. And so I actually started paying off debt. Then slowly I wasn't attacking it like we did. And then, so I had paid like two student loans off I believe, before we got married.


And so that's how I got started. Yeah. Wow. And my, my dad, he told me about the show. So I was in the car with him and he was playing the show and he talked about The Ramsey Show and obviously I didn't listen at the time. And so then my mom gave me the Total money makeover book and yeah, it didn't really click to me until we decided that we were getting married. Yeah. And then I was like, oh, I guess I need to take this Seriously. Time to man up now. Yeah. Life events do that. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Good for y'all. Well done. I'm so proud of y'all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I bet you got, I bet you had to have some cheerleaders. Who was your best cheerleaders? Friends, family, parents, grandparents, siblings. Yeah, they're all gonna Be watching. I would definitely say our parents. Like both of our Parents. Yeah. I mean your dad's the one told you to listen to the radio.


Yeah. So Definitely. Yeah. Our family and friends for sure. Yeah. We had a good support system. Yeah. Good. Well that's necessary. 'cause you're gonna have the haters too. So you, you gotta have the, you gotta have angels and the devils both right there. Yes. Yeah. Good stuff. Well congratulations you guys. So We're very proud of you. Thank you. Very, very well done. Thanks for making the trip from Kansas City. I hope you enjoy your time here in Nashville. Oh, we did? Yes. Thank you to owe anybody So We can do. Alright. Davin and Terry, Kansas City, Missouri. 125,000 paid off in 28 months, making 89 to 52 to 1 0 7. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 3, 2, 2, 1.


We debt free. Woo. I felt that one. Woo. That was Good. They did it. They did it right. Well done you two. Jade. You know what occurs to me watching those two that, I mean, they're young. I didn't ask 'em how old they are, but they're young and that, and, and really, you, you probably even fall into the same category my daughter does for sure. Y'all have all grown up with a magic wand in your hand. And if you want something, you push a button, It's at the doorstep And you get it. There's an app for it.


There's something that, an easy button. It's a magic wand. Everything's easy. And it's not all easy, but I mean, it, it's ridiculous how, how quickly we can access information or things or you know, even solutions to problems. That's right. That, that are valid on in a digital world. That's all good. The problem is none of that does what those people just did. You know what they got Grit. And grit is not a digital thing. There's nothing easy about what they just did. I mean, they passed each other on the highway and sent a text. I love you. I'll see you Thursday. Did you hear what they said? Oh, I heard it newlyweds.


You know. Well what about life balance? Well, they didn't give a crap they wanted out of debt. That was their life balance. The life balance is, they wanted to be out of balance so they're in in balance the rest of their life. That's right. That's right. You know what they can do now. Anything you buy God want, when you don't have any payments, you, you're set up to do whatever you want to do. Now don't talk to me about balance. Those people got grit, man. I know that's right. They're getting it. I mean those people are heroes right there. Yeah. And if you want to teach someone something that you love, your kids, your grandkids, teach 'em grit. Teach 'em the ability to roll up their sleeves and do what those two got. I don't know where they got that grandparents parents, but those two are studs right there, man.


Yeah, they're amazing. Absolutely incredible. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now, actually starting. Well, that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on. EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out and what's left over for some fun, because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today.


Jade Walsall RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. This is the last segment for all of you unless you're on the Ramsey Network app. And then you can get the rest of the show on the Ramsey Network app. You can get the whole show on the Ramsey Network app and it's completely free video or audio, however you choose to view it. And a lot of other features, including, you can email this from the app, you get all kinds of searchable tools. It's, it's a great app for managing this show. And it's completely free and there's not a paywall and there's not gonna be a paywall. So go check it out, Ramsey Network app, download it and start using it and you'll get the entire show every day and be able to watch it there.


Randy's in Dallas, Texas. Hi Randy, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you. Appreciate it. Sure. What's up? My question is, is that my aunt, well my sister-in-law had my aunt picked up and she's about 90 years old. Had her what? Had her picked up? Not picked up by the police. Had her picked up and sent into a nursing home. Who, who picked her up? Well that's what we tried to find out. The police said that they didn't do it. So they convinced her they put her in the car. Who's They Convinced her? Well The facility, the nursing home picked her. They brought the little van over, loaded her up, told her they're going to the bank to sign some paperwork.


They signed some paperwork, which is transferring her account or adding their names to her account. So they have access The nursing home and then the bus. Yes. And then the bus went one way and my sister-in-law went the other way. Your sister-in-law was in the van? No, she drove behind him. So She set it, you're saying she set it up? She set it up. Okay. How is she Ken then? I'm, I'm a little bit confused. Sister-in-law. Her aunt. Your aunt? Correct. So this is your brother's wife, right? Correct. Correct. Your brother's wife put his aunt against her will or against the family's will into a nursing home.


Why? Well, she has property. So they figured that once they gain access to her, you know, her accounts and what she has, they figured they could cash her out and she'd be gone. They're, they're banking on the fact that she may pass away. Well, she will pass away. Everybody does. But the So what is all, what is all this, this property worth? Oh, maybe half a mill. So when you call your brother and say you're a crook, what are you doing? What does your brother say? He acts all confused. Says, I don't know what you're talking about. She needed to go, she's a mentally disturbed.


She doesn't know where she's at, things like that. Did she need to go, aside from the property, was it time for her to go? No, actually she's pretty independent for 90 years old. She still drives, she still pays her bills? Not anymore, No. Okay. I can't get her out. Do what? I can't get her out. We're barred access. We we're barred access from, from seeing her. By the nursing home. By the nursing home? Correct. Okay. Have you hired an attorney yet? Yes, we have. And it's very costly. And they told me they, he, they told me to sit down because they wanted to let me know what this would cost and how long this would take. Okay. And what'd they say? So we, We go to court.


This is not his specialty. He's, So why don't you get someone whose specialty it is? Is it like a man told, man told, is it some sort of a restraining order, order? What has to happen for you? No, he has to go to the court and the court has to appoint a guardian ad litem for this lady and take all the power away from the thieves. That is his brother and sister-in-law. That there you go second. And the judge can do, the judge will do that in 30 seconds. Once he understands what's going on. You just gotta get in front of the judge. Well, We get in front of the judge and lo and behold, the lady or the attorney who's overseeing her in the nursing home, who's her appointed her or her attorney.


They, they, the attorney that's working what we thought was working for her best interest, they're both working together. So they go in front of the judge. The The one you hired is working with the other attorney? No, No, no. So she has an attorney. So apparently they appointed her an attorney not allowing me to sit here and say, I've got an attorney. So you can bring your attorney if you'd like to. Here's the hearing. No, that's not how it works, dude. You, you can file suit on behalf of your aunt as a guardian ad litem and, and have a judge review this situation because you think a scams going on and a judge will look at it.


We, we do You need a new attorney? I think your attorney's an idiot. Yeah, we asked to have guardianship and she said, we'll take a look at that. So we have presented the information for that and they went first brought all these people in, brought a lady in that said, well she's, she has Alzheimer's, this is what's going on. So when we question her, she's been doing this less than a year. And she said, well, it's really not my specialty. So when we asked the judge, it's not even her specialty. She doesn't even know whether she can assess the lady mental state. They're like, oh. He goes, I'll take that into account, but let's continue on.


Wait a minute, let's just stop. You've been at this story for a while and the, I'm not sure we know how to help you. Everything I've told you to do, it sounds like you already are doing, so you're in court, you got a judge looking at it. That's where I was taking you immediately. You were already there before I got to you. So how, How can we help you? Well, the, the, the problem is, is every time we turn a corner it seems like we run into a dead end. And the thing is, is that the, the judge, the person that we thought we hired, not my attorney, but the person we thought we hired to help is basically building a case against us.


Who, why did you hire them? Well, we didn't hire them. They were, they, we, well we hired them to help and then basically they weren't really helping us because, so you Need a new attorney like what Dave said, the guy, whoever you're working, you need to start fresh. That's the advice. I mean I, you know, I don't know how we're supposed to help you. This is a convoluted mess and but it, you know, what you've gotta do is you've gotta get good counsel on your side and start making a solid case before the judge that what has occurred is that your brother and your sister-in-law have stolen a half million dollars from a 90-year-old lady and put her in a nursing home against her will. And that the judge needs to see that.


And then you've gotta present evidence that that's what exactly occurred. And he will undo all that if he believes that or she, the judge, whatever it is. And if the Lady is lucid, like he said, she Is, bring her up on the stand, the stand her up, put her on the stand. Well, you know, let's make an assessment right here in front of everybody. God. But anyway, that I, we're not experts in any of this. The only thing we're experts in stirring up trouble and it sounds like you're already doing that. So that that's the thing to do. How far do you wanna take this? How much do you want to invest in this? And you know, and then relationally, how are you gonna treat the crooks that are in your family from this point forward? Wow. Because that's the devastating part is that you've lost a brother in this process because you can't have any dealings with someone that acts that way.


And he's not confused. I don't care how he acts. He's not confused. As Dr. John Delony says, behavior is a language and he has spoken very loudly and you can try to blame it on his wife if you want, but he's a wuss, so it's his fault if his wife's running over him. So, you know, that's just ridiculous. Wow. So, and they put everything in their names. Now, possibly a 90-year-old lady does need some care. Right, Right, right. That's possible. But you know, and no one else was looking after her. It's almost like the question is, is the issue that auntie went into nursing home or is the issue the property? 'cause if the issue is the property, then he maybe needs to focus on that as opposed to getting her out the nursing home.


'cause that might be the right spot for her. Yeah. I don't know who her heirs are, but they, whoever they are, if he, if he's one of the heirs, should be upset about the theft that has occurred. So there's that part of it. But it is also possible that in a situation like that, that someone is in declining mental state and someone did care enough to get them some care when no one else did. And then you go, well my sister-in-law threw my aunt in a nursing home. Well, I mean, no, maybe she needed the care. That's true. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I don't know that about this case. I can't tell one way or the other. I I'm going on. Only thing I've got to go on is what Randy's saying, which is that's not what's going on here. But you do have that separate piece you're saying, which is the theft of a half million dollars.


Yeah. And so that's not caring for someone, right. Yeah. That's not taking care of 'em. So That's sad. Yeah. Is what it's it's a sad mess. It's horrible. Some people's children, wow. That puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books.