
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host. Today as we answer your questions about life and money, the phone number is triple eight Eight two five five two two five. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. Thanks for joining us. Daniel is in Kansas City. Hey Daniel. how are you? It's been better, Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve, sir. What's up in your world?


My wife is about to pass away and she hid debt from me. Oh My. That I, that I didn't know that she had pre to our getting married five years ago. Wow. I'm so sorry. So what, what is her illness? She has cirrhosis of the liver. Oh man. And it's not working. And she doesn't qualify for a transplant. And then it's starting to affect her other organs. Mm. Sorry. And she's kind of going into full shutdown. So you've been married five years? Yes, sir. I'm so sorry.


How old is she? She's 44. Oh My goodness. Woo. How old are you? I'm 52. Okay. Oh man. Okay. And you, you, you opened this with, she's hidden debt from you during the five years that you were married. So she ran up debt in her name. She ran up debt in her name pre to getting married back when she was in college. This is the second marriage for both of us. We have a, I have one daughter with her, technically a stepdaughter, but I consider her my daughter. Totally. And was saving money for her to go to college and I.


We were, I thought we were, anyway, debt-free except for our house. So the debt, the debt was rung up before you guys married? Got married. You just didn't know about it? I did not know about it. And how much debt? The, for her parents said she ran up $50,000. But I've only received a bill for 15,000. And it's on what kind of debt? Student loan debt. Oh. Federally insured. I, I don't know. I just received it the other day. It's actually from a bill collection agency. I, I don't have it in front of me.


I apologize. It's okay. Is it only, and you might not know this, is it only in her name or did her parents sign for it too? No, it's only in her name. Okay. Okay. Her parents offered to pay for her to go to school as long as she showed them the grades. And evidently she took the money, was in school for a hot minute. and I didn't know this 'cause she's hidden a bunch of stuff from me and used the money to go travel. Okay. And went to Europe and blew the money. Alright. Well let's talk through a couple of possibilities from a tactical standpoint. I'm sorry, Daniel. I know your heart's broken in about three different places.


The deception, the loss, the illness, everything that's going on here, that's just overwhelming. And all of that's just a tragedy. I'm so sorry. Student loan debt that is federally insured is forgiven when someone passes away. Okay. So if this is a federal student loan debt, there's no issue. When she passes away, you will, or her parents for that matter, can send them a copy of the death certificate and the student loan just evaporates. It's that simple and don't pay it.


Okay. Okay. That, that's probably what we're dealing with. Okay. Okay. Let's go another route in case that's not it. Let's pretend this is private student loan debt. That she borrowed it from the university rather than through FAFSA and all that. Right. And that is not, which believe she did. I'm sorry. I believe she did because her parents' income was too high for her to get fafsa. Well, this is student could, it could still no federal. There's no, there's not an income limit on getting a federally insured student loan. Oh, okay. I'm Sorry sir. Okay. So I'm, I'm thinking this is a federally insured student loan. If it's not, let's discuss that.


So the, do you own anything jointly with her in both of your names on it? The only thing with both our names on it is one car. Okay. Her credit, her credit from her previous marriage was, she's had two bankruptcies that she never told me about. 'cause I, I had money issues in my first marriage and got that all paid off. and I got your book, the Total Money makeover and followed that. Yeah. To get out of debt and to do all that, There's a mountain, mountain of deception here. Okay.


Alright. Let's pretend, let's pretend that this is not federally insured. I would have you con, if it's not a federally insured student loan that is forgiven upon death, then I would have you contact an attorney there in Kansas City on probate law in Kansas. In most states, when someone passes away what they own stands good for what they owe and nothing else does. Just because you're married to her in most states does not mean you're liable for her debts that have her name on it. Okay. And so the car is hers, a portion of it.


And if the car has any value above what is owed that might be sold and paid towards this debt. But other than that, you don't have anything that is, she doesn't own anything. It doesn't sound like No, sir. She does Not. Okay. So let's pretend that she were single and she had a car and that was all, and she owed more on the car than it was worth. And you pass away with credit card debt and student loan debt. There's no assets to pay the debts. Those creditors get nothing when that person passes away with nothing. Your kids aren't responsible, your parents aren't responsible.


And in most states, your husband is not responsible unless, especially in a situation like this where the debt occurred prior to the marriage. Yeah, absolutely. So I, I'm not an attorney in Kansas. I'm not an attorney, but I'm not an attorney in Kansas for sure. So I'd want you to check that out. You won't have to bother and do that. If you can discover that these student loans are federally insured, and I'm giving you a high probability they are. If they're federally insured, it's no issue at all. You got no issue. You're not liable. Period. No one's liable. No one pays anything. If someone becomes permanently disabled or passes away with a federally insured student loan, it's forgiven.


It's gone. It's gone. Okay. So, so you're okay. Other than your broken heart Okay. And your broken heart from losing your wife and to, to liver cirrhosis, cirrhosis of the liver and your broken heart from all the deception that's gone on. Yeah. And both are legitimate pain, brother. I'm sorry you're facing all this. Yeah. He's got, he's got to get in counseling and, and deal with that because he's got a lot going on. He's got the loss, but then it's tough to lose someone that you're angry at or frustrated at Yeah. For something that's gone on. Right. Yeah. And so definitely, Obviously she had a pattern of this in her life. Yeah. And and now it's coming to a tragic Yeah.


Conclusion. So tough. Wow. Ouch. Ouch. This is The Ramsey Show.


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan. If. you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the, the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone, and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


Jade Washau, Ramsey personality is my co-host today.


Well guys, black Friday deals are here early. Whether you're shopping for yourself or you're looking for the perfect gift to help someone get their money in order, now's the time to shop and get hardcover books and assessments for just $12. Audio books for just $8. Rachel Cruz's brand new book that came out yesterday, the third kids book in the series. I'm glad when I can share. It's here in time for Christmas 1999. Whether you're shopping for your own kids or your nieces or nephews, you can gift the joy of giving this season. It's fun and relatable and it helps kids discover why generosity matters. A lesson that will last a lifetime. Don't wait. Check out our early Black Friday deals today. Get gifts for everyone on your list at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're on YouTube or podcast, just click the link there in the all notes.


Rachel's with us. Rachel is in Cleveland, Ohio. Hi Rachel. how are you? I'm doing well, thanks. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? I have a question and it is, can I con, can I reasonably consider home ownership in my future at my salary point? It is. I make about $42,000 a year before taxes. I work full-time in ministry. I love what I do and it's just, my question is, can I retire well someday and have home home ownership as part of my future? How Are you ably? how are you? 35. Okay. Alright, cool. I think that it's possible. I think that right now you make 42,000, but I can't imagine that your salary will never go up.


So I think that there's an opportunity there, but it is gonna depend on the decisions you make today. So my first question would be, do you have debt? Tell me a little bit more about your snapshot here. Okay, so I do have a little bit of debt. I have about 7,000. I'm working on paying it off according to my figures. I'll probably be debt free by June or July. Okay. I've paid off about 12,000 to date so far this year. Good For you. Very good. Okay. And so after that, you're just walking the baby steps through which anybody can do. The, the speed in which this happens is going to be directly reflected by your salary. So I'm not gonna say that it doesn't matter. And there is something to that.


And then the other part of this is, okay, are we choosing an affordable place to live? You're in Cleveland, Ohio. I mean, what's it cost for you to buy something for, are you single? I am single, yes. Okay. and I? I don't live quite in Cleveland. I live in a small town. I've seen quite a few houses recently for between 80 and 120,000. Okay. It would be kind of what I was looking at. That's Very doable on your income. Yeah. And what I would do is we've got a really great home mortgage calculator. It's like, how much home can I afford? And so if I were in your shoes, I'd be trying to put real numbers to these question marks and I'd say, okay, first things first. Yeah. How, how, how long is it gonna take me to pay off this 7,000? Then how long is it gonna take me to save three to six months of expenses then?


And and a lot of those equations, if I were you Rachel, I would reverse engineer them and say, okay, for three to six months of expenses, let's say I need $10,000. If I do the math on what I'm making now, it's gonna take me X amount of time. And then you get to decide, is that timeframe okay with me? Because if it's not okay with me, what do I need to do to make that go faster? And even though that you're in ministry, I gotta believe that you've got time on your hands to add to your, your income by doing a side hustle. Right. I do have a second job. I work about 12 to 14 hours a week in a second job. Okay, cool. Okay. Hey, what is, what is your ministry? What do you do? I work in a children's ministry. We are basically a discipleship program for kids.


Good. Very good. That's about as worthy a thing as I can think a human can do. Way to go. Okay. Proud of you. thank you. thank you. So here, here's the thing. The probability that 15 years from today, you're 50 years old and you're doing this exact same thing, making this exact same income is zero. There's no chance. Sure. Okay. You'll either be making some more, you might still be there doing this, but you'll be making some more. But even the probability of that, just saying, okay, I'm gonna be making 50 2015 years from now doing the exact same thing and I'm a 50-year-old single lady doing children's ministry.


At that point, that's fairly low. I mean, you're pretty much Mother Teresa if you're doing that. Okay. You just got the one thing and you stuck with it all the way through. Right. And that's not a bad thing. Mother Teresa's obviously had a good gig. Right? So you know that that's fine if you go that direction, but it's just not the normal path for a typical person in America. And so what oftentimes happens is the, that you find other ways to serve children and you, you scale it and your income goes up and your expertise and your experience becomes more valuable in the marketplace.


It might involve a move, it might involve some kinda life change in your situation, I don't know. But, but typically what happens is, is that people progress through their life. Right? And so, and, and that includes their income and, and sometimes it means some stair stepping on their careers and those types of things. So I think that's really your future. I just don't know what, I don't know how to describe it exactly, but I think we can all agree the probability of you being 50 and making exactly the same money, doing exactly the same thing is very low. So, and even if I do, there's a slight increase every year. Yeah, I do know that much. Yeah. But I'm just saying even that's a slight increase. It's not 42. So the average household income is 78,000 in America.


That's household. And that includes a whole lot of dinks, double income, no kids. Okay. So that, that's calculated into that. So your, your income is slightly below the average today. And that's not a sin. There's nothing wrong with that. And that doesn't mean you can't do the stuff we just talked about, but you just kind of, kind of keep that that's my deal. And, and, and then you're in ministry and the stuff that we teach is biblical principles of finance, which is stay outta debt, save money, live on a written plan. Those are all from the Bible. Live on less than you make. Those are all from the Bible. And if you do that and start investing a portion of your income into a good Roth, IRA, you could have a serious amount of money at retirement and not have a substantial change in income.


That's right. If you stayed this track exact Yeah. You're just committing to a more modest lifestyle at the end of the day. And there's nothing wrong with that. That's your value that you get to choose. Yeah. Don't, don't call me. You can't call me and say, I was forced to buy a new car. Right. You can't call me and say, I, I was, I was so tired and fatigued from ministry that I, I took a year off and went to Europe. You can't call me and do that. That's not, no. you have driving, you don't these options, you don't have the money to do that. So you're in a steady thing and you're gonna to be a steady person that, but I like your $80,000, a hundred thousand dollars house idea. It fits the numbers you're giving me. You're not, you're not being a princess in this, a negative princess in this discussion.


So I don't hear that coming from you. But you don't have those options. Yeah. You're driving a used Camry for the foreseeable future. Exactly. Exactly. And, and that's not a bad thing. It's not a bad thing. I think that those are the choices that we make when we decide, you know, where our passions are gonna take us in life. CareerWise. So godliness with contentment is great gain. Rodney is in Atlanta, Georgia. Hi Rodney Welcome to The Ramsey show. Hello Mr. Davis. I'm actually, I'm in South Carolina. Okay. That works too. How can I help? Yeah, yeah. Yes sir. I'm, I just got a question. A few, a couple questions. I'm in pretty good shape financially. I have managed to save in cash and sitting at a bank $142,000 way to go.


and I don't I have zero, I have zero consumer debt. No loans. No, no, not anything but my mortgage. I, I owe $165,000 on my mortgage and which I'm gonna be able to, if I have another good 2025, I'll be able to pay that off next year. So what are, my question is, do I, do I put anything down on my house now? Do I, 'cause I've been thinking about just writing a check for a hundred thousand dollars and putting it straight towards the principal and only owe the 65,000 on it and then just pay it off about this time next year. Yep. Yeah. Yep. What, what's your interest rate on the mortgage?


3.7. Okay. That's what you're making on that a hundred k. When you do it something like That, You're saving 3.7% on a hundred K. Okay. About how much? Okay. 3.7% on a hundred thousand. Okay. Yeah. 'cause you just paid, you're not gonna be charged 3.7% on that a hundred thousand 'cause you paid it off. I just paid it off. and I might pay more than that. I don't know what your emergency fund of three to six months of expenses is, but that's all you need. Everything above that ought to be dumping towards that mortgage. We're on baby step six and wide open. Way to go. Rodney. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ Ramsey and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


Jade walsall RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today,


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal student loans. Why Refi refinances your defaulted private student loan and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. So kick your private student loan outta your life by going to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in all states.


Alright, Today's question comes from Alex in Florida. He says, I'm 42 married with no kids, and my wife and I are retired. We clear almost $10,000 a month from our pensions. We own brand new vehicles that should last us eight years or so. We own a waterfront home, but we are tied, but we are tired of the heat, hurricanes and insurance prices. I bet you are. If we buy our dream home for $1 million in cash, we will have over 400,000 in the bank. We have no bills other than our normal expenses. So we save on average $7,000 a month. I never dreamed I would be contemplating paying a million cash for anything I've been penny pinching and saving for so long that it feels weird to spend.


Is this a stupid idea? Let's see. You're 42 married with no kids, you've got this pension. I would love to know what his current investing rate is. If he's continuing to invest any of this money. He doesn't mention any of that. He'd still have 400,000 in the bank. Let's just pretend that that's it. A lump sum is gonna double every seven years. So when he is 52, it'll be 800 and plus. So almost a million by that. I'd probably do it. Dave Would Would you do it? Absolutely. I'd pay cash for it. Yeah. There's no reason not to. My only concern would've been you're Sitting with the money to do it. What else you gonna do with it? Take out a mortgage and put the money in an investment. No. Well the only other Option would be pay for house to invest it.


Well, only option, other option would be to buy something less expensive in cash. In my mind, that would be the only other option. I don't see a need to. I don't Either. I think you buy it. Yeah. Pay cash for it. No, you're not stupid. It is an emotional thing to, you've been sitting on money to let that money go into a house, but it's not like you're spending it. If you, if this goes sideways, whatcha gonna do, sell the house for a profit later? I mean, I mean, here's the thing. He's probably, most of that money probably wasn't just sitting in an account somewhere. I mean, he's selling the waterfront house to get it apparently. So that's exactly what you should do. You take the equity, maybe he adds a little cash to it and purchase this house outright.


Yes, absolutely. And let's see here. We own a waterfront home. It doesn't say if it's paid for, but you know, I'm, yeah, I'm with you. I'm guessing based on this, we're gonna sell that and that's some of the million dollars. But anyway, the answer to your question is yes. Yes. Pay cash. Pay cash, pay cash. Pay cash. P cash now and then take your $10,000 a month and I'm with Jade. You ought to be investing some of it. And you, your 400,000 doesn't need to be in the bank. That's A good point. It needs to be in, in some good investments. So get with a smart investor pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com. Find someone that we're endorsing in your area that you get comfortable with that has the heart of a teacher start learning about good investments.


The bank is not on the list of good investments. John's in Boise, Idaho. Hey John. What's up? Hi, thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can I help? So my wife and I just pay off our house and my first instinct was to go ahead and ramp up our retirement contributions and try to max those out as much as possible. Absolutely. But then I'm looking back at what we currently have in our retirement accounts and we got about $623,000 sitting in traditional. And I'm wondering, based on our ages 36 and 38, if it would make more sense instead of maxing out new Roth contributions, if we should instead maybe try to focus on converting some of that, those additional or traditional contr traditional retirement contributions to Roth.


You oughta do both. You ought to max 'em out and then start working on converting it to Roth. But I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna choose between the two. I'm gonna max out first and then I'm gonna get to the above that I'm gonna get to it. What's your income? About 2 0 5 household income. Okay. And you got no payments and you live in Boise, Idaho, no house payment or anything, so. Correct. You're, you're gonna, you're not gonna be able to do that 600,000 in a one fell swoop anyway. You don't have the money. Right? Well, I mean we also have some like home upgrades and wife's vehicle needs to be upgraded. Okay. So I'm kind of looking at the extra money beyond maxing out retirement.


You know, a lot of that's gonna go that direction. That's Fine. But that's not a for everything. And once the homemaker upgrade's done, the car upgrade's done, then you can start to peck away at it and five years from today you're gonna be making more than 2 0 5. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. So just, you know, you're 30. So take a seven year plan and let's get that 600 moved by the time you're 40. Right. While maxing out, while upgrading the cars, while doing all of this other, you got room. Right. And then the balance of that traditional at 6 23 now is gonna continue to grow. Yep. So it's just gonna be more taxes that time goes on. Yep. But that's, that doesn't change it. I'm still gonna do I'm, because here's the thing, you've got that under the umbrella.


If you stop putting money under the umbrella in order to flip that out, I, I think that's a bad move. I want you to get out. I want you to get it all over into Roth. All mine's over into Roth. I moved it all over, but I paid cash for it above and beyond maxing out everything and above and beyond being completely debt free and above and beyond upgrading cars and fixing the house. And so, you know, but, but I, you're not gonna be able to do it quickly unless your income doubles. But you're, you will be able to do it over a five to, you know, a 10 year period, seven year period, whatever. I mean, you're not gonna be 45 asking this question. I can tell you that mathematically. Okay. So and so you'll be fine.


You're gonna get there and, and you know, but yes, I think that is a good strategy to move traditional to a Roth. At what point? Okay, I'm trying to think through this. I'm thinking of a good question here. So if you're listening to the show and you say, oh man Dave, like I've contributed to a, a traditional 401k most of my working life, I've got a lot over there. At what point do you go, this is too much to move? Or, and or what's an, what's a fair percentage to have in traditional verse Roth? Maybe that's the better question. At end game, I don't want you to have any in it. Right. But if you're, if you've been doing that, That's okay. I mean, but I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be continuing traditional.


I'd move everything to Roth today. All on fresh contributions and end game. I want you to move it all out into Roth over a period of time. And here's why. Let's, let's fast forward this 33-year-old to 65. Sure. Okay. He's not going to cash all of this out suddenly at retirement anyway. That's right. And very likely this guy making quarter million dollars a year at 33 years old is gonna have a bunch of other non-retirement investments like Dave. Right. Okay. I got a bunch of non-retirement investments called real estate and other things.


Right. Mutual funds that aren't in a retirement plan. So the chances of me actually touching, I'm 64 of ever touching my retirement accounts. It's close to zero. Yeah. I will never touch them. So now what are we doing? Well now we're looking at 72 and a half RMDs required minimum distributions. Yeah. I don't have those 'cause it's Roth. Yeah. Inherited IRAs. They are taxable if they're traditional. That's right. If they're Roth, they're not dinging. So Rachel Cruz and her brother and sister will be getting someday all of our Roth products.


Yeah. No taxes. And guess what, let's say I live 25 years from today. That's right. 64 to nineties. Right. Put that, put what's in there right now. All tax free, all dropped into their name tax free. Talk about changing a family tree. My mind is exploding. The the numbers are astro economical. Oh yeah they are. I mean it's cray cray how big those numbers are. Woo. You. And that's where this kid's going. Yeah. Because he's gonna have other investments by the time he gets there. And if he gets all of this into Roth, he's got the inheritance benefit, the no RMD benefit. 'cause you're really probably not gonna use that money to live on.


That's very good. This is the blueprint. Yeah. I mean 'cause he's, this guy's not looking at a $2 million net worth here. Yeah. He's, this guy's looking at at 12 million net worth. He, He's gonna be very wealthy. Yes. Okay. If he stays on this track because the numbers we're giving him with comp power compound interest is magical people, this is beautiful man. You are a bright guy, John. you have, you gotta run these numbers out that it'll blow your freaking mind.


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill Mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today, Stacy is in Spokane. Hi, Stacy Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. thank you very much for having me on. Sure. What's up in your world? Yeah, so I would like to just get an idea of how to deal with our situation. My husband is up in age. He is actually 72 going on 73. He has been working all his life. and I am only 49. I have health issues that prevent me from being able to work a full-time, regular job. And so currently what happened was, recently last year we were living on a friend's property taking care of the father and the, the hu the the father of the son that lives there.


And we were doing really well. My husband was working, we were doing just fine financially. Unfortunately we didn't have a home there. And we, we were told that the owners of the property, which is multiple family members were having a dispute. And so we were having to get out of that situation due to the circumstances. And when we saw what was happening after Covid and everybody losing their homes and losing rentals 'cause people were selling their rentals like crazy. We also had pets, which was restricted us from getting into a rental.


So we decided to go ahead and purchase a home knowing that technically the, the economy wasn't great for doing that. My husband makes about with social security included. 'cause he gets his retirement social security as well as his income. That is about 90,000 a year. We purchased a home last October at the price of 4 23. Good Lord. And unfortunately the, the interest rate was at 6%, like, like 6.2. And so right now, currently I still owe a school loan debt of about 20,000. I was hospitalized this last summer and now owe $10,000 for a one night stay.


And so, and then also my daughter, there's no schools in our area that are safe for her to attend unfortunately. And so we had to send her to a boarding school. What Does that mean when you say there's no, what does That mean in Spokane, Washington? The schools are not safe to attend. Yeah, I was born in Spokane. Tell me what that, what does that mean? So actually we are actually in northern Idaho, but like right next to Spokane. And so In rural Idaho, the schools are not safe to attend. Right. They, I'm Not buying that The, they've been pushing the pull gaping, you know.


Okay. Save is one thing I don't agree with. What they're pushing is another thing that's a different Yeah. That's very different. Okay. So what I don't, I don't have a problem with that. Okay. Now, yeah, so, so what's The Question? Why don't you sell the house? Yeah. You bought a house you can't afford. Right. Sell it. Right. And then go with, Well move to something. you have moved to something you can afford. Okay. You bought A house you can't afford. Yeah. And to your point, you're in a rural area that's far less expensive than anything that'd be close to a city. So there should be options. Right? There are options Actually.


Unfortunately the areas out here are really, it, it's gone up just from the one Year year, Stacey, there's not a situation. There's not a situation where there are no options except sit there and be bankrupt bull. Okay. You keep pulling the plug on everything seems to be forced upon you and you don't have any choices. You don't have any choices. You got choices. You didn't have to send your kid to boarding school. You could have up sold the house, moved to a school system you agreed with in a $200,000 house and had no issues. Okay. You Weren't forced into any of this, but you know. But the language you use is as if you're a victim of your own choices. You're not a victim. Change it.


Yeah. Sell a stupid house. It's a freaking house. It's a bad decision. And you bought it and then you justified it as if there was no other choices. Of course there was other choices. There's always other choices. We have pets. Well, there's lots of choices with pets. And I'm not gonna bankrupt my family for pets. I love my dog. It's one of my favorite people. But I'm not gonna bankrupt my family for my pet. Yeah. I, I also wanna challenge the fact, and she said she wasn't working. I know she said health issues, but I always filter at this point, whenever we get calls where someone is struggling to work, whether it's because of a disability or health, I always tell this story.


I bought two recliners on Wayfair. They didn't work and I sent them back and all of the customer service was done via text. and I realized there's somebody on the other end doing this whole thing on their computer at home via text. There are jobs out there that you don't have to have contact that you can be on your own timeline. So I even want to challenge the fact that you're not working. I bet there's something that you can do. So there's a lot in this conversation that needs to be accounted for. Yeah. We've gotta get on top of this and in front of it rather than behind it. Everything's not chasing you kid. You gotta start chasing life instead of it chasing you. So sell the house, move into a house, half the price, get the kid back outta the boarding school, homeschool 'em.


If you're not working, homeschool your kid. Alright. You can control the the woke agenda that way. Yeah. And you know, there's a lot of, lot of options here. There's a lot of options. But you guys just keep reaching over and doing crap you can't afford and then you're shocked that you're broke. Yeah. And in this situation, you really need to have some foresight. When you've got a 72-year-old husband and you're 50, you've gotta start thinking through what the future holds and how you're preparing for that because it's gonna hit you like a ton of bricks. Now Sharon is slightly older than me and She is planned for me to die first. So I'm not sure what that means exactly. I need to sleep with one eye. Possibly. All of our estate plan is predicated on me. Predeceasing her. I'm a little worried about this.


Of course She is in much better shape than me. But other than that, you know, it's just, come on. Yeah. So I mean Yeah, you're right. And and I'm not 20 years or whatever it is. Yeah. 15 years older. So there you go. So, all right. Open phones at Triple. Eight. Eight. two five. five two two five. Connor is in Pensacola. Hi Connor. What's up? Hey Dave, this is, how are you? Better than I deserve Sir. How can We help. So I made some bad financial decisions right when I turned 18. I thought credit meant I was rich, so I Me too. You're the only one Connor. Yeah. So I decided to, I was gonna start my own lawn care company.


It worked all out. But I ended up taking out a loan for a truck. While I did that. I ended up selling the landscape company. Not for much. I mean it was just, it was 1300 bucks. I ended up moving to Florida from Minnesota and I'm just trying to figure out how to get out of this loan as I have no reason for a truck anymore. and I, I owe about 31,000 on it. Whoa. It's worth about. Yeah, it's, I owe about 31,000. It's worth about 26. What Do you make? I've gone down, I make $2,400 a month. What do you do? I just got a job doing logistics sales For $30,000 a year.


It's 40,000. So it's, I mean it's really 2,800 a month. But I mean there's potential for commission on after. how are you? Six weeks of I'm 21 years old. Oh, okay. And you're working 40 hours doing that? I working about 50 an hour or 50 hours a week. But I'm on a base salary of 40,000 a year. Mm. After 26 weeks of training I'm eligible for uncapped commission. But there like, there's really no guarantee that you'll make commission. Well It's how hard you work. Yeah. Alright, so yeah, you're 21, you're in, you're in a place where you just moved to, you don't know anybody. You need six more jobs. Take it to 80 hours a week. You need $5,000 to write a check and cover the difference.


So you can sell the truck, right? Correct. Yeah. Yeah. I want you to go get $5,000 ready, set, go. Then you're gonna have to figure out a way to get something in cash that you can drive around And Yeah. Get you a $5,000 car. So we really need, we really need $10,000. Yeah, that was kind of my plan is to just kind of get rid of this loan and just buy a car. Cash. You can do that. Just not have a, you can do it man. But you're gonna be living on beans and rice and you're gonna increase your income and there's no eating out. There's no happy hour. Yeah. And I hope you got a, a Roommate. There's no weekend trips with the buds. You're a broke dude with a truck you can't afford. And the way to get out of that is go to bare bones and attack it with a vengeance.


Yeah. And Get you a roommate. Oh, there we go. Ding ding. This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau Ramsey personality is my co-host today. This is a baby steps millionaire's theme hour. We're going to talk to real millionaires and ask them how they did it. we started doing this theme hour several years ago because I kept hearing all the mythology and the marketplace, the lies that are out there about where wealth really comes from.


People don't seem to know where wealth really comes from. So let me help you with this. A millionaire is a million dollar or greater net worth. There is only one definition of a millionaire. It is a math process. It's not up to you to, it has nothing to do with your feelings. It doesn't care what your feelings are. Okay? What your assets are minus your liabilities. Is your net worth what you own minus what you owe? Yeah. Not a salary. That is your net worth has nothing to do with your income.


And when your net worth determines if you're a millionaire, when you have a $1 million or greater net worth, whatever you own, minus whatever you owe. And there's no qualification on that. This is an accounting term. And just because you're on TikTok doesn't mean you get to change it. This is a definition. And so someone that makes a million dollars might or might not be a million do a millionaire. That is not the definition of a millionaire. When people say net worth millionaire, that's redundant because 100% of real millionaires are no millionaires based on their net worth.


You don't need to put an adjective in front of an adjective. It makes you look stupid. So it's just a millionaire. That's all it is. So we're gonna talk to people that really have that net worth and ask 'em where they got it. And that's what we do here. The phone number's triple eight. Eight two five. five two two five. We're starting with Charlie and Stacy in Midland, Texas. What's you guys net worth, Dave? We think it's about 10.8. Hey, hey. Way to go guys. Okay. Gimme a little breakdown by mix on that. How much of that is like investments or retirement real estate? So on. We both have an IRA and they total about 2.5.


Got two, got two houses, 1.4 and then got 6.7 in investment account, high yield savings accounts in land. Way to go. Wow. Good for you. How old are you? 2 61. Six, one or five? 1 61 61. Good. Okay. How much of this 10.8 million did you inherit? Oh wow. About 250,003 years ago when my mom passed. After you were already millionaires? You bet. Yeah. Okay, cool. and I haven't spent a dime of that inheritance.


Okay. And it, and that obviously that's not caused you to become a millionaire 'cause you already were now income. No. Your, your lowest income since you've been working and your highest income since you've been working. I think when I got out of vet school in 1990, I got one of the best jobs in my class and I made $24,000 health in health insurance for my family and a car to drive. And that Was one of Stacy. You married a rich man. 24,000. I love it. And what's your, what's Charles? What's Charles's? Best year of income.


Oh wow. Last couple years. Half million or so. Okay. Way To go. So now you own a vet practice, obviously I sold it. Ah, I did. Oh, what'd you I I've lost the fight for 34 years. Yes. Okay. So What portion of the net worth came from that Would you bring from that cell? Oh, that was a bunch of, that was just realizing equity in the business. But then there was some goodwill on top of that. But you gotta hear what Stacy she taught when I was in vet school. She can tell you what she taught and coached two sports for when we were going to vet school. Okay. Y yes. I taught elementary pe I coached basketball and track.


I also taught freshman high school physical education and my starting pay was $15,400. Way to go guys. Way to go Teaching and two teaching in two sports. Way to go proud of y'all. So what, what would can, do you think people could still do this today? Oh, it's easier today than it was when we did it. Dave. Why Way Easier? There's so many more investment opportunities. There's, we didn't have five 20 nines for the kids. We didn't have college savings accounts, we didn't have health savings accounts.


We didn't have 4 0 1 ks like they do now. When you think back to the nineties when I found out about you, when you're the only vet in a small town, you get to go out in the middle of the night and in the mid nineties you had the prime time on radio. About three in the morning I did. In Midland. In Midland, Odessa, I remember this. That's Right. Yes. And that's where I heard about you. That's where I heard about you. Wow. So that's crazy. It's So much, it's so much easier, I think today because when you think in the nineties there, I did not know what a no load mutual fund was.


If you were gonna buy stocks, you had to buy a block a hundred at a time or something like that. And now you can buy fractions. You can, it's gotta be so much easier now than it was for us. Yeah. The the vehicles are a lot cleaner. You're right. And there was no Roth. There was no Roth back then either. No, there was not. No Uhuh. I agree with you at all. So what do you guys drive? She drives a Subaru. Yeah. And I drive a threequarter ton. Aggie. Maroon. GMC pickup truck. Aggie maroon. Is that, that's a particular color they sell in Texas. Is it? I'm Sorry about the volunteers. I really am. I'm sorry about the ball.


So how important, how important is budgeting? Were you guys budgeters, does that play a, a part in building wealth? Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. Jade, we followed the envelope system and I carried around envelopes the white envelope with I penciled on each envelope, you know, where that cash was going to go, whether it was going to the grocery store, gas, the kids' needs, and the envelopes played a huge part. Wow. Because it just, it really gave a visual. Yeah. I'm, I'm a visual person and it, it showed how much money we had and, you know, to use.


That's right. And when it was gone, it was gone. And starting off with the program, I was a little hesitant, but once we got started, boy, we stuck with it and we just went crazy with it. We also made our kids listen to, to the show on our trips when we Traveled. Wow. Yeah. First Charlie stuck with me in the middle of the night and then the kids are with the trip. Hey, I'm proud of you guys. That's amazing. $10.8 million net worth. It's where money comes from. Boys and girls. I love it. Way to go. Charlie and Stacey Hero, both of you're heroes. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our lives who we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the great Jeanelle Thompson. He taught me how to be a dad, a husband, a professional, and how to balance caring for a bunch of people all at the same time. We all know of somebody else we can be grateful for, but there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're surviving, that we're moving forward, and that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything's gone bonkers, it's not always easy. So here's my reminder to thank the people that you love. Thank the people in your life and thank you. Sometimes we need some professional help to talk to somebody trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at any time. So it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Well, it's decision time again, every year during open enrollment, you have the chance to check in on your insurance and make sure it's right for you and your family. Whether you have health coverage through your job, a private company or a government program like Medicare. You don't have to figure this out alone. We have reliable folks we trust to help you get the right coverage for whatever stage you're in. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash health coverage.


If you believe a lie, an untruth and you act on your beliefs, which everyone does act on their beliefs, It leads you astray. In other words, if you, if you thought one direction was north and that was actually south, you acted on a lie. You acted on a, the, the, an untruth and you, you get what's known as lost. Right. You didn't, you know, that weighs Florida. That weighs Maine. Yeah. And you can't head towards Maine and get to Florida. Well, you can. It's just a long way around. Right. you have go all the way around the globe. But the but, but you and, and the same thing's true with will building wealth.


And that's why we started doing this because there's so many people out there lying. Some of them intentionally, and some of 'em just 'cause they're ignoramuses about where wealth actually comes from. Here's one, all wealthy people get their wealth by being crooks. That's just completely asinine. Here, here, lemme give you an example. Okay. That guy was a veterinarian. Okay. If he was a crooked veterinarian, overcharged, people would take their animals somewhere else. Yeah. His business would be outta Business if he, if he stole from his customers, they take their business somewhere else. Instead, he grew a large business by not being a crook, by being an honest guy.


Sold the business later and became very wealthy as a result of doing that. So crooks actually do not prosper. Well, crook you can, you can prosper as a crook, but it's not sustainable. It's not a long-term strategy. And so what we find is most wealth building is long-term. Now you can become wealthy for a hot minute being a crook, but we don't find the typical millionaire to be a crook. As a matter of fact, we find the percentage of crooks among them to be lower than the general population percentage of crooks. And, and so, because one of the issues is integrity has a, it seems to be correlated with building wealth.


Do you also feel that people have sort of a negative framework or an improper framework about millionaires? Because a, they're thinking of celebrity status, they're thinking of people who have 200 million and all the, they're not thinking of the everyday person that might have two or 3 million or eight or 10 million. Right? Yeah. Well, they've gotten the confused between the difference In a billionaire and a millionaire. A billionaire has a jet. Right. A millionaire does not, A billionaire has seven cars. A millionaire is driving a, what do you call it? A an aggie maroon. A pickup truck. Yeah. Okay. Right. And you know, a a billionaire has five houses.


A millionaire has one medium sized home. Yeah. You may not, you may not know the person that's sitting next to you Has, you generally won't know it. That's right. Okay. And, and the methodology to build a billion dollar net worth is different than the methodology to build a $10 million net worth. Substantially different. That's right. Okay. And neither one of us being a crook, but I think people get confused and I think they get a negative view on wealth because some of the uber rich are just weird humans. They're just, just, I won't name any Names. Well, they're just wacko. They're wacko. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, they're not, they're not who you want to be. That's Right. Yes. Oh, but that veterinarian, I wanna be him. Yeah. If you're a young person, you could wanna be that guy.


He's a man of character, a woman of character. She taught phys ed at the high school while he was going through vet school. Right. Shut up. He made $24,000 a year when he started shut up. You do wanna be that couple. They're people of, of character, of, of substance. But you don't these wackos that are on TV and stuff. And here's the thing, here's the interesting thing. I I, I'm not gonna be a wealthy because I'm not gonna be a celebrity. Well, only 1.6% of millionaires in the United States are celebrities. Wow. Sports figures, music people, actors and so on. And a lot of them are just weird. Yeah. 100%. Not of 'em. Not all of 'em. Some of 'em are normal people Sure. That just play get fiddle. But, but, but a lot of 'em are just weird.


I mean, I and I know some of 'em that are weird. I mean they're weird and so, you know, that's not normal either. Yeah. but it, what is normal is the guy we just talked to. And that should give you people great hope. If you're sitting there going, where's all the hope is gone in America? No, it's not. It's not gone. Don't let people steal your hope with bad information. That's what this is about. Matt is with us in Kansas City. Matt, what's your net worth? My net worth is approximately 1.5 million. Woo. Good for you. Gimme a little breakdown by category. Alright. We have $60,000 that we keep in cash just in the bank. Just for emergency fund.


Got it. We've got about a hundred thousand dollars in five 20 nines for our children. Good for you. We've got about half a million dollars in American funds. I've got, we've, we've paid our home off. It's worth about 400,000. And then there's a bunch of other things that kind of break up. We've got a 401k that's my wife's that's $155,000. She's vested in a pension. I'm vested in a pension. She has a retirement plan that's worth about $203,000. Cool. If she were to cash it out, I've got a deferred comp through my work that's got about 70 or 80,000 in it.


Gotcha. Matt, how old are you? I'm 45 years old. Cool. Wow. And how much of this 1.5 million did you inherit? We inherited zero. Zero. And what was your worst year of working income in your all's best year of working income? Well, I would say when my wife and I first got married was probably the worst. And it was probably around 60,000 combined. Okay. What do y'all, what should been your best year? Probably this last year was right around 200,000. Wait A go. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a state trooper and my wife is a business analyst for a large global company that does pet food.


Got it, got it. Okay, cool. And what do you got a, have you got a four year degree? I do, yes. I have a, a four year degree from, at the time was just from a state college and I taught high school for three years before I changed careers. What was your degree in? I have a, a teaching degree in secondary education. Gotcha. Okay. What was your GPA? My GPA was about a 3.75. Good for You. Well done. Okay, cool. Very good. What do y'all drive? My wife drives a 2020 Jeep Wrangler, a four-door Jeep. I drive a 2001 Jeep Wrangler and I newly acquired a Harley Davidson motorcycle to replace one that I'd gotten rid of.


And we also own a brand new 2024 Toyota Sienna minivan for the kids. And I've also got a 2018 Ford F-150 that my 16 year old's gonna be driving. When Did you, your 16-year-old has a better car than you have? He does. I just want him to be in the, I want him to be in the safest thing. He could be in it. Yeah. You see, you see some stuff out there on the road, I'm afraid, but Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I've seen a few things. Yeah. Yeah. When did you get serious about building wealth? Because you're 45 years old, somebody is listening, they're maybe 40 or 43, and they're going, gosh, how did this guy do it? When did you get serious? We were very fortunate.


My uncle Doug gave my wife and I a copy of the Total Total Money makeover. This was probably, I want to say about 15 years ago. And my wife, my wife is on the financial side of things and she just ate it up. It was really quick for her. Everything worked for her. We did envelopes, we did peanut butter and jelly. We did all of those, those things that were talked about in the book. And so a 15 year horizon from the time you learned the plan till the day that you're calling in today, basically? Absolutely. Wow. And when we, when we started, we had car payments on two cars and a house payment.


So, and maybe a little bit of credit card debt, maybe just a few thousand dollars worth of credit card debt. So your baby baby steps millionaires, I mean, this is pure, you did Ramsey all the way through? Absolutely, yes. Wow. Very cool. I'm proud of you guys. And yeah, we're currently using one of your investors in the Kansas City area, and he's been really good to us. You know, no complaints from us at all. Wow. Proud of you, man. Very, very well done. Congratulations sir. And thank you for being out there protecting the people of Kansas on the highways and byways brother. Very cool. $1.5 million net worth in 15 years from being broke.


Wow. That's a good question you asked there. Yeah, it, well, I wanted to paint the picture because people think that this takes 40 years and 50 years to do. Our average in our millionaire study that we did is 17 years. This took 15. Yeah. And he's way above. He's above a million. Yeah. Good. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks, and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years, and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join. And Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Hey guys, George Kamel here, and it's that time of year again. The store shelves are packed with little Debbie's Christmas trees matching pajamas for you and your dog. You know who you are. And giant inflatable Santas for the yard. I'm not mad about that. And speaking of inflation, Americans are about to spend close to a trillion dollars this Christmas and get this one third of that spending will be swiped on credit cards. Yikes. Now I get it. You want the holidays to feel magical and you wanna have a good time. But trust me, there is nothing magical about staring down a mountain of credit card debt come January. So here's the deal. If you don't want January, you to hate December, you, I've got a money hack for you. Download, the EveryDollar app. It's free to get started and you could find an extra $400 of margin in your first month of using it. See, with EveryDollar, you'll keep your holiday spending under control. You'll track your expenses, you'll make a plan. You'll stay accountable and maybe even set yourself up with some sweet New Year goals. So skip the post-Christmas regret and download EveryDollar for free in the app store today. Your future self will. thank you.


It's a baby steps millionaire's theme hour. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. We're talking to real millionaires. What you own, minus what you owe, is your net worth assets minus liabilities. When that reaches $1 million or greater, by definition, you are a millionaire. Well, Dave, a million dollars is just not enough anymore. Well, that we're not discussing that today, Dave. No one should have that kind of money. This is not a moral construct for you socialist to discuss. It's a math thing. It's a facts thing. So If, you have a million dollars. It's that simple. We wanna talk to you. I don't care where you got it.


If you stole it, that's fine. Call us and tell us. Okay. If you want in the lottery, call us and tell us if you, whatever. I'd love that story to come through if somebody stole it. Yeah, we'll put you right here on the radio and see if we can't get you convicted of your crime. But yeah, but I mean, really, I mean I, we've, I've talked to a lot of winners. Yeah. I talked to people that did the GameStop thing and that got a million dollars out of it. You know? Well, I mean, do it. People that did it weighs Bitcoin. Guys. I've talked to them. They got a million dollars. I've talked to people that did it weigh, I don't recommend. And that the data tells us are not normative. Yeah, they don't normally work. But I'll talk to you. I don't care. I want to hear, I want everyone in America here where wealth really comes from.


So you call eight eight Eight two five. five two two five. Diane is in Sacramento. Diane, what's your net worth? 1.2 million. Good for you. Woohoo. And gimme a little breakdown by category, please. Well, pretty simple. About 300,000 in home equity and 900,000 in IRAs. And an active 401k. Good. Good for you. How old are you? 69. 69. Very good. How much of this 1.2 did you inherit? Not a penny. Zero It all. What's your best year of working income and your worst year of working income? Working income? Oh, probably about 95.


And my worst year was when I was just 18 and started working about 4,000. Gotcha. Okay. Long time ago. I hear you. What was your, what was your career? My career has always been in the insurance industry. Good for you. Okay, good. And do you have a four year degree? No, I do not. No. Okay, good. Very cool. All right. Do, do you think people could still do this today? Absolutely. Why? I think it's, I think they need someone to give them guidance and encouragement and I don't know, but one of the things I'm proudest of are my girls, because they're both doing it.


And they started hearing this from me at a very young age. And when they were in positions, jobs with 4 0 1 Ks, they both started contributing. Yeah. And I'm excited to see. One of my girls just showed me her 401k balance the other day, and she's just in her mid thirties. and I was, I was so proud of her. Yeah, Very good. So, Yeah, she, She's gonna be, she's gonna beat mom. They are. They both will. Yeah, they absolutely will. I did not start investing until I was 40 at the strong encouragement of a coworker. And this was in about the mid nineties before we knew an awful lot about 4 0 1 Ks and certainly before the Roth IRAs.


But I started at investing a very tiny amount because my friend Bruce would not let up on me until I did. And you never, you never made over a hundred k Never in my life. Hmm. Wow. I'm proud of you. What do you drive? I have a 2015 little Subaru that's my commuter car and a 2018 ram half ton pickup because I'm a mountain girl. Like it. I do not live in the city of Sacramento, but It, I in The foothills. Good for you. We head head to the mountains on the weekends. I like it. Oh no. I live in the mountains. Oh, okay. Alright. You sound intentional. You've been intentional about putting money aside, intentional about teaching your kids the same, you know, way of life.


How much has a budget played into this? Because we know that that's a big part of this, right? Being intentional with your money. Oh, Absolutely. Absolutely. I started, when I first learned the Excel product back in the mid nineties, that was when I created a budget for myself. And that developed into a document that I now project out a year ahead of my monthly expenses and my allocations and when things are coming up. So, you know, it, it contemplates savings, it contemplates money going into my 401k, you know, vehicle registrations, all the little details of life. and I, make sure that I pay myself first.


I started maxing out my 401k in my very early fifties with some home equity. Rather than putting all of the equity into my next home purchase, I reserved a hundred thousand. So in the last 20, in the last 20 years, what's your, what do you do for fun? Enjoy my home. I've always enjoyed living in the mountains. It's always felt like a vacation destination for me. It is. So for me, my fun is coming to my home. It's working in my yard. And that's my fun. I I do like to camp, but I don't do much of it anymore.


But my fun is pretty simple. I, I don't require elaborate vacations. I like coming home very good and sitting on my house and looking at my living room window to all the beautiful trees that surround me. It's, it's lovely. Life is good. Good for you. Im proud of you. It's very simple. Very, very well done, Diane. Excellent. I love it. I love it. I love it. Megan and Raleigh, North Carolina, what is your net worth? Hi Dave. It is 1.9 million. Yay. Very good. Gimme a little breakdown by category please. In Roth IRAs 351,000 4 0 1 KS 276,000. Our non-retirement investment and savings, 260,000.


And then our real estate portfolio, 1.062 million. Good for you. Way to go. How old are you? 35. Wow. Get it. Wow. I love it. Love it, love it. How much of this did you inherit? My husband inherited $50,000 when he was a junior in college when his dad passed. Okay. Did that money becau cause you to become a millionaire? Absolutely not. Okay. Alright. And what's y'all's best year working income and worst year working income? Our worst year we made about 77,000 and our best year. Two 20.


Good for You. Wow. Good job. What do y'all do? What's your careers? My husband is a major in the army and I work in healthcare it. Got it. Okay. You got a four year degree? We actually, between the two of us have four graduate degrees. Wow. You collect them. Okay. We, we do also three were employee employer sponsored and one was fully cash flowed. Wow. I was gonna ask about that. Wow. Okay. So what's the fanciest of the four degrees? We Have a PhD in the bunch. No, no. They're all master's degrees. Okay. Okay. All But my, my fanciest one, I would say it sounds cool, is cybersecurity management and policy.


Ah, yeah. That's big. Good for you. You're right in the hot seat right now. And your GPA when you were doing that particular degree, 4.0 I got a feeling. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Good for you. Well done. Well done. Can people do this today? Yes, Absolutely. Well, crap, you're only 35. Of course they can do it today. All right. Well I wanna know, how long have you made? 220,001 Year. Just, I just wanna clarify, I always hear the voice of the naysayers in my mind and so I like to debunk it. And when did you get started on this journey? 'cause 30 five's really young and I mean you're one point, I mean, two $2 million really is where you're at.


So when did you start this? Well, I first got plugged into The, Ramsey Show back in 2019. We had bought a house. We didn't have any other debt. So we were fortunate in that even before I met my husband, we were both very financially savvy and new. Not to spend, spend more than you made. But I got pregnant with my daughter and instead of getting in that nesting phase of setting up the baby's room and everything, I got into the financial security mode. Love that. And there was just a particular lifestyle I envision for our family. and I wanted to be able to have the financial means to do it.


Did it So, So avoiding debt in six years of being intentional about what comes after paying off and avoiding debt. Yeah. Way to go, kiddo. Proud of you. Well done. Wow. $2 million net worth at 35 years old. Winning. Ding ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. She wins. Yeah. This is The Ramsey Show, folks. The Ramsey Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in her daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now.


Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Jade Washau Ramsey personality is my co-host today. This is a baby steps millionaire's theme hour. Folks, we just land launched a brand new tour. Dave Ramsey, that's me and Dr John. Delony are hitting the road and coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. And we're putting a new twist on these live events. You are going to shape the conversation each night in the pre-show. We're gonna give you a list of topics and you're gonna pick the ones you want me and John to talk about that night. And we're gonna walk out and do it.


Louisville, Kentucky, April 21, Durham. That would be April 23. Atlanta, April 25, Phoenix, may five, Fort Worth, may seven, and Kansas City May nine. These tickets are selling briskly. If you want to come, you should get one before they're gone. Go to Dave Ramsey Dr John Delony. Our join. Dave Ramsey. That's me and Dr John Delony. Live in person that night. You're gonna laugh, you're gonna cry, you're gonna learn. Your ribs will be sore. Where your spouse is elbowing you. All of that will happen. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. The money and relationships tour, you can always look at the live events we're doing all over the place on our homepage and check in.


There's all of us doing stuff all over the place all the time. Now, Diane, two callers ago, 69 never made over a hundred thousand. That is one of the myths, one of the lies that are out there that you have to make six figures. Yeah. $500,000 a year. 600,000 a year to be a millionaire. You don't. As a matter of fact, we did the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America. We studied 10,167 of them. The conclusions of that research and the methodology of that research are the white paper in the back of my bestselling book. Baby Steps Millionaires and Baby Steps Millionaires goes through the discussion of where millionaires come from in detail.


So if you wanna learn about the millionaire subject, the study is in there. And also the bestselling book is in front of the study. One of the things we found in the study was 33% of millionaires never made over a hundred grand. One third. Wow. That one surprised me. Yeah. I was, you know, if you'd told me not over 200 grand, okay, sure I would've, I could've go with Alan, but 33% never made over a hundred grand. They fall in the category that Diane fell in. Pretty cool. Richard's in Kansas City. Hey Richard, your net worth 3.1 million. Great. Good for you. Gimme a little breakdown by category. Basically joint account 117 emergency fund one 10 401k, which is now a rollover.


'cause I am recently retired. 1.167 million. And then we have, my wife and I have Roths at 750,000 and a donor count at 56. Our home's about 4 25 farmland's four 50 and miscellaneous items about four, about 40,000. Cool. How old are you? I'm 57 years old. Good for you. Well done. How much of this did you inherit? Well, I did inherit a little bit, and that's part of my story a little bit. I got 200,000 when I was 35 and 200,000 when I was 45. Wow. Cool. Good. Very good. So that did really legitimately boost this. It did. It did. But the way I look at this is the 401k.


My goal is to always to get a million over that and, and did that. but it helps. But the big thing I find is one thing that I don't always hear you talk about, but you do, is people inherit things and sometimes it's a woo-hoo moment. Now we're gonna go out and spend money, we're gonna go, we're gonna go buy that big car or that big boat. But my wife and I kept away from that. And so I like to feel that I did it without those things. Yeah, well what you did was you got the best use of that, but you've got 1.1 in your 401k, so you would've been a millionaire anyway. Yes, absolutely. But you, but this did legitimately, I mean the, the 450,000 farm probably had something to do with that.


Some of these other cash positions probably had something to do with that. But your 401k has to be payroll, deduct. It's not your, none of that inheritance can go in there legally. So I know that didn't where that came from. Well that, and you know, my wife worked outside the house part-time and raised our kids. So we were a one income household. And then with her, what she brought in, it was one of those things where you basically had to learn how to do without, and we did in those early years. Yeah. And we had two young successful kids and I think they've learned from watching us. and I gotta tell you, when they used to hear your music come on, when we'd be driving down the highway, their heads would hit the ground.


Ah, I love it. Whats your, what was your career, Richard? I was in packaging. Packaging for my career. All right. Yep. All right. Very cool. Good for you man. Hey, thanks for the call. You're a hero man. I'm so proud of you. Excellent, excellent work. Okay, baby steps millionaires theme hour. Alright, Jade, we found one that actually inherited some money. Yeah. And here's the statistics on that because that's one of the last lies that we want to defeat. Okay. When we studied the largest stu, when we did the largest study airtight research, an outside research firm looking over our shoulder so that we weren't doing confirmation bias, we wanted to get the surprises of the study, we wanted to learn where it really, really is, what are the facts?


And this study is so airtight that this is, these are, this data is what's known as the truth. So if you disagree with the conclusions of this study, you're what's known as wrong. That's what I'm saying. Okay. That's right. So 79% of America's millionaires and have inherited precisely zero. That's eight out of 10. So when the wealthy equality socialist communist people are whining and crying and say, we need to restructure society because all wealth is inherited. They are either ignorant or evil or both.


Got it. 5% of millionaires inherited a small amount, like $5,000 from their grandmother, which is not enough mathematically to cause you to become a millionaire. And another 5% inherited money after substantial money, like a couple hundred grand after they were already millionaires. So it did not cause them to become millionaires. So what I'm gonna help you with this, 79 plus 5% plus 5% is 89, 90%. Nine out of 10 of America's millionaires are not millionaires because of inherited money.


So don't let some left wing communist professor tell you that in college, don't do it. I mean, I'm just sitting over here thinking even if it was inherited, even if somebody did inherit money, who cares? It's not bad. But don't but don't tell people that's the only way. Because if you don't have a rich uncle that tells you you don't have a chance. That's true. I mean, but there's People like me, people like, like you, we don't have a Chance. We have, yeah. I never even knew the idea of inheriting money until, Yeah. I never thought of it never, never occurred to me that was going to happen. Now it's not to say if you inherited money, you did something wrong. I mean, our last caller got 400,000. It was part of his equation and it, it didn't cause him to be a bad guy. He wasn't a bad guy. It's nothing wrong with inheriting money, but it, there is something wrong with telling people.


That's where wealth comes from as the primary Yeah. Methodology. And it's not, it is a methodology. It's like telling people, people get wealthy playing the lottery. Right? No, they don't. Well then there's a part of it that if you, if you paint that as a negativity in your brain, then it's never something for you to aspire to, to say Exactly I'd like to leave an inheritance. Right. Because now you've told yourself this is an evil, horrible thing and so therefore you'll never do it either. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm a hundred percent sure it's the opposite. That it is a godly thing. 100%. 'cause the Bible says a godly man leaves an inheritance to his children's children. Yeah. So those grand, those eight Ramsey grand are going, it's gonna turn out well for them.


Thank goodness. That's Great. Yeah. Assuming they have the character to manage it. Now, if you're doing heroin, you don't get any money in the RAMSEY estate plan. That's not how it works. But, you know, you gotta be an upstanding citizen and that That's right. But, but it, but the deal is, 'cause we're not raising trust fund babies snorting cocaine on the back of a yacht, doing a reality show. I don't have any need to produce those. Other people can produce those. I don't wanna do that. But, but that's not the norm. No. The norm is good people work their butts off and they don't ruin their children. That Richard Guy, his dad left him 400 grand and two blocks and it didn't ruin him. As a matter of fact, it didn't even hardly change anything.


He was already had learned to live on nothing but two broke kids being successful. He was talking about that. And you know, he, he did a great job and the money just accentuated his life is all it did. That's right. Made him more of who he already was. Yeah. So don't let people tell you that wealth is evil or that wealthy people are evil or that it's the wrong thing to aspire to be successful. This war on success on in our culture has got to stop. We need to teach people to go win and how to go win. That's what the show's about the book is Baby Steps Millionaires, check it out. That puts this hour of The, Ramsey Show in the books.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play Store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bottom Bing, bottom B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.