
Welcome to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in your life. We're gonna help you win in your money, win in your profession, and win in your relationships. The phone number to jump in today So we can coach you up is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Alongside the incomparable, the doctor is in sign is hanging above my head. Dr. John Delony. What's up? My pal and seatmate, if you will. And I'm Ken Coleman. And So we are here for you today, so no money personalities, but we know the basics and we're gonna help you out. We're gonna, we're gonna get behind some of this stuff. So excited to have you with us. Corey's gonna start us off. John in Detroit, Michigan.


Corey, How can we help today? Thank you for taking my call. You Bet. What's going on? My wife and I are kind of trying to think in the future and we know that our wealth is gonna be significant and we're just trying to figure out when do we start to give Yes. Tell us about this, this wealth. We, we know we're going to be wealthy. Give us a picture of what's going on and when it happens. We're currently at around 900,000. Okay. And my wife and I are teachers, So we have a pension as well. We is about 320 in Roths. We have 210 and our four 50 sevens.


We currently max out our Roth, our four 50 sevens every year. And then we have two additional properties besides our single residence. And those are paid for? Yes. So what's your net worth? 900. Around 900. Okay. So what, what is the question? I, I love how John answered. He's absolutely right. So what, what is the specific giving strategy or question marks you have around this? What are you pondering? So We, we live comfortably as we are and as we're saving and our kids colleges are taken care of and our goals like are set and we know we'll achieve our goals. We question is, is like, when do we, when do we stop building our wealth and when do we start giving it away? What if it's both and exploring That Part.


It, it's both. And do you, do y'all not give at all right now? At this moment, no. Okay. Hmm. What has inspired the, the question about giving? We've sat down and we've paid off our properties. We are, I mean, we're saving 35% of our income and we still are comfortable. So we're realizing that we have an excess. Hmm. Yeah. But back to John's question, is there a specific cause something that has spurred this on where you want to give, you're wondering about it? Well, we're maxed out. We have a child that's going to be leaving daycare going into kindergarten. That's when we kind of really sat down and what do we do with this additional money? So we're trying just to figure out do we continue investing?


Do we keep building wealth? Yes. Or at what point do we start to share? You do both. I, my my, my honest answer would be you start to share years ago. 'cause I think, I think generosity is, is a, it's a, it, it's, it's a, it's, it's a position. It's a, it's a stance you take on, on the world. When you look at giving as a number, we'll, we'll start doing X when we get there, what most people find is their life continues to grow. Their, their needs and their expenses grow with them. And that number, just that, that finish line keeps moving and moving and moving. So giving is a way of being. It's, it's a, it's a way of going through the world saying, I got struck by lightning in that I married, well, my jobs have been stable.


I've worked out, I was left in inheritance. I worked really hard. I owned a small porta potty company. And then all of a sudden some guy bought 40,000 acres next to us, and now I'm a million, like whatever the posture is, or I'm a person of faith and everything, every single breath, it takes a blessing. And so I'm a pass through. I'm gonna let this thing, I'm gonna let so much of this go back to those who need whatever your position is, every single psychological study, every single faith community throughout all of human history has wired into it, generosity, giving, being a pass through. And so for the sake of your soul of soul, not like in a, like in a go to church or you go to hell, and that's what I'm talking about.


But for the sake of your spirit, of your soul, your marriage, your kids, yeah. Start giving today. Find causes that matter to you. Find moments that matter to you. Find people that, that you see that we can be a blessing towards and begin to practice it. Yeah. And, and Ken, I tell people practice this in little ways, meaning wait until you see a, at a restaurant, when you see a waitress who's working five different sections because people didn't show up on their shift and she's exhausted. And your food's a little bit late and tip her a hundred percent of the tab and write her a note that says, we saw how hard you're working and we're grateful for you. Do that. And then just watch her when she, when she opens it up. Yeah. Do small things like that.


And then find somebody at your kid's kindergarten who can't afford the tuition and, and tell the headmaster, Hey, we'd like to pick up somebody's tuition. Just let us know. Or be more strategic about it once you, once you think about it. But it's just a posture. Yeah. Corey, did I hear you say you guys are investing 35%? Yes. Yeah. You know, look, here's what Dave has taught for years. And, and of course we, we sing that chorus as well. What we teach is, is in the baby steps. Are you familiar with the baby steps? I'm assuming you are. Yes. We went. So we went through 'em and paid everything off and Sense. Exactly. So you get to do whatever you want, but we've prescribed for 15% And you guys are in great shape. So you could say, we're gonna go back to that and we're gonna invest 15% and we're not gonna stop.


Okay. That's the, when John and I have said yes, and that's that. Now, if you wanna do more than that, you can, but that's the rule of thumb. And you're in great shape. So at which point you now go, okay, if I'm gonna invest 15% or 35%, then whatever's left over, how much of my income am I going to set aside for continuous giving? So John's right, you can, you can give where you are, however you're moving throughout the day, you'll find opportunities to give. But for strategic giving, then I would put a budget number on it. And so let's say you said we're gonna do, for sake of discussion, let's say you're gonna go back to investing 15% and that's the continuing build.


But then you go, okay, we're gonna, then we're gonna take that 35, we've been investing, we're only gonna invest 15, and we're gonna take 20% of our income. And that is now our giving fund. And to John's point, if you feel generous And you wanna leave a $500 tip that comes outta that number, if you want to invest in a nonprofit, a mission organization, your church, some type of charity, I would find a cause that's near and dear to both you and your wife and something that, that, that has a story attached to it that connects to you all's story. I think that's a great way to do it. But you get to decide. But, but I, I would just start immediately doing it. And you've got the margin. And so now if you're investing 15% And you are giving 20% or whatever ratio you want to do there, I would start right away.


Okay. Well just kind of tap onto that. Would you give smaller or would you invest and then give later in larger amounts? Again, I, yes. We're, we're not genie in a bottle. Yes. So I'm not gonna answer that. I like John's answer. You get to decide, Corey, there's no, I'm not turning to page five in the, in the, in the RAMSEY manual right now to answer that question, because that is so individual to you. We're not being polite. It's A posture. It's a posture. You do What you wanna do. But I, my only advice on that is John, and, And you weigh in on this. I I, if I was in your position, Corey, I would be giving a substantial chunk Yes. Consistently correct to something that I deeply connected to.


Absolutely. I would leave it at that. You get to fill in what deeply connected to looks like. Yes. And I think what you need to do, Corey, is get out of the spreadsheet and into life. And so yes, there's gonna be a, a library someday that wants an extra gargoyle that your $9 million could pay for. You're right. But you want, So you want something special. Go tip your waiter a hundred bucks at a waffle house and he'll chase you out into the parking lot and hug you because you just took care, care of his, his kids' light bill. Right? You just put food on their table for a month. I love that your brain went to a special customized gargoyle. I don't, there's a lot to unpack there on a commercial break. It tells me so much that I love about you.


Hey, we have something Special coming back. Big news, Big we'll tell you can't wait. We'll be right back.


Have You gotten one of those texts recently claiming to be the USPS with some sketchy link to update your address. It's annoying and a little terrifying, And you probably think to yourself, I should do something about this. But where do you even start? Well, as your nerdy friend who does the research for you, I found the solution. They're called Delete Me. And here's the reason they come in the clutch. The internet is packed with data brokers, which are these shady companies whose sole purpose is to collect your personal info and sell it for a profit. Enter Deleteme Deleteme Swoops in, finds your info on these sites and removes it on your behalf. They even send you a report with all the details. And so far for me personally, they have reviewed 27,000 listings, removed my info from 240 data brokers and saved me 66 hours in the process. I trust Deleteme to help protect my family. And I trust them to help you too. You're gonna get fewer spam texts, fewer phishing emails, and fewer creepy robocall. And Deleteme also makes a great gift for other people in your life that you care about. Individual plans start at just $9 a month. So take an easy step to protect yourself and your loved ones today. And as a RAMSEY fan, you'll get an extra 20% off any of their plans@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back America. Thrilled to have you with us here on The Ramsey Show alongside Dr. John Delony. I'm Ken Coleman and we're here for you. The phone number by the way, to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. That's Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. All right, Ken, I gotta jump in. You're jumping in. I have been waiting for weeks and weeks and weeks for to be able to talk about this publicly. Man, this is amazing. This is a huge day for Ken Coleman, for your family, for this company, and this incredible new show called Front Row Seat that you're premiering this week. So well, thank you. Tell us the genesis of this thing. Tell us how it's been going. Yeah, and I'm so jealous of everything from the no from the, it does Look cool.


The team's amazing, the Talent, the the team teams amazing. The videos, all of this, the set design, everything's red. But tell us all about. Yeah. So if, if you're old enough to know the show inside the actor studio legend, if you, if you remember that where, where fame movie television and producer professor James Lipton would interview the best of the best of actors, directors, producers. And he would do it in front of a classroom in a theater, but a true classroom. And then the students themselves would get a chance to jump in and ask questions. That's the concept of front row seat. That's why we call it front row seat. Because we will be doing this in front of a live audience surrounding a very small intimate audience surrounding me and the guest.


And then we'll do virtual audiences. And so where you can sit in almost on a group zoom with somebody that you would never get the opportunity to talk to, but you don't just listen and learn. You actually get to ask questions. That's why we call it front row seat. And we're focused on three things. We want people to get better personally. Think of all the areas of your personal life. You think about your relational life, it's where you're focused on helping people. You think of your physical life, your mental and emotional life. We bring whatever version we have to work. And So we want people to get better. So bringing in people that are experts in all of those areas, deep dive, how can we get better so that we can go to work and we have the best opportunity to do our best work and move up whatever move up looks like.


And then ultimately as you move up in America, you get thrown into leadership positions that you're largely, you're not trained for. So some leadership 1 0 1 stuff. So you're thinking about, you know, personal growth topics, growth development, topics at work, and then leadership 1 0 1 stuff from some of the best voices in the world. Our debut episode out today, former governor, first female governor of South Carolina, Nikki Haley. Yeah. Now if you're on the Trump side of things, you're gonna have to get over it because it's not a political interview. Well, it's A great interview. Yeah. This is a leadership interview. Yeah. And I'm gonna be sitting with people that are left. Yeah. Right middle. Don't even wanna talk about it because this, this conversation is designed to make us think, to make us feel, and to make us do, and that's what we're doing with the show.


And I'm really excited about, that's my roots, by the way. Yeah, yeah. That's what I'm saying. You've been, you've been interviewing people, athletes, presidents, you, you've been interviewing people who are extraordinary in what they do for like, for way before you were Yeah. I've had the opportunity to do a lot of coaching here on the Ken Coleman show, but this is a natural evolution of what I've always wanted to do. And I think that, you know, I always tell people, do what your heart tells you to do. Follow your heart, Dave, and the leadership, this is a show that I've wanted to do for a very long time. And so we're, we're doing it and it's designed to, again, bring in a large audience. If you listen to this show for money issues, you're gonna love this show.


And so the audience themselves brings in a representation that live audience represents the people listening, watching. So I would say this, and we'll move on to the calls. You can get it on YouTube podcast app, the Ramsey Network app. All you gotta search is front row seat Ken Coleman. And it'll come up and it's live now. And, and I will say this, this interview with Nikki Haley, a deep dive on her past as a child, an immigrant who dealt with bullying because of a race, a woman who broke a barrier and then stood up for one of the biggest issues. Yeah. That divides us racially. I mean, this is, this is a woman of great substance, whether you like her or not.


Right. I think you'll learn something from this interview. And that's all I'd say on that. Well, and My favorite, here's what I think sets this whole show apart, and I can't wait to see this thing just hit the ground running dude, is, I don't know how many times we listen to podcasts and someone's doing an interview and I think, yeah, but hold on. But what about, and I want to inject myself in that conversation, or at least ask the next question or that felt like a softball. And you have a live audience, you have real people in there that get to do that. That's right. And that, I don't know that that show exists anywhere. Right. It's my favorite part is allowing people to get a chance to speak up and ask a question. And that's their question. So I love it. Thank you bro. I love it. I love it. Man. Front row seat. Now. Available from Ramsey Solutions.


You can get it wherever you get your podcast. And on YouTube. Alright, to the phones we go. Sarah's joining us in Charlotte, North Carolina. Sarah, How can we help today? Hi, thanks for taking my call. You Bet. What's going on? So my question is, is how much should I be contributing to my kids 5 29? You know, what, what's the, I, I know there's no magic number of what, you know, what college is gonna cost for them, but is there a point of, you know, you get a hundred thousand dollars in there, should you be putting it in a high yield savings account instead just in case? Sure. How old are they? You know, and have you done any investing so far?


So they're six and three. Okay. And my six year olds, we have 15,000 sitting in his account at this point. Okay, good. And my 3-year-old, 6 6700. Good. So if you were, just look, if you get on Ramsey Solutions dot com after this call and pull up our investment calculator, punch those numbers in, and it, it'd be a real fun exercise for you to see Okay. At 18, based on those two amounts and, and put in a modest return. Nothing crazy. And then you're gonna see where that number's gonna add, add up to. But I think, John, I like her question, you know, there's no magic answer, but you get to about a hundred grand.


I'm curious if, if, if I were you and I, and I'm thinking what education may or may not look like. Yeah. Hey, 15 years from now, you Could know this Sarah, that with AI with with college will look different for your kids than it did for us. I think a hundred grand's pretty good. Just know that. Yeah. What are your thoughts on that number? Yeah, I, And I'll also add our mortgage, I've calculated out that once our kids are outta daycare, that we're gonna increase our mortgage payments and I should have it paid off the year my oldest goes to college. Sure. So there's, there's a, there's a, an awesome, and then a, lemme just check you on it.


Okay. That will be the year also that one of your parents calls and says, we need to move in with you. So I know in your head probably I wanna get to a place where I can just cash flow all of this. And I like that idea. I like that sentiment. And also just be prepared for life to happen along the way too. Right. Yeah. I would really do the investment calculator, Sarah, I really would. So that you can actually see how these numbers play out because again, if you, you could make the case to put one 50 to 200 away per kid. That's real. Right Now that won't cover a lot of schools. Yeah, yeah. For four years. We know that if You put 200 away, you'll be Fine. 200 you're easy. Okay. You're fine. But I, I just believe that it, it's a tough thing to discuss, John, because you and I both, we talk about this all the time.


Higher ed is going to look dramatically different. Correct. Would you agree with that? At least 1000%? Yes. Okay. Let me ask you this. Actually, we've never talked about this. Yeah. If that's true, I don't see how it gets more expensive. I see it getting less expensive. The only way it gets, if you see a, and again, this is what, what higher ed people talk, like me and my colleagues have talked about for years behind closed doors. Like just having those, we call 'em sad lunches. Right. If you saw a, a dramatic number of colleges close, which I don't think is a, is wild speculation. Oh No, I think it's Gonna happen then it will make the remaining colleges very, very exclusive and thus very, very expensive.


Interesting. Right. And I think the marquee will be on a shared experience. It will be the cultural aspect as much, if not more so than the information. If I've got a personal bot interesting. Who can just coach me along the way And see that's where I think I, you know what I'm, I'm, that's a fun discussion for another Time. The human element will be can I associate and talk to and hang out with other people my age and older? Can I have multiple leaders? Like you have multiple professors. I think there'll be more, I think that there will be a premium level, just like there's really fancy restaurants now. That's exactly right. That's it. But I do think we're seeing the, the cost of tuition, student loans. I think Covid started the tide.


I do think we're gonna see decentralized higher ed And, and Thus I think it's gonna be a lot less expensive. That would be my prediction. I could be wrong. I I agree with you. I still think there'll be your with premium place. There's always gonna be a Ritz Carlton. That's right. That's right. But there's a But Airbnbs didn't exist. That's exactly right. Alright, quick break. He's Dr. John Delony. I'm Ken Coleman. You're listening to The Ramsey Show.


Hey, George Campbell here with a not so fun fact. Every American social security number, including our children's, has been hacked and is now on the dark web. And this is not a scare tactic. This isn't fear-mongering. It's a reality that could turn into a nightmare for a lot of people. And believe me, I've been a victim of identity theft and I would prefer it never happen again. Because once the bad guys have your social, it's the lifeblood for all of their activity. Think of all the places you use, your social, your banking, your employer, government offices, utilities, cell phone companies everywhere. And once they've got it, thieves can open new accounts, drain existing ones, steal payroll and wreak havoc all in your name. Not cool. And to be real, it's not a matter of if but when. So you've got to protect yourself with Xander's id, theft protection, Xandr has all the cyber tools to help, including home title monitoring, full recovery services if you do become a victim, a victim, and stolen funds protection. Not to mention it's the best value on the market. They've been protecting my family for over a decade and I trust them to protect yours too. So get enrolled today by calling 803 5 6 42 82 or just visit xandr.com. That's Z-A-N-D-E r.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number to jump in. I'm Ken Coleman. Dr. John Delony is joining me today. Jack is with us now in Cleveland, Ohio. Jack, How can we help? Hey guys, how are you? We're having a blast. What's going on with you? Okay, so I just need some advice. I, my, my, my ex. I have a kid with my ex and my kid is getting older and big expenses are starting to come up and I don't know how to tell my ex can we, we we're pretty good co-parenting, we just talk about things a lot.


But I think there's an expectation with money and I don't think I can meet their expectation with money. So I have, it's, it's like a finance question and it's really morale, you know, like, my kid needs braces or wants braces, it's not medically necessary and that's $6,000. She wants to split it with three grand a piece. I just don't have it. Is that something I am just obligated to pay anyway and just figure it out? No. Or am I allowed to say no? And then there's a car that's being brought up right now and there's just some big expenses coming up and she wants to split everything and I don't know how I can really do that. Well, It's, it's pretty common. Common or How to, I have a conversation with her, I should say. Well, it's pretty common that people get sideways at this age and some parents like you are just steeped in reality.


This is how much money I have. Like even if I wanted to buy you 6,000 braces, which I, I do, I want you, I want you to have the things that you think are gonna make you feel beautiful. I want you to have that. And I don't have that. Do those dollars. Right. And then there's other parents who, as the kid gets older, they want to, they want to use money in the stuff as a proxy for the world that they thought they would've been able to give them had there not been a divorce. Yeah. I want you to have this fancy car. I want you to have these fancy clothes and this fancy whatever. I wanna say yes to everything that you want. What's your relationship with with stepmom? Y'all communicate Well, y'all co-parent. Well, It was, it was really, really rocky and the, in the early years Sure.


And we, we've worked on it really well. And I think that we're, I mean, at one point we've even had a couple of beers together, so I think we've gotten pretty okay. But I just, you know, I just, you know, my kid is, you know, 15 going on 16 and she's so ex getting so expensive now with bigger ticket items. It's not just clothes anymore. So. Well, I, I, so here's what you have to do. You have to sit down with your ex-wife and say, Hey, could we meet? And I'm glad that y'all are acting like adults. Oh, it's awesome. I love it when adults act like adults. It's so good, so rare, so high five to you and just say, Hey, here's my financial situation, here's where we are. I it would, it would be honoring to you that you're, she doesn't say I wanna buy this, but your dad's too cheap to, 'cause at the end of the day, that doesn't hurt you as much as it hurts that kid.


And so if y'all could come to some sort of agreement on those kind of things, and maybe you can't and you'll remember, oh, this is why we got divorced in the first place. Hopefully she could say, well, in my new world I've got 5,000 bucks. If you could do 1000, I'm gonna tell the kid that we're splitting this together And you all work out the money behind closed doors, like adults, whatever you can put in there, but you have a financial reality that you wanna stick to. And I hopefully y'all can sit down and have an adult conversation to come to some consensus here. We're not getting her, Alexis, I, that's never possible. Right. I can come up over the next year with $3,500 that I could contribute to a Camry. Right. And if you wanted to have a new Camry.


So I do, I have a follow up question. Okay, go ahead. So we we're kind of going down that path right now, and I, I think you're gonna say no, I'm assuming you're gonna say no, but Don't take out any loans. Please don't. Okay. Yes. Well, that's exactly kind of where she wants to go. It's not necessarily a loan, it's an I owe you to her. She wants to talk money. No, if you don't borrow money, but if you have to choose between a bank and your ex-wife, good god. At least there's like laws regulating a bank. Yeah. I mean, I, Jack, I'm sitting there listening to you and John talk. You already knew the answer to the question that you asked. Yeah. I I I think you're, and and again, no judgment here, I'm, I'm seriously putting myself in your shoes.


I would be a mess internally if I were in your shoes right now because I would be afraid that my ex isn't gonna like, what is the reality and she's gonna say something or do something and then my kid is gonna think that I don't love him as much. I would be sick to my stomach. Just being honest, John. Yeah. Heck yeah. Jack. I think that's what you're dealing With. That's how I feel. Alright, so, so now that's what we need to address because when you started this call, you already knew what's reasonable and what's right And what is real. I can't afford it. Right. You can't. But what's also real, John, is that Jack can be manipulated. Correct. Into, and I could too over Love.


I, all of us, I'm just over loving our 16-year-old daughters Yes. Into credit cards. Yeah. And all the other things to just get through this. And you know what, I'd rather deal with the financial pain than the emotional pain of disappointing my kid. I think that's where he sits. Am I right, Jack? Yeah, that's, that's right. Spot on. Okay. So I Think I help, I have you taken Her out your your 16-year-old out? Yeah. And just said, I just wanted to paint you a picture of how the world works. Here's how much money I got. And your mom loves you and she wants to buy you this and I love you and I wanna buy you this. And here's what reality is. I that's what I agree. I agree. That's the tack. Jack. You gotta go directly to your daughter. She's 16. I agree With you. And I know leather seats feel like a, it's more love, it's really not.


Right? Like Yeah, But explain The why, explain that you had that conversation. I don't know. I've, I I used to make a lot more money and I have spoiled, you know, my kid a lot and, and her family, they just used to me just handed over money. What did You do Above, beyond the child support? What did you, and now What did you do Jack, and how much did you make versus how much you make now? I was just a supervisor. I just worked a lot of hours and I didn't really have a good relationship with my kid and I, I made about 90 grand and now I just, I work at, at the local lumber yard, I just order lumber and I make about 40.


I actually have a separate phone call. I'm gonna have to call you on Ken about a different, different job, but, well, I, I have, that's why I Bring that up just to be home more. I, I think there's two things. I get that, but I think there's two things. And again, I'm, I'm, and John, you weigh in on this, but Jack, I'm gonna talk to you as if I was in your situation. And I think that number one I agree with, with Doc here, that you're sitting down with your daughter and you're explaining reality And you give her a lot of why. Here's why I've cut back. If you want to go to that, I got a different thought on that one. But you can explain all that. Explain, I don't want to go into debt. Here's why. Explain all of that.


Be really honest, really humble, not defensive, but explain the situation. Whether or not she gets it in the form of agrees with it or not doesn't matter, does not matter. But I think you gotta go one-to-one with the daughter and do your best to, and I don't wanna say this the right, I don't wanna mean controlling, but the narrative needs to be between you and your daughter. That's the first thing I do. Yeah. The second thing I do, interestingly enough that you said I used to make 90, now I make 40, I think for this season, you got three more years with this kiddo, right? Yep. I'd be working a little bit more and I would be doing what I could to cash flow. And I, I'll come up with three grand for braces.


I'll tell you what I'll commit to if she, whatever she earns towards her car, I'll match it, I'll match it up to five grand or whatever number. And then, then now we got girls skin in the game. Mom's skin in the game, your skin in the game. And I, I, I think for this season, I'd be pulling some more hours and leveraging my past experience to meet this situation in the middle. No debt, no manipulation and pressure from daughter or ex-wife. However, I can bring more to the table and out of a good gesture, I'm gonna do that. I think I would try to do that. John, is that unhealthy? A Hundred percent. Because here, here's what gift you're gonna give her a gift that's infinitely more valuable than braces.


Jack, if you sit down and have this conversation with her and say, I know you really want braces. I know right now you don't as much have to have them medically as your, your teeth make you feel less than And you don't smile. And there's actually some research about smiling and teeth. Okay? But I'm gonna go take a second job here and I'm gonna bust my butt and I'm gonna knock this out for you. And here's my expectation. You're gonna have to put some skin in the game, like Ken said, when it comes to grades or it comes to working, whatever. But you showing her that extra hours and that extra work. And I took a second job driving for Amazon when she was at mom's house and you're exhausted And you put that cash on the table. She will understand the value of a dollar infinitely more than you just throwing money at a problem or just saying no to a problem.


So I like that, Ken. But all of this starts with real honest conversations. Jack, You're a good man and I'm gonna tell you, I think you're a good dad. So believe that act that way. Hold the line. I'm not doing anything that hurts you financially. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death and predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend fair wins because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid big bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Dr. John Delony. I'm Ken Coleman. So excited that you're with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Our Ramsey Network app question is from Darren. He writes in, my wife and I are 50 debt free and have a net worth of close to 5 million. I retired last year and it's allowed me to lean into many fun hobbies that said, I feel guilty that I'm not working, even though we don't need the money. I'm embarrassed when people ask what I do for a living. Did I retire too early or should I just ignore societal norms and enjoy the fruits of a lifetime of hard work? I'm gonna go yes and yes, John. Correct. A little bit controversial maybe.


And what I mean by yes is did he retire too early? Yes, Absolutely. And should he ignore societal norms and enjoy the fruits? Yes. Yes. Now I'll explain the first part of that. I get the second half. 'cause I like this question. Yeah. I don't think retirement is good for us. No, I'm sorry, let me, let me, lemme go back. I know it's not good for us and that's not my opinion. That is based on all the data, you know about all the data, you and I are both data nerds and the data says it's just not good for us physically, mentally, spiritually, the whole nine yards. But If retirement means going home and doing nothing, which Is what he's, he's doing fun hobbies, which is great. I would say that, and this is my goal, and by the way, this is a very unpopular opinion.


I was on Graham Steffens show and they asked me about retirement and I said, it's overrated and I'm not going to ever retire. I have no interest personally either. I Will slow down. Yes, I will diversify, but I will be doing something that looks, sounds, smells suspiciously like work until, until God takes me home. Yeah. And this because a, I believe it's what's best for us. Now, again, downshifting. So all I would say here is, is Darren, hey man, keep doing the hobbies, but find something. Even if, by the way, here's, here's, here's what's interesting. I would say, John, that volunteerism is, is in the category of not retiring.


In other words, he may not have to collect a check, but let's say he's going in and he's, let's say he used to run a sawmill. Random thing that, that's what came to my head. If he just goes in, he starts consulting with the couple young guys that are in the wood business or whatever, and he tells him what he knows and he does it one day a week. And It's about purpose and providing value. That's The idea. That's it. So one can volunteer and by the way, volunteers work. Exactly. So that's my little spiel and I'll leave it at that and let you jump in on the second part of that. I just, I I a hundred percent agree. I I am also one, I've got one of my closest friends in the world is counting down the minutes, just counting down the minutes.


And so I, I'm with you when it comes to work, I have a buddy who has a giant ranch that he, he messes with. You would say it was a hobby, but he provides a great place when somebody needs, wants to go for a hunt and bring their kid out for the first, you know, hunt. He is, he manages this thing so that people have a a, a welcome place to come. Right. He's Not retired. He is not retired. I agree. He works really hard. Yeah. I love that he doesn't draw a paycheck. Right. And so I think I also wanna get done to this societal norm thing. If you at 50 years old are financially independent and you're still quote unquote embarrassed when people ask you what you do, stop, stop.


The reason people work their lives to become financially independent so that they don't have to care what people think. And so for some reason you are still attaching your self-worth and your quote unquote feelings to other people's perceptions and opinions of you stop. Yeah. Because you know, the irony, John, I think most people would love to be where that dude is at. Yes. 50. Yes, I'm 50. That'd be amazing. I think I'm young. Exactly. I know I'm delusional. But, but, but I still go, I mean now again, I wouldn't stop today. Right. But but you'd go to fewer Meetings. Oh sure. But I'd still come be on the, on the show. Sure, Sure. Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. I don't, neither one of us like meetings.


No, not private meeting guy. But I don't think there is. I think the, I think the societal norm is that everybody wants to be where he's at. Right? He's in the one half of 1% of all people who do walk at 50. Right. Or maybe smaller percentage than that. So what is, what do you think, and again, I'm I'm putting you on the spot, but real quick we'll get to a call, but I, I want, I would love to know 30 seconds on what do you think is the source of that feeling he gives us in the last sentence that he thinks people are going, dude, you're 50 and you're not working. Well it, I think it goes back to something I heard an AI pontificator talking about more than a work crisis, more than an economic crisis. We are gonna have a massive, especially in the United States, a massive social unrest when it comes to an identity shift.


Because in the west our identities are based on what do you do and how hard do you work at it. That's, if you don't answer those questions appropriately, you are seen as less than culturally. Yeah. And So we don't have a psychology for what if a robot just does it right. And what if the job that you had as an attorney making the $700 an hour goes away because Chad GBT will do it for 35 cents. Right. And So we don't have a psychology for that. So I think it comes down to just breathing our, the cultural air, which is, if you don't have an answer to the question, what do you do? My god, what if you could answer that. I love my life.


I hang out with my family. I'm currently working on woodworking projects, but I'm also starting a radio building thing and I play in a punk band on the weekends at 50. Like that should be a great answer. I'm creative, I solve problems for people, et cetera. But anyway, I think I wanna be free from other people's, allowing other people to speak into my value. I love that. Or quote unquote embarrassment because of how I answer that kind of question. Yes. And amen. And by the Way, last one, enjoying fruits of a lifetime of hard work is not in opposition to doing hard things and showing up at a scheduled time. So enjoying the fruits of a lifetime of hard work doesn't mean you stop doing hard work.


I think hard work is good for you and every single nutritional, physical, psychological thing would say keep doing hard things. So maybe you don't do it with a mean boss or something like that, or shareholders, but keep doing hard things while you're enjoying the fruits of your labor. Yeah, I love it. Let's see if we can get will in here in Phoenix, Arizona. Will, How can we help? Hi guys, thanks for taking my call. You bet. We got about two and a half minutes and I'm sorry to do that to you, but see if you can get us your quick question and see if we can help. Alright. I hope you guys can hear me. My wife and I are in baby step seven. Our home is worth 400,000. Of course it's paid off.


And my question is, I'm 61 and potentially in four years, like to possibly retire, not entirely like you guys were just talking about, but from corporate America anyway. And the home that we sell for 400 now, which I'm assuming will go up and the home we wanna buy in the same area, is possibly about a hundred thousand more. Currently have about 700,000 plus in retirement savings and liquid combined. And wanna know if you guys think it's okay to spend a hundred thousand of the retirement to buy a 500,000 house instead of the 400 we're in now.


I wouldn't take the money out of my retirement to do that. I'd work a little bit longer and pay it off quick. You know, you're, and again, you could still retire from corporate world and I think you can still accomplish what I'm suggesting. Why, Why would you move up in house? Most people retire and then they decide we're going, we're going to sell the big house that we raise the family in. I'll tell you why. We're gonna tell him downshift. Tell him why. I know. Well, Believe it or not, I don't want to, my wife doesn't want go upstairs when she gets older. She's like, she's putting something on herself that hasn't happened yet. She thinks she can't get up the stairs of the two story I told you wants to go to a one story. That's The only I knew it will. I feel you dog. I saw it coming like a freight train.


I knew it was the wife. Hey, the house I just bought has one of those rad chair lifts in it. And I'm coming over tonight. I told her About that I'm coming over Wants a house. Yeah. Well, fair enough, fair enough. I I Single Story. So if that's gonna be the case, John, I really don't want him pulling out of the retirement fund. Yeah. I want that money. Staying will and and and again, you have the income and the experience to to to, if you gotta do a mortgage on a hundred grand, that's such a small amount. And pay it off quick. If you can't convince the what probably Wouldn't. Yeah. What's that? Well, one thing I didn't throw in is that between now and those four or so years, we will probably reinvest another a hundred or so between now and then.


So Oh, I wouldn't do that. We can do for about eight 50. I wouldn't in Oh, oh, you're talking about invest in your retirement account. Well, the whole question is about a house, but the retirement savings Right. All, which is seven 50. We'll probably be about eight 50 by that time. I know, but I still, yeah, I, if you were at that million Mark Moore wouldn't, I'd feel a little bit more comfortable about it, but I wouldn't, yeah. I wouldn't pull a hundred grand out when you only have seven 50. I'd tell her she's gotta work a little bit longer. Yeah. I wouldn't have that conversation either. I agree. Just a joke. Will, you're on your own pal. This is The Ramsey


Show. Self-defense can be a complicated issue, but there's one solution that makes it a lot easier. A burna launcher. Berna look like firearms, but they're not. They're non-lethal self-defense tools. They shoot chemical irritant projectiles that stop a threat in its tracks without the fatal consequences of a gun. Burna launchers have been vetted by government agencies, police forces and private security agencies worldwide. And no permits or background checks are required to buy or own. One plus burners are lightweight, easy to carry and Give you the power to protect yourself and your family even if you're not comfortable with traditional firearms. Not to mention they have more than 15,005 star reviews. And right now RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burner pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burner products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to Byrna dot com slash dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave,


Welcome to The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your profession, and win in your relationships alongside Dr. John Delony. I'm Ken Coleman. The phone number to jump in today is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's get it started with Zach and Lexington, Kentucky. Zach, How can we help today? I'm trying to figure out how to budget my money to get out of debt. Okay. Tell us a little bit more. What's the debt Car payments house and a lot of small debts. A couple credit cards and a student loan. Alright, Let's go, let's list them out for us. So go smallest to largest.


They're the biggest debt down to the smallest. Start with the biggest debt. 150,000 for my house. Okay. We, we, we'll we'll leave the house out right now 'cause we're gonna work on that other debt. So keep going. $12,000 for my truck, 3000 for my wife's car. About 2000 on a student loan. And then two different credit cards are at one seven hundred and one six hundred. Okay. And what is your combined income? Do you have two incomes or one, Two. Okay. Me and my wife. So what's your combined income? Roughly? 60,000.


Okay. Alright. What are, what's the truck worth right now if you were to sell it? Private sale, not to a dealer. What, what's the truck worth? Roughly 25. Okay. That's great news. Okay. And how much is the $3,000 car? How much is that worth? About six. Okay. Alright, So we got a, that's everything you got correct? That's everything. Do You have any cash outside of your checking account at all? What kind of cash do you have? None. I just sold a four wheeler to afford tires for both of our vehicles because we live paycheck to paycheck. Alright, So you guys are struggling just to make it to the end of the month?


Yeah. Okay. Majorly. Alright, So what, what is specific, what, what is your question today? Are you struggling with budgeting or is it a bigger issue where you guys aren't on the, on the same page about money? I'd like to see more income, but what do you think is the big cause of this? Is it a lack of budgeting or is it you guys are on two different pages, one's trying the other's spending like crazy. Give us a little bit more. I think it's a lack of budgeting because I mean we, we buy our groceries, we eat most of our meals at home. We eat about one meal out a week. You know, it's kind of like a date. It's just, we live, you know, our bills take most of our paychecks. We don't really have much income week by week and it's just, it, I feel suffocated and I got a baby on the way.


Okay. That's due in about three weeks. Okay. So I, what? And I don't know how I'm gonna afford childcare. Alright, let's figure this out. So what is your income and what do you do? And then tell us your wife's income and what she does. My income's like, I want to say 32 or 35. I don't know exactly. I make about $17 an hour. What do you do? I am a water plant operator. Okay, great. What does your wife do? She is, she works for the courthouse and she makes about 1550. Okay. All right. What is the, the mortgage, you don't have a very big mortgage. What's your mortgage payment? It's almost $1,200.


Okay, well that's, that is a huge chunk of your take home. It's a massive And we don't even owe that much. I think it's 'cause we're so young. Yeah, no, that doesn't have any. What's your Interest rate on that? Do you know? It's All interest rate. I think it's almost 8%. Good. That, that's the issue. Call my friends at Churchill Mortgage. Right when you get off this call and see about a, like refinancing that house. Yeah, I agree. What's your truck payment? It's $330. Okay. I'm gonna start there. And the reason I'm gonna start there is because that's a $300 a month raise, which is a massive deal for you.


And you've got, you've got equity in that and I would sell it if you could sell that for 25, you owe 12, that's gonna leave you 13. I would go buy a $5,000 truck 'cause I can find 'em all day long on online and have done it before. And then I'm gonna take that 8,000 and I'm going to knock out your wife's car payment. I still got 5,000 left over. I'm taking out the $2,000 student loan. What do I got left? I'm trying to run this in my head, then I'm putting the rest of it in a, in a savings account. It's gonna be in my emergency fund. 'cause I'm about to have a little baby in my house. I agree. But I mean, you, you, I also got the two credit cards, which is 1300 for both.


Okay. No, I got that. Those are gone Then. But I think he can get rid of it all if I, if I did the math right. I think you pay all of your, you pay your entire debt off with, with the proceeds from the truck brother. You're free. That's Massive. What is your car payment on the, on the, on the Weiss car? 180. Okay, So that's 480 bucks. All right. Yeah. And we should start going down the list. So yeah, You just got a $6,000 a year raise if you do this 500 bucks A month in pocket. I'm gonna say one other thing. You my friend, your wife's pregnant, so I'll let her off the hook, although I'd like to see her pick up some hours. Pick up 15 to 20 hours a week at Walmart working evenings while the baby's in the oven. But you definitely need to be picking up another 20 to 30 hours a week to actually get this emergency fund built up.


'cause you can be debt free and start stacking in the emergency fund really quickly. But this is all effort. I'm gonna sell my truck, pay off all the debt, stick the rest in savings, and my wife and I are gonna work like we got no tomorrow in order to stack up 5, 6, 7 grand. All this is doable. Am I right John? All This is doable, but hey, listen, you're on it. You, you said the baby comes in three weeks. Oh, three weeks. Yes. Okay. And your wife works hourly, right? So if she is at home for two or three weeks on maternity leave or six weeks, we Just took a huge hit, You lose half your income. Right? She has paid maternity leave for six weeks. Oh, outstanding.


Right. High five. Those people in election. Listen, listen my man, we live in a world, Adam, excuse me, Zach, that would tell you, well you take off time. No, you're not. You don't have, you can't afford it brother. You can't afford to take time off with your wife. You gotta be working. Yeah. Crazy hours. Yeah. And So you go get a second job, sell everything. If you sell this truck, you are debt free. $500 a month raise right there. And Let's also call Churchill, like you said, Let's call Churchill and get this house, see if we can't get the, the, the house refinanced. That's number two and number three, brother, you're on the horn getting another job, I think. Yeah. With someone who works in a water treatment plan, who works as hard as you do on a day in, day off, you should expect to make 50 to 60 grand.


Yeah. Okay. Well my biggest, my biggest issue is I'm unlicensed, but I'm supposed to be licensed in April. Okay. And that should be a little bit of a pay raise. And then I've been picking up odd jobs like crazy and working, you know, 16 or 16 hour shifts about four days a week. Good man. But let's go get the best hourly rate we can right now. I don't care what it Is. And let's don't get a certification for a little bitty raise. Yeah, I Agree with that. Let's go get a certification or change fields so that in two years you're doubling your salary. I'd like to see you be looking at the trade, Zach. I really would. I, I want you to get through baby and get out, get a, get a nice emergency fund. But I'd like you to start thinking about the trades.


You know, you're talking about a plumber, electrician that down the road, if that's something that you're interested in, I don't wanna push you into that. But the type of work you do, I think it'd be a nice transition. And we're talking about a much better situation when it relates to hourly rate plus benefits, plus a nice ladder forward. But listen, Zach, we just gave you, I mean this is easy. Just compared calls that we get selling that truck changes your life, It also signals to your wife and that new baby. I'm the husband and I'll do anything for my family. By the way, honey, I sold the truck and I picked up a second job for the next six months so I can get us ahead financially. You guys Will be fine. You got a small mortgage? Let's see if we can get you a better rate on that.


But just doing what we said to sell. The truck's gonna make the margin there. Go get it brother. So Get after it, my man. There you there. There's no sitting around waiting anymore. You gotta move. This is The Ramsey Show.


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


I Still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that toxic money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors. And it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from broke to millionaire and I break it all down. In my new book, breaking Free From Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options, and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of breaking free from broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Dr. John Delony. I'm Ken Coleman. Glad you are with us today. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. We'd love to hear from you. Let's go to Orlando, Florida, where Adam is joining us. Adam, How can we help today? Hello. And thank you for taking my call. You Bet. What's going on? Well, I'm expecting to get married in the next year and a half and the person I'm expecting to get married to comes from a lot of money. Oh. And yeah, and as someone that's in school and I'm expecting to have a stable career, I'm a little nervous 'cause I don't think I can match that lifestyle that should've been exposed To.


You Can't, you can't let it ride, dude. I don't, I I mean her father's an entrepreneur and he makes a lot, he makes a lot of money and I know that that type of wealth that she comes from, don't we available for an entrepreneur or businessman or have her own thing going on and, and honestly, I'm not too confident that I could match that. Can't, I Dunno if I'm, you can't. I thought we just covered this. You can't. And John said let it go. I Can't. How do you think, How, how Do you think any of the men marrying Dave Ramsey's daughters felt? You don't. And you know what though? Both of those men, I know them. They're friends of mine. They're confident, they're smart and they do good work.


But they ain't ever gonna have $750 million. That's right. And you daughter don't love them any less. The is the issue you, which we would understand that. You gotta get over that. But I understand you feeling that. Or is it her? Is she, is she putting pressure on you? I mean, what's what's the reason for this call? What, what could we help you with? Well, Well, I don't know her too well is the issue. It's, it's, it's sort of an arranged marriage type of situation. Okay. Hold the, now we're digging in. Hold up. Hold on. So are you actually engaged? 'cause you started off the call saying, I I'm, I'm gonna get married in about a year and a half. Is is there a ring? Well, there's not a ring, but Are there animals going back and forth with the arranged marriage?


Like 50 Goats, many goats? What are We doing here? What are we doing? Well, she's, she's from Rocco. Okay. As you know, a friend I mentioned, my cousin married her sister actually. And this is actually, we went to the wedding and things of that nature. And the way it works is she asked her dad and her dad came to me and her dad said, are you married? And I said, no, I'm not. I'm actually 19 years old, I'm not married. And we kind of hit it off from there. Whoa, whoa. Who hit it off? You and the dad or you and this girl? Me and the dad? I haven't really talked. I've talked to her. That's What I, what I thought. I heard you say me and pops hit it off and I think I might marry his daughter.


I don't dunno if you know this, but she is a key component of this marriage. Not y setting up. Not Really. That's not with this deal. Is it really an arranged marriage? Yes. Yes, sir. Not yes. My mom, my mom and dad. Well, mainly my mom. I actually have seven siblings and my mom tried to get each of us arranged and I'm the last one. And she always wanted, she always talked about it, all of this. And when she came in contact with her parents, like done deal. They, they don't like the word arrange. We use the word insisted. I don't know if that's more, I think that's probably the better word. I think that's what it is. Yeah. I think that's actually the right word.


Let me ask you this. Where are you at on this deal? Yeah. Do you want to do this? I don't care how cool pops is or not. Well, I mean she's pretty, she's really pretty. No, no, bro, you're not answering my question and I think I know the answer. Oh, do you want to marry this girl or not? I think, I think I do. No, you don't. No, you Don't even know her. I Think you wanna please your mom is what you want to do. You wanna make your mom happy. 'cause she insists that you marry this wealthy Moroccan girl. Well, for me, I honestly, well, I I understand that. Good. I talked to her, I forgot I mentioned, I talked to her here and there. Like not nothing crazy, nothing like, bro, You know, I'm not marrying somebody that I talked to here and there.


That's an acquaintance. What you doing? Why'd you call us? I Want, I, I I and I, I, I believe I will marry this girl. I I, in all honesty, I, I all set up. So basically set in stone. So Then, okay. In all honesty, why did you call us? It Doesn't matter that you called us because John And I wanna help you, but we've already told you how we feel. Yes, sir. So How can we help? Well, I don't know if I mentioned that. Well, I, I'm set up for stable career later on down the road. And I, I, I, again, I I don't, I don't know how to, I can't match this lifestyle. I I really, I don't know her, but Hold on. Listen Adam, I feel like we're on a hamster wheel. Yeah. None of the things you're saying matter.


It doesn't matter that you don't, that you've, hold on. It doesn't matter that you don't talk to her regularly. It doesn't matter that you all haven't been on dates. It doesn't matter that you haven't kissed her yet. It doesn't matter. Any, none of that matters because you said this thing's arranged. So if it's arranged And you as a groan man in the United States of America are gonna get in that boat and say, all right mom, you're gonna direct the rest of my life, then, bro, it doesn't matter what you make, it doesn't matter any of that stuff because you got in the arranged boat And you took off down down the river. What do you care? Let That be. If you wanna be a, a grown up and decide, I love you. I wanna create a life with you, us two as two individual adults creating one, not letting my mom and your dad drive our future.


If you wanna do that, then yes, I get there being feelings like, man, I'm, I didn't make as much money as your dad. You're gonna have a different lifestyle. We may have Honda Lifestyle when you're used to a a Lexus lifestyle, that's all well and good, but that's not your situation right now, dude. So just get, if you, if that's what the choice you're making, get in the boat, prop your feet up and put your hands behind your head and then just ride on down, down the river, out into the ocean, man. Yeah. Yes Sir. Does that make sense? It it, it makes sense. It makes sense. So, So you called us saying, guys, I I don't know what to do. I don't think I can provide for her. Doesn't matter. She chose you and pops chose you it sounds like. Or the two of them got together and said, this is my guy and you're just gonna go along with it.


So therefore it doesn't matter if she's disappointed, it's gotta be the greatest get outta jail husband card of all time. Like, And, and Adam, for what it's worth, it's absurd. How old are you, man? 19. I tell 19 year olds to get off their parents' cell phone plan, much less their marriage arrangement plans. So Yes sir. Knock your lights out, man. You're an unturned water for me, so go get Yeah, man, I would tell Pops to get you a good job. Yeah, that's what I would do. Yep. What are you worried about? Why are we even going to school? I mean, this guy's wealthy and he selected you. Yeah. The whole thing is foreign to me, Adam. And I'm, we're having a little bit of fun with it because quite frankly, it's so absurd.


I can only laugh with it. And what, and what is absurd is I'm not insulting other, I probably already have, but we'll get over it. The absurdity is your attitude towards it. I I I'm not gonna judge another culture and arrange marriages. I don't get it. But I'm also, this Doesn't feel like a cultural practice. This feels like an overbearing mom. Yeah. You could say that. What Culture, what culture you come from. Are you, are you an American family? Oh, well, I was born in, I'm born in America. Raised in America. But my, my, my father's from Yemen. Yeah. And were Muslim. Okay. So they're, they're Moroccan. So there's obviously some differences. This is a generational thing for your parents. This is a very normal thing for them to arrange or insist.


Yeah. My, yeah, my, my parents weren't arranged. My, my dad's parents were arranged and their pants were arranged. Yeah. That's what I'm getting at. So I don't understand it, but I'm not, I'm not knocking the tradition 'cause I don't understand it. And I, I wanna be very clear to our large audience on that. What I'm saying absurd is your response to this. 'cause I feel like you got an option to go deuces. I'm out or I'm kind of think I'm gonna do it. And yet you called us to go, what do I do? And it, I I just, I'm pleading with you and I mean this, I hope you remember my voice multiple times tonight before you go to bed. Please don't do this, John. Am I right? You can hear it all over him. Yes. He feels like he has to do It.


Yeah. That's the thing, Adam, if this is a, a true, like the, I've actually looked at the data on the traditional cultural arrange practices. It's remarkable, it's robust, but there's entire family systems around these new married couples and families and all that. So I'm with you, Ken. Not knocking it at all. This doesn't sound like that. It sounds like a mom that wants to make sure her boys marry somebody who's gonna have a lot of wealth. Right. And good on mom. She she got you there. Well, she got you. Yeah. You though Adam aren't in. And if you're not a part in to the cultural practice, if you're not on board with the family practice, you're not on board with this woman that you are gonna, they're gonna, at some point, they close the door and it's just y'all two. This is, this is awful, but I'm gonna be real.


Okay? If I was in Adam's situation and the father approached me and we're hanging out and we're bros and he goes, Hey, by the way, my daughter over there, it's my fourth one. Would you like to marry her? She thinks you're cute. I'd go, let's talk terms. Yeah. I would be like, Hey, can I get an Offer Sheet? I need to run to the bathroom real quick. And I would go to Washington DC and I would never be seen again. That True. But I mean, if we're gonna do all this, let's go. All right, what's the job? Do we gotta slush fund? This is wackadoodle. I don't know how else to process that. Oh, Adam, he needs to fall in love. Let Us know. Send, send us a wedding invite may show up.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey everyone, listen, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into, the stories of the things that have happened to us, both the good stuff and the challenging stuff. And we have those stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And none of us can go back and change any of our old stories. But the world is waiting to see what each of us is gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new stories that you're gonna write. And I'm not talking about making goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life and the lives of those you love for the better forever. If you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories and heal from them and begin writing new ones. If you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy And you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist And you can switch at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


It's that time again folks. Tax season is here. I know some of you would rather bury your head in the sand until April 15th than face your taxes. But here's a better idea. If your tax situation is complicated, get in touch with a RAMSEY Trusted Tax Pro today. That way they can take the stress off your shoulders and once those tax forms come in and teach you how to keep your tax bill as low as possible, but don't wait. RAMSEY Trusted Pros can book up fast. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro to find one who serves your area with excellence. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. I'm Ken Coleman, Dr. John Delony joins me. And the phone number for you to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. That's Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


Okay folks, little bit of a mild rollercoaster going on in real estate right now. That's just the reality. You know, a lot of experts are saying we're gonna stay in this interest rate range for most of this year. Who knows? They don't know. We don't know. But the reality is, is for years we've said marry the home date, the rate. And so whether you're buying a home or selling a home, this is a massive, massive decision and transaction. And it's why you need the tools and resources to get you prepared. And so that's why we have the RAMSEY Real Estate Home Base. Fabulous location for you. You're gonna see calculators start to finish guides, how tos, a podcast, books and even a video course, all giving you actionable steps so that you can navigate the buying and selling process without any massive errors. And it's painless. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. Or you can click the link in the show notes if you're listening on YouTube and podcasts. And I wanna point out when we tell you about all these things and if you miss it, 'cause we know you're listening to us and watching us while you got other things going on. The show notes, the show notes, the show notes, all of the links, things we talk about are in the show notes of the podcast app that you're listening to and on YouTube. Alright, anne Ramsey Solutions dot com. You can usually find it.


Alright, let's go back to the phones. Vanessa is joining us now in Phoenix, Arizona. Vanessa, How can we help? Hi, thanks for taking my call. You Bet. So I just had a quick question. Me and my husband and my brother-in-law and sister-in-law when we first got married and started having kids, we bought a piece of land and built two houses on it in the city, which is kind of a unique property. Then we refinanced, we bought a house separately, they bought their house separately. We long-term rented those two homes and then we turned into into Airbnbs about five years ago. My question is this, I'm wanting to sell my Airbnbs and to pay off my house I live in now and then build an Airbnb on the back of my property.


The problem is, is everybody tells me this is gonna be the biggest mistake of our life because I can't buy into real estate like I did 20 years ago. I am gonna have to pay capital gains because I already own the land that I'm going to build an Airbnb off of. And obviously you have to pay capital gains if I pay my house off. So I'm just wondering, is selling my rentals to pay off my house and build another residual income a bad idea or Not? No. No, of course not. You know that, don't you? I do. But something about, because people are saying the interest rate that I own, I owe 2 38 on my home and I'm at an interest rate of 2.99.


Sure. I owe 166 on my rentals at an interest rate of about 4.25. Right. So they're saying, you know, you know lumber's gonna go up, how do you know you can build an Airbnb on the back? And my God, God bless 'em. They don't know as much about real estate as you do. True or false? Well, I don't feel like I know a lot and so I Alright. Never nevermind. Okay. And my husband bad tech. Let's, let's go this. Okay, let's go by the numbers. Can we do the numbers? Okay. Alright. Yeah. Let's say I want you to gimme these numbers. Super simple. You sell both rentals, okay? How much money do you walk with cash? Well, so that's another problem because we, to find a comp in our area with two houses on one piece of land is very difficult.


So when we do the numbers in our head, like to pay, you know, the mortgage off to pay capital gains, like I think I need at least minimum I need to walk away me and my husband personally with 500,000. Okay, I didn't ask that. And, and I want you to keep this simple 'cause I'm, I'm trying to help you, but you're confusing me in your answer. You sounded like a congressman on a Sunday morning show there. So direct question, right? Stay with me, I'm trying to help you, okay? Okay. First of all, you need to get a great real estate pro, okay? Somebody who can Give you real comps, real numbers, real comps. But I want you to be modest, okay? You own two homes. What do you think you walk away with on a modest sale price of both rentals?


Gimme a a modest ballpark figure. You've thought through this, haven't you? Yes. Okay, then gimme the number. I would say 500. Alright, You're gonna walk away at 500 and your current home that you live in that you wanna pay off is how much, how much do you owe on it? 2 38. Okay, so you're gonna have 500 minus 2 38 is what? 2 72 left? Yes. Am I doing my math right? I'm doing it quick. I was a, I was a history guy. Poli-sci not, yeah, I'm so 2, 2 72. That's after we've paid our house off. Now what is it gonna cost you to build this property, this next Airbnb property on your actual house now that you have a paid for home as your main living, what's it gonna cost to do that?


My husband believes being very generous about 200. So if I'm hearing you right and I'm gonna round down, we got $30,000 cash left over. We have no debt at all on any properties. My home that I'm living in is paid off and I've got an actual rental property that is going to spit off cash in perpetuity that it's paid for. Yes. Versus being $238,000 in debt on your main home. And how much in debt on each of the rental homes Together? They're 1 66.


Okay. So what do you like better when I just ask you those numbers? What future do you like better? I want my home paid off and to have residual, incoming, incoming money with that paid off as well. Great. So I'm gonna hand you over to my friend who's really smart with emotions and mental stuff and John, now that I've just pulled out what she would prefer to do, which interestingly enough lines up with what we would tell her to do, right? What about these people in her life that know so much about lumber? I, I, I guess I'm trying to think of the right way to ask this question. He's stumped. No, it's there he goes, it's this Vanessa, what do you do?


What do you do for a living? So I clean our Airbnbs and manage them. Okay. And my husband works for UPS. What is your take home salary every year? It combines This last year it was about 115, $115,000. Yes sir. How? Somewhere along the way did you get the understanding that, that you're dumb. Who told you that? Well, not that I'm dumb, but accountant, like you have such a great interest rate on your home, why would you pay that off? And I'm like, well, 'cause then my husband can work, but he can be basically retired. You have no car payments, you have no credit card.


It's a really smart answer coming. Okay, so somebody is trying to tell you that you're, you're able to see into a future that most people who are obsessed with their stupid spreadsheets and Instagram can't. And that is this, what is life on the other side of not owing anybody anything? Or did I say it another way? What is life on the other side of freedom? And our culture is so stupid and obsessed with short inch by inch gains that they don't look at the long picture. The long game. It's so true, John. You already have, right? It's the same reason companies hire a bunch of people to goose the Q1 numbers and then fire 'em all Q4 not for like, realizing that at some point people just quit working for you because you're terrible people, but they're so obsessed with the, the little notch here and the little notch there.


The little notch here. So in the same way, you've already projected a future where your husband laughs every morning. So true. Where you have a cup of coffee, right? On those, those rare cold phoenix mornings And you are paid off house that nobody can ever take away from you and y'all just can go for a walk together. Hey Vanessa and John, do you both remember the classic Miller Light ads where it was Like, when we grew up it was like great taste and then the other half of the bar would yell it's less filling and it was a debate. Here's what's going on, Vanessa. Here's what I'm hearing. You are saying, my life is better and they're going better.


Interest rate. Yes. And it's this goofy weird, it's a dumb, you're my life is better. And they're yelling, but you got a better interest rate. Exactly. It's the goofiest Thing ever. The capital gains doesn't, it's the cap. People are like, well you're just giving capital gains away. But then when I you're need the math, I'm like, but I'm gonna pay more in interest over the next 25 years, my Loan. You know, Vanessa, you're, you're Not dumb. Good answer Vanessa. Ken and I in your seat would both do the exact same thing that you're talking about and I'll pay the 3% difference on my a PR that I'm losing for my new property. I'll pay that difference in a peace tax every day. You got It right Vanessa. Do your plan, not theirs.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've got a big announcement. George Kamel and I are bringing back investing essentials. Our two night virtual event, deep diving into investing and real estate learn step by step. How to get the most out of your 401k mutual funds and real estate investments because there's no better time to get the clarity you need to invest with confidence. Watch live on March 4th and fifth. Get tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Dr. John Delony joins me the shower, we are thrilled to have you with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. That's the number to jump in.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Now we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distress private student loans there is Why Refi we trust. Why Refi? Because they can help you with a low fixed interest rate that you can't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get outta debt. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Oh, I started pre-reading this question, Ken, and it's already giving me gas. Oh, all right. Today's question comes from Allison. Lemme Hold my in Georgia Nose. Yeah, you're gonna wanna scoot over a few feet here. Okay. Okay. My husband and I started building our dream home last year. We took out a HELOC to fund the down payment Oh god. And start the building process. We struggled financially for the last few months due to low profits at my husband's business. No way. Things weren't gonna always just continue to go up and up and up and up forever. So he took out several more loans to help with the cash flow. These ended up strangling us. So we used most of the HELOC to keep the business afloat along with using personal credit cards to make business purchases.


The business now owes us over $300,000 and y'all owe the banks and the credit card companies. I'm assuming our house is almost complete, but closing on it is in jeopardy due to all of this debt. How do I come to terms with the fact that my dream house is probably gone? How do I deal with the embarrassment and the shame and how do I feel safe in my home when everything is falling apart? Mm. A lot of questions for you there, doc. Well, I I mean A lot of emotional questions. I mean, I I would just say on the dream home is I would, if you can get out of it, get out of it. Yeah. And then start to, to, to dig out of this situation from the business. 'cause this is, there's a lot of stress right now.


There's a marriage issues. There's the, by the way, she's putting all this on her husband. She doesn't say here that either she was complicit in this. Like she participated in, well I guess I'll just put this on. Or she needs to deal with some serious financial infidelity issues in her home where her husband came and said, by the way, I just lost the House. And, and there are times when that happens, He basically gambled it away. Yeah. I think when it comes to dealing with when dreams are gone or as, as when you have to grieve what you want it to be, man, it just takes time. You gotta write some things down. I, I recommend people go through some sort of, for lack of better words, a funeral, some sort of ceremony that says this was, and it's not gonna be anymore embarrassment and shame.


That's just kind of part of it. If you participated in trying to rob Peter to pay Paul And you ended up gambling away all of your losses gambling away your home, then yeah, there's some embarrassment, there's some shame. I I recommend dealing with those head on, walk straight into 'em when somebody asks you, say, me and my husband made some dumb business decisions, we ended up having to pick between the business and the the home and we chose the business. And you run straight through it and you'll find that the embarrassment and the shame lose their power over you when you say 'em out loud And you head directly into them. And then, how do I feel safe in my home and everything's falling apart. That sounds like a marriage question, Ken. And that's when you and your husband get away for half of a morning and go to breakfast at a cheap diner and say, we gotta rebuild what, like the our our ability to trust one another.


That's right. Forget the business, forget the house, forget all this crap. I Agree. And to your point, I, the only thing I'd say on that is if she doesn't feel safe financially, which the this circumstance would absolutely do that to anybody, then what you gotta do is, is you, I would, I'm gonna take shame and whatever shame there is and it shouldn't be, but I understand that's a natural emotion. Of course there is. You know, but I'm gonna go ahead and take shame over feeling unsafe, meaning I'm gonna get out of these problems. Oh heck yeah. We're going back away slowly and, and, and We're, I'm gonna go get myself a job and get myself a checking account. Yeah. I'm Gonna do what we need to do so that I feel like that my financial world isn't crumbling. And then once I get there, that's gonna do wonders for dealing with the shame. That's right. That's right. But It's really hard to deal with all that at the same time.


That's exactly right. And it's easy for me to say on this side, but it's just a house. That's right. So if their marriage is intact and they made some strategic gambles by taking out a HELOC to fund down payments and putting everything on credit cards Yeah. And we Triple stamp a double stamp, it all came down. Everything's not falling apart. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But if your husband's lying to you and now you've lost your house And you may have lost your marriage. That's right. It can feel like everything's falling apart. You need to get somebody to talk to and say these things out loud. And, and you know what, just so I wanna throw this out there, John, I know you're gonna agree with it, but I, it just popped in my head. We need to say that if we are very wise and intentional in who we choose to be our friends, those are the people you need to go talk to about This.


Not need. You have to There instead of shame. Just you can, you can enter a shame, but real friends will go, Hey, don't worry about it. Oh, I I I'll bring the nachos, you bring the beers, we're gonna sit down and talk about it. Yeah. They're not gonna leave you. No. They're gonna actually make you feel good and dare I say safe. Yeah. And they'll weep with you. They'll laugh with you. A good friend will poke at you and Then They'll say, how can we move forward Together? I'm gonna tell you, I and I, and I mean that with everything in my being Stacey and I have always been intentional, but I'm telling you we've got friends like that around us right now that I'm just telling you It's everything. You just have to have the people that no matter what's going on, you can snot in front of 'em and cry and ugly cry or, or be weak or doubtful or insecure or whatever and they just come around you and they lift you and it is so important.


So I just saw, I heard that and I was like, you know what? I get the shame feeling, but take that shame, take it to real friends and watch shame disappear. That's exactly right. It's really good. Alright, let's go to Valerie in San Antonio, Texas. Valerie, How can we help? Hello? I was just wondering, when I'm looking at baby steps four, five, and six, are you supposed to, you know, max out number four first before you move to five, before you pay more towards the house or, I know you're supposed to do them altogether, but I just don't know how much of each Yeah, it's a good question. I Love a good RAMSEY rule follower Valerie. Yeah, so, so, so basically what it means is, is like once you get out of baby step three, okay, and you've got that three to six emergency fund, three to six months, then you begin to take the budget, we reorder the budget, right?


And So we take 15% of take home and we invest that and that is for retirement. And So you begin to make that happen. Now, now you start working the rest of the budget, right? And so now we go, okay, we're gonna put some, we're gonna put what we can away for baby step five, right? And, and, and so you may have enough income where you can do all at the same time, but you may not have enough income to be able to do that. And So you may be in four and five for a while. Does that make sense? Yes. So you suggest putting all 15% before you do five and six, right? Yeah. Because well, it's not about before it just becomes the thing, it's now this is the next thing we do. It's like budgeting.


Okay. Right. So once we get through baby step three, the automatic is every time we get a paycheck, we're, we're putting our money away for, for retirement. So it is, it's just in perpetuity. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. Thank you so much. Yeah, Absolutely. That's a really good call actually, you know, 'cause we have a lot of people that join us all the time, John. And so do you wanna talk about the momentum behind that and, and, and why Dave over the years developed that? So it, it feels, and there are times where you can do four, five, and six all at the same time. Sure. But that's a function of margin, Right? It's exactly. And or sometimes like I was really close to paying off a house, so I paused in I guess technically four, five. I paused putting money in retirement 'cause it was like six months away that's, and I could escalate, I'm just gonna hammer it.


But, so there is some four, five, and six flexibility. Yeah. But the cornerstone principle is if you got kids, there's gonna be some educational expense at some point that you don't want them to have to choose between no education or debt. Right? There is, you are gonna have life after work at some point or life after an ability to go in and and be given a paycheck And you have to prepare for that. So you start saving for retirement. Dave's found 15% over the long haul is a good amount of money that's gonna Give you a good lifestyle on the end of it. And then, yeah dude, try to work towards a, a, a world where you don't owe anybody anything including your mortgage man. But yeah, I think that the hard part for me, the hard part for most people is toggling out of the ah, which is baby step one, two, and three, getting outta debt and getting an emergency fund and then settling into living a life, right?


Like what do you want life to look like for you? And I think that's a hard part for everybody. It really is. And we say, we use this phrase a lot and it can sound cliche and I don't want it to be cliche today, but we talk about we're moving now out of baby step three and we've been super, super intense and now we want to downshift, if you will, to intentionality. And it's From i Intensity to intentionality. It's always easier to blame Dave for all your decisions. Four, five and six is where you guys sit down and say, that's what kinda life do we wanna build for ourselves and what's that gonna look like? And you gotta own some of the the consequences there. That's right. Good stuff. Good hour. Dr. John Delony. I wanna thank James Childs and our amazing crew behind the glass to keep us on the air And you America for listening.


This is The Ramsey Show.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show front row seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life and to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out front row seat wherever you get your podcasts.