
This inflation thing's a big deal. So in the first 90 days, the strokes that you make to change the economy when you're elected, that's pretty dramatic. I believe I'll be able to get energy down to 50% of what it is right now within a period of less than a year. I know small businesses are where jobs come from. When you guys in government can take your hands off of small business, we're able to employ people and change things. So how can you help small businesses? You have to love what you do. If you don't love what you do, it's not gonna work. It's the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. That's why we became so successful. You think, you Know, it's funny. Do you think we can do that again? Yeah, I think we can go lower. If I don't turn my head at the exact 90 degree angle, if I was a little off.


I'm not doing this very nice interview with you. I Hear you. Going back to Butler and finish the speech. I am, I'm gonna say, Hey guys. Dave Ramsey here with The Ramsey Show. If you don't know what The Ramsey Show is, it's a show about life, about money, about relationships. It's not a show about politics. We specifically over the years, have tried to remind you over and over again that what happens in your house is more important for your success than what happens in the White House. We also realize that this election is a really important time right now, that people are really looking at what's happening. There's a real divisiveness in the air, a lot of anger in the air.


So our team reached out to Vice President Harris's team about the opportunity to sit down with her for a long form interview and reached out to President Trump's team about the opportunity to sit down for a long form interview with him and to talk about ideas, talk about what's going to happen, not what has happened, and not about personalities and not about name calling. 'cause both sides are pretty good at all of that stuff. And the fact that I sit down with either one of these candidates is gonna piss some of you off. And frankly, I'm perfectly fine with that. It's something I wanted to do and I felt like it was something we needed to talk about. so I find myself sitting here in Trump Tower getting ready to interview President Trump for a few minutes.


I think you're gonna find this really interesting. So President Trump, thanks for taking time to sit down with us. thank you. Very honored to be with you. Good to hang, hang out with you. As you know, we do a show called The Ramsey Show, and talk to regular folks every day calling in most of the time with financial trouble, right? Sometimes with financial victories stuff we've taught 'em to do the basic grandma's common sense stuff, right? And that audience that's gonna be watching this is, they're not concerned with a lot of things, but they are concerned with $8 eggs, right? $5 gas, 7% rates they be, and a house they can't afford with wages not going up as fast as house prices, right? This inflation thing's a big deal.


So in the first 90 days, the strokes that you make to change the economy when you're elected are a big deal. What are you, what's the first things you're gonna do on that, in that front? Well, In terms of inflation, you're right. And it's almost inflation over the economy if you wanna really know, because people are getting wiped out like never before. I think it's the highest inflation we've ever had. They say it's the highest in 48 years. I think it's the highest ever. There's never been any mess like this. And it's because of what they did with energy also. Then they topped it with spending with money that trillions and trillions of dollars that they didn't need. That's being just wasted. But the first thing you have to do is get the energy down. If you get the energy down, other things are gonna follow.


You want to get the interest rates down to, and interestingly, even interest rates are gonna follow energy because this is gonna take that burden off the shoulders of the economy and off the shoulders of inflation itself. And, we are going to drill at a level that you haven't seen since let's say four or five years ago. But even more so, we would've been so dominant by this point. If you remember, when you go back to the beginning of this really failed administration that we're in right now, what they did was they turned off the energy, they turned off everything that I had Built. So you turned back on the keystone, you're gonna turn back on the drill baby drill line and the it's drill baby in your acceptance speech at the convention.


True It. It says it all. You know, I'd like to use another line, but there's no line that's better and we're gonna drill, baby drill. But the fact that they turned it off and then the energy, if you look back at the very initial period of their administration, the, the numbers started going through the roof, the energy numbers, inflation was good. And then they went back to Trump where they're trying to equal it and it kept it bad as opposed to horrific. And it's been really bad. And the energy has been very expensive, but nothing like it could have been. So they went back to Trump type things. But we would've been now three to four times more, we would've been dominating the entire world on energy.


We have more than anybody else, as you've heard me say, but as you also know, right, we have, I call it liquid gold. We have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody else. Actually, by far we would've dominated, we would've been taking care of Europe, we would've been taking care of Asia, we would've been taking care. You know, Anwar in Alaska is the biggest find anywhere in the world. It could be as big as Saudi Arabia and I got it. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it. Nobody could get it. I got it. It was done, ready to start. And when these people came in, they turned it off. They, they, they terminated it. Nobody could believe it. Don don't know if people realize that, you know, 10 to 15% of the entire economy is energy.


Right? And it weaves its tentacles through everything else. So $5 gas affects the bread truck delivering the bread. Yeah. And that affects the cost of the bread then. And so yeah, getting that plentiful right, changes everything. so I have a little thing that I've been saying lately because I think it's easily achievable. You know, we pay very high energy costs and especially now, but we're paying very, very high. I believe I'll be able to get energy down to 50%, 55 oh percent of what it is right now within a period of less than a year. Wow. That's pretty good. It's gonna happen fast. Okay. It's gonna happen fast. But What are you gonna do to do that?


What causes that? They're gonna drill, they're going to, they're gonna frack, they're gonna do things that they, they have tremendous additional, So taking the regs off, taking the regulation Gloves off. Yeah. Yeah. We, oh, we have to, they put 'em back on. They put regulations back on that. Areas that have no environmental, real meaning they don't let 'em drill. They, they're taking leases away. Government leases that you're hearing about. I think we can get energy costs down to half of what they, if we do that, That's pretty dramatic, is If everything, all of those inflated prices are gonna come down with it. I think the other piece of that, and I know he was part of your administration and you and I were talking before we turned the cameras on, right? That we have a mutual friend in Art Laffer. Wow. He's great. and I know he helped a little bit with the tax code in the last administration.


and I personally have experienced the Laffer curve that lower taxes right. Causes increased revenues to the federal government because it heats up the economy. And I'm a small business guy. When you lower my taxes, it doesn't mean I put it in my pocket, it means I hire people. Right, exactly. And so talk about lowering taxes in the first year of your administration. Yeah. You probably saw my plan and I think we have something really good. I was yesterday in North Carolina, which is great. That was the furniture capital of the world. And China then went in and did a number and took so much of that business. You know, most of that business, the talent. I used to go there to buy furniture, hotels and things. I, It was Hickory, North Carolina. Yep. In Hickory. I was in Hickory yesterday and made a speech and we're gonna bring it all back.


What we're doing is, there's sort of a two face number one, I took taxes from 39% to 21%. You know that better than anyone. It's the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. And that was great. That's why we became so successful. You Know, it's, do you think we can do that again? Yeah, I think we can go lower. And I'll tell you what I'm doing. I'm bringing it from 21 to 15, but you have to manufacture your product here and then you pay 15% and then I'm gonna put tariffs on countries so they can't come in and steal our business so that our businesses now can be competitive. Not that, I mean, China came in and just stole all our furniture and, and many other industries by the way, including steel and I saved steel by putting 50% and a hundred percent tariffs on all of all of the steel that they were dumping.


But we're gonna do, so in other words, this is a dream for you. Then we're bringing the tax rate from 21. Remember it was 39 and it was really 50 of you add state and local and all of the other things. So we're gonna bring it down from 21 to 15, I got it down to 21, which everyone said was impossible and got it approved by Congress. So it's, you know, it's there. And we're gonna bring that down to 15. But you have to make your product in the United States. Yeah, And. we do see federal revenues go up when the taxes go down because the economy Goes well, you saw it with me. So That's, so what we saw it with Reagan too. You saw it with Reagan.


So at 39% and then down to 21%, you would think we'd do half or you'd do much less in the first full year. We did much more revenue in the United States than we did at 39. In other words, we took in much more money. Which is how you solve the deficit. I mean, bill Clinton almost bounced the budget with this exact same principle. Yes. Yeah, that's true. That's true. He did. And cost cutting. Yeah, we have plenty of cost cutting to do too. And that's okay. Yeah. That, that's Definitely, in fact, I'm going to ask Elon, who was a great guy, but he's a pretty good cost. That was a great interview. Yeah. Oh, that was a great interview. Yeah, it was. That was, that was some interview. We did pretty big numbers. I hear we did like 900 million people or something.


That was a pretty good, but he's a great guy and he gave me a full endorsement and all of that. But he, he's got a good sense on that. There's tremendous cost cutting that we can do and affect. Nothing, just, we're not gonna affect anybody. We're not gonna hurt anybody. We have to save social security and keep it good and solid. don don't wanna be raising ages or anything. I don't wanna do, they're putting migrants into social security when, when they get finished, they are, if she got elected, this country is going bust. If she got elected, we're going back to 1929. Depression. It's, it would be a disaster for Medicare, social Security.


They're allowing millions and millions of people to come in. You can't use these schools anymore. The quality of life in this country has gone so bad because of what they've done. One of the things that our viewers know about us, we work with tens of thousands of small business people. And so coaching them, 54% of the gross domestic product is businesses. 500 people or less. Yeah. Almost everyone in America ha over half. Almost 60% of the people work for Yeah. A small business. and I know small businesses are where jobs come from. Yeah. Not from government. So politicians don't create jobs. Small businesses do Small businesses, business Kind of businesses. People like me off when they, yeah.


When the politicians say they're making ones making the jobs, we're the ones making the jobs. Right. But when you guys, when you guys in government can take your hands off of small business and allow us to do our thing, we're able to employ people and change things. So how can you help small businesses? Well, the best way is just letting them do what they have to do. But we still have to give them a playing field. If we don't give them a level playing field, they will die. And that's what happened before. That's why China came in. That's why all the, they came in and they came in at a level like nobody's ever seen And. we did nothing about it. So the word tariff to me is a very beautiful word because it can, it can save our country, truly. And yet, I think because of graft, because of a lot of consulting payments and other things that given by other countries, we have so much fighting with politicians on using it.


I saved our steel industries by putting tariffs on steel that China came in and dumped. And you know what they do? They dump and dump and dump. Everybody goes outta business. Then they buy those businesses very cheap and then they raise the prices to higher than they ever were. That's one of the many benefits that they have if they wanna do it. But by putting tariffs on, as an example in the furniture business in, in North Carolina, it was so vibrant and they stole our business and they charge us. If you wanted to build a furniture place, if you wanna sell your furniture in China, they won't take it. But if you wanna build a plant in China to make furniture in China using their labor, they open it.


We're doing the same thing. But a lot of people like, oh well we don't want to have tariffs. The country was at the richest point in its history in the 1890s. It was all tariffs. If you looked at William McKinley as an example, he was a big tariff president. They had committees that were put in charge of what to do with the money we were taking in so much money. And McKinley would say, why should we let other people come in and steal our factories and steal our workers and steal our jobs and why shouldn't we benefit? And he tariffed the other countries, And, we made so much. And then they went to the income tax system later on.


But they would actually have, they had a blue ribbon committee. Our country was so rich, they didn't know what to do with the money. And this blue ribbon committee was set up to determine how can we spend all of this money? And they took it in through tariffs. But we can turn our country around, make it strong, and then guard it with tariffs. Yeah. Let's change gears for a second. My wife Sharon and I were in Scotland two weeks ago. And, we played a bunch of different courses there, including Turnberry. Good. Which arguably, according to the golf guys I was playing with is the nicest course in the UK right now. And certainly the halfway house. Oh, the Lighthouse out there Isn't that good? Turnberry's amazing. Yeah. But what I, what I came away with, not only is the golf course.


Great. Just just to give you a huge compliment. thank you. You know that. But the staff and the team, the excellence in the hotel Thank, you and the restaurants in the golf shop, everybody we dealt with talk about what it's like to work for Donald Trump. How do you hire leaders and put people in place that do that? 'cause I know you're obviously not there personally managing that, but you put a culture in place in your organization. And that applies to the administration as well. Hiring people. Yeah. That are quality leaders. Well, my son Eric is very much involved and he runs a lot of it. And Don helps out a lot. And Ivanka to a lesser extent, you know, she's a great mother and everything. She did a fantastic job in the administration.


All she wanted to do is get people jobs. And she'd go around and see Exxon and c, Walmart. She wanted jobs for people. It's really pretty amazing. She could have had a very glamorous job and she would've done well. But Eric's done a great job. and I did a similar type of job when I was doing it. Now I'm doing a thing called running for president. so I don't get, but we rebuilt Turnberry. Turnberry was considered one of the greatest courses in the world because the land is so incredible, right. With the ocean. And yeah. You know that ninth hole over the, you're hitting over the ocean. How good a golf were you? Eh? 13. Alright, that's not great. I'm learning. I've only been playing five years. I'm just learning. Oh, oh really? Yeah. Enjoyed you. And Bryson's 50 wasn't that great.


Great. That was fun. That was a great video. That one did well in terms of the ratings. It did. And he can swing a club And he can swing and he's a great guy. And he is very long, very straight. And you know what? He's a great putter. Yeah. One Of the best putters. He's one of the best putters in the world. He, that was a quite an exciting thing. We got it down to 50. You actually pulled one hole off. I watched it. Yeah. Well it all rode on you. You carried one Even more than one hole if you wanna, but we, we, we did Well, we did well. Yeah, you did. It was very fun. so what leadership qualities when Eric's hiring did you teach him to look for? Well, I, I liked the recommendation business, but what I like best is taking people that are in the company and moving them up.


You take a waitress as an example, and she becomes the head of the restaurant, you say, 'cause you know, if certain people are good and when they work for you already, you know, you, it's better than recommendation. But if you don't do that, or if you can't do that for some reason, you really need strong references and you need, and then they have to enjoy their job. If they don't enjoy their job, they're not gonna be very good at it. So I ended up at a table. Ronnie Barrett. Yeah. Barrett right at 50 cal as a friend of ours. and I ended up at a table with him at, at an NRA convention with Eric and Donald. Got to spend some time with both of them. And you're right, they're impressive.


How do you raise great kids? What'd you do? So the grandkids are turned out the she granddaughter killed it. We have Oh, how good. The convention. Wow. She, she's a great, she's a great golfer by the way. Yeah. She's a, She's a great speaker too. She was good. She was, she a beautiful person in every way. She took over that whole Republican convention named Kai. Kai, our beautiful Kai. So what's Her parenting style, style thing? The one thing I always told my kids, no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes. Now in my day, there were no drugs. There was alcohol and cigarettes. And, and I had a brother that went through a lot with alcohol and, and he taught me a lot.


He really taught me a lot. And my brother Fred, and he had a problem with alcohol to put it mildly. And he would always say, and he was quite a bit older than me, and he'd been through it. And he, he would say, no alcohol. I never wanna see you drink. You know, very strong. And he'd also say, no cigarettes. But because, you know, cigarettes are like, you don't need, if you don't smoke, if you don't drink, you have no problem with staying off it. When you do drink and you, it gets, it's very hard to stay off it. I mean, I've seen very strong people that cannot get off. But the way you get off is if you never start, if you never start, I never had a glass of alcohol in my life.


I've never had, I have never had a glass of alcohol. If you can't believe it. I think largely because of my brother. I think if I did, I probably, I probably would've a problem. You know, personality type. Right. But I, I never had it last. I have no longing for it. I have friends that are on the wagon, as they say, and I watch 'em, watching trays go by, the trays going by. Oh, it's like they have, you know, it's, it's a thing that they can't get over with. Same with smoking. It's tough. I've seen guys just grab somebody's cigarette. They, they haven't had one in a long time. And to them it's like the greatest sensation. If you've never smoked, you never, you just don't have that problem.


so I tell people for their children, no drugs, no alcohol and no cigarettes. They, they obviously work really, really hard. How'd you teach the work ethic? They, they have to like what they do. If they don't like what they do, they do. My kids like what they do. and I would say, genetically I'm a believer in genetics. You know, I like it. I'm, I'm good at doing certain things and you know, race horses are like two slow race horses. Don't produce a Kentucky Derby winner. Right. You know, that's not the way it is. But you have to have an ability at something. And if you don't have the ability, don't do it. But most importantly, do something you like, whether it's your parents or not, you know, your parents want you to go into a business or they want you to go into a store with them if they have a store.


I would say that you have to love what you do. If you don't love what you do, it's not gonna work. I've never seen it. If you don't want to get up in the morning and go to work. Now a lot of people say with all the people that come after you, do you really love getting up in the morning? You understand that right. I be, I'm attacked at left and right. But I do because we, we make so much progress. We're doing great on the campaign, as you probably see with leading in the campaign now and doing well. We beat Biden And. we were up so far on him. And then they said, that's like a fight. You're in a fight. And they changed the fighter in the middle of the right, in the middle of the fight.


They changed the fighter. And now we're, we're beating her very badly. I'd be so interesting to see her in your show because I don't believe that she would be able to answer any questions on what you discuss. Yeah. Better than anybody else. I'm happy to have her if she'd come. I'm sure she would be sure. She'd love to come. Yeah. She wouldn't come. So I, hear you going back to Butler and finish the speech. I am, I'm gonna say, as I was saying. Yeah. Right. So when that happened and you get in the car, I know I saw a clip the other day that Melania was watching on television. Yeah. So she saw the, saw the shot. I saw you dodge saw you go down, saw you get up.


Yeah. And how fast were you able to get on the phone, talk to her? Well, I know she, she was calling and you know, I was little, little tough to take a phone call with blood pouring down your ear. Yeah. People don't know the ear is the bloodiest part. If you get hit in the ear, it's, it bleed. 'cause there was a lot of blood. But no, I spoke to her by, by the time I got to the hospital, I spoken to her and she was, she was sort of watching it. She had it held off for a couple of minutes and then somebody called her and said he's okay. He's okay. She said, what do you mean he's okay? What does that mean? She had no idea. And then she went back and pressed it and caught up.


No, it was tough for her, tough for my son to, he came out, somebody had said your father just got hit and he came in and he was very, very riled up. Yeah. That's a tough thing. That was a tough day. And I don't recommend it for anybody. I got no I got very lucky. Or maybe, maybe more than luck. Yeah. If you don't turn your head and start talking about the immigration chart at the precise moment, it's A problem. If don don't turn my head at the exact 90 degree angle. If I was a little off one way or the other. Yeah. It's, I'm not doing this very nice interview with you.


I wouldn't, I wouldn't be around to do this interview. So when you were in the White House for four years, you were talking about loving your work earlier. I have the privilege of loving my work. That's why I still work. You do. That's why I still do it. don don't need to obviously anymore. Just like you don't need to. Yeah. What was the most rewarding thing in the four years that you were there for you? So my whole thing is make America great again. All right. That's, you know, that's where why I do it. And, we did it then Covid came. We did a really good job on that. So it was always about making it great again. I had that, I had the country going just prior to Covid coming in at a level that nobody had ever seen.


And even if you go all four years, it was so good that even with that terrible interruption that just destroyed the world, we had the greatest four years. The economy was so great, the job numbers were the best ever, et cetera. and I think just that concept of what I had done. Just The performance. Yeah. But individual things, getting the tax cuts approved. Biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation, cuts in the history of our country, rebuilding the military. We, we did a job in the mil. I rebuilt the whole military and then you see a lot of that military being given to Afghanistan stupidly because they left the country. I mean, you know, and now you see them parading it back and forth.


That was I think the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. What they did. But there were a lot of individual achievements that we had. The creation of Space Force, you know, space Force is now dominating space. And when I came, there was no space force. The first time since Air Force. 78 years, maybe 80 years by now. And, we are dominating space now. And, we wouldn't be, we were being we, we were in third place by far. And now we're way in first place. And it's very important. Militarily. It's very important. President Trump, thanks for taking time. thank You very much sir. Your team told us you got a speech here in a few minutes, but I do. We were still able to squeeze this in. and I, appreciate your time.


Appreciate you hanging out with us a Little bit. It's a great honor. I've watched you for many years. I shouldn't say that because, but I can say it from both of us. I watched you for many years and a real pro Thank you very much. thank you brother. Good to see you. Thank. you very much Thank You.