
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today From Ramsey Network.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by my co-host and co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour. Rachel Cruz is here and we're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You call us and we're gonna have a good time and help you take the right next step with your life and your money. That is our guarantee. Andrew is calling up first in St. Louis. What's going on Andrew? How can we help today? Hey guys, thanks so much for taking my call. Sure. I'm not a fan of the show, so this is kind of an exciting moment for me. So my question is, I'm 20 years old.


I had an emergency surgery about a year ago, and now I have $43,000 in medical debt that I have no idea what to do with. And so I'm needing some guidance on that. Goodness Gracious. Oh man. Did your insurance didn't cover any por portion of it? I don't have, I, I don't have and didn't have insurance at the time. Okay. So no, there's no insurance. Did you tell them you were cash pay? 'cause usually you'll get a real steep discount. I did. I didn't even mention that. 'cause at the time it was, it was, it was a all in one day thing. It happened so quick. And then at the time I didn't even know how much it was gonna cost.


And then when I got to figure, I just, I was so dumbfounded, I just didn't even know what to do with it. So I've just been sitting on It. How long ago was that? It's been almost a year. It'll, I think we're just shy of a month now of being a full year. Have you made any payments? No. Okay. Have they sent it to collections? I, yes. I think they've sent part of it to collections. I haven't, I haven't checked in to see if they sent the full amount, but I know definitely 5,000 of that figure has for sure gone over there. I don't know about the full, Was that that a letter, Andrew? Or how did they contact you?


Yeah, so that was a letter I got in the mail and an email from the hospital themselves. Okay. What, where are you financially? Are you working, are you a student? Yeah, I'm, I'm working, I am one of three partners in a general contracting business that I've owned for five years with my dad and brother. And then just this, this past year, I started up a photography studio and that's starting to pick up steam. So I, I bring in about 20 to 25 a year. That's just what I take though. I generally don't take more, I've only taken what I need to from The photography or the dental You mentioned.


What'd you say about, You said you're a general contractor that's From the general contractor? Yes. Okay. That's from my general contracting. I take 20 to 25 a year. Yeah. Okay. Do you have health insurance now? No. I, I am getting it written up for me now. I've not really paid any mind to it from who until now. 'cause I've, I feel like it's been sitting a, a little long, it's, it's from a, a buddy of mine that he, he writes insurance for me and he is looking in to see what he can get me as far as health. Okay. So he is a legitimate insurance broker?


Yes. He's an insurance broker. He is looking into what he can write for me. Yes. Okay. That is something you need to get in place today. Okay. I'm, I'm wondering why. Okay. From a income perspective, Andrew, did the surgery affect your ability to work? No. Okay. Not at all. The income number is, is by standards really low. It's just what I take. So I don't, I don't have, Could you take more? I don't. Under are the rest of the process. You're not, you're not working there. You just own it. So you get like a dividend basically? Yes. Well, I do, I do work. So basically what it is, is my expenses are very low.


'cause I don't have rent. I don't own a home. I'm still at home with my parents. So I do pay them utilities and rent, but it's very small. I have a very small monthly budget. So essentially I just take enough to cover that monthly budget and a little bit extra to put in savings is all it is. So I don't, I don't So You, you're not charging full rate of the work you're doing as a contractor? No. The business is that I'm not taking. So where is that money down? Where's the rest of the money that you're owed for the work that you're doing? Well, it's not necessary. It's not money that I'm, it's not money that I'm owed. It's just money that I'm, that we leave in the business and use for business expenses. And then I just take what I need for my personal expenses.


So how much could you pay yourself in two days? Well, could you get 40? Can you give Yourself a Raise $42,000 to pay off your medical bill? Like, I, I, I don't like the way that's structured, Andrew, do you know what I'm saying? Like, if you're working 40 hours a week, I don you should be compensated. You're making $10 an hour. Yeah. You're not busting your butt. Not Yeah. That sucks. That's not, you should be compensated. Well, yeah. It's, it's, it's compensated more than that. It's difficult to explain. 'cause a lot of my expenses, a lot of other expenses are ran through the business. So it's just my personal expenses. Like I know Andrew, but you need more money to start saving. You need more money to start investing. You need more money for you to start saving for a down payment for a home.


Like you need more money. You're Gonna be stuck in the cycle the rest of your Life. You're gonna be stuck in this forever and not have any cash flow available to you. Does that make sense? Like you won't even be able to build up an emergency fund. Yeah. Making $20,000 a year. So your structure in this company is pretty whack. It doesn't allow you to be self-sufficient, which is part of the problem of you seeing $43,000 of a medical expense and you don't know how the heck you're gonna pay it. 'cause you're not making anything, even though your expenses are low. That's not the way to calculate an income. Does that make sense? Okay. Yeah. For you to be self-sustaining. Now, if you are working part-time, that makes sense. But for you to be a self sustaining adult where you are a full-time worker, you need to think, be thinking beyond what your expenses are now.


'cause you don't wanna be where you are now in five, 10 years. Do you, like, you want a house, you wanna be Yeah. Living on your own, paying your own electricity And you're about to have health insurance premiums kick in and you definitely need to Make more health. That scared me pretty good when I, when I had this happen. So Yeah, for Sure. So this is kind of your, your wake up call to you need to be restructured. You're paying Yeah. The way you're paid needs to be. And my fear is, is that the way you guys have conducted this family business is that they need you only pulling out 20,000 a year. 'cause they need more for profit. Like, I'm scared that you're getting shortchanged as an investment, quote unquote back into the company, but they're needing that margin to keep the company afloat.


And if you said, Hey, I need to be paid market rates as for an income, would they be able to afford you? I I hear what you're saying. I do hear that. I'm just, I don't really know how to explain it. 'cause a lot of my expenses are gone through the business. Does that make sense? I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. So I'm Okay, what, what expenses? Because I'm, I'm trying to help loosen this rope for you so that you can make more money to pay off $43,000 of debt that you have. Does that make sense? Yeah. So it's just, it's any, basically anything that can be a business write off is put through the business. We don't draw it into a personal income.


Does that make sense? Okay. Yeah. But yeah, but your food, your g I mean, And I know you live at home, it's just a, it's a very tangled way to do life right now, Andrew. So from a, from a money perspective. So you, I want you to hear that. I understand you guys are trying to do all these loopholes So you don't have to pay taxes, but you're getting screwed in the process, Andrew. You have no money. You're on the poverty line, You have no money, and you're living with your parents and you're expected to be paying $43,000 of a medical debt. So something needs to be restructured for you to make more money. You have to, Andrew, these bills are coming. Yeah. So I need you to feel the gravity of that. This is an adult decision and the business is gonna have to be making some different decisions for you. Or you're gonna have to leave the business and go get a job.


Yeah, I would to pay this debt. You gotta face the music and choose reality. Negotiate down the debt as low as you can, and hopefully you can get out of this mess soon.


Ever look at your phone bill and feel like you're trying to decode a top secret message. $17 and 42 cents for advanced signal optimization. What even is that? Well, luckily, Boost Mobile keeps it simple. Just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data with no contracts. Absolutely zero nonsense and a price that's guaranteed forever plus boost backs it up with a 30 day money back guarantee. So you can try it without feeling trapped. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. Restrictions apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY for details.


Christine is up next in Philadelphia. What's going on? Christine? How can we help? Hi George, How are you? Great, How are you? I'm Doing great. So my question is, I got remarried a couple years ago. Cool. And I have significantly more money than my husband. Congrats. And he's got, thank you. He's got maybe like $15,000 worth of credit card and student loan debt that I kind of offered the help with and he was like, no, no, I want to do it. He is, I'm just wondering if I should like push that or if I should just help him in other ways.


Like with like budgeting or like just Yes. To get him on the path to do it himself. All of it as a man, He wants how much money do you have liquid? Like, could you write a check today and be done with all the debt and still have plenty of money left over? Yes. Okay. But it sounds like he, this is a pride thing for him of like, no, I took out this debt, I made the mess. Let me clean it up as the man, He is a firefighter and he is like, I, I I wanna do it. And he's got, he is only been on for a couple years, so it's like he is making more now. So I told him to pause his contributions, which he, he did listen to me. And so he will probably have it knocked out in the next six months anyway.


Okay. But yeah, I think for me, I, yeah, like you said, the debt, the debt will be paid off and it's not gonna be even an issue, you know, here in a few months. But I think the bigger problem is the alignment on which you guys are making that decision because you are still speaking as if it is two different, you know, money situations under the one household versus if you all were saying, you know, as a couple, our goal is to build wealth and to do these things, whether it's replace a car, go on a great vacation. Like we, we have these goals in life that we wanna do, and what's the fastest way to accomplish those goals together? And the fastest would would be to get outta debt ASAP and start working towards those goals together.


So, but that's more of a holistic viewpoint that we see this situation as us not just him and you. Right. So there, so that, that's it. I mean, the debt's gonna go away, but my, my fear is that this mindset still stays and it'll take you guys longer to win financially and miss so many opportunities to continue to build a level of connection and intimacy as a couple and to say, Hey, we are one in every aspect of our lives, including this one. And so it just kind of stunts that if you continue with this mindset. So how would, I guess from, from my side and from his, like how would I, I've, I've been work And I, you, I don't know how you hit right on that, but you did.


And because it, it is like a, a struggle for me. 'cause I feel like I've worked really hard and sacrificed And I don't even have a college degree. I just am a really hard worker And I don't buy things that I shouldn't. Yeah. So how do I Approach it, approach it with him? Yeah. I mean, I think, I mean yeah. Approach It with him. I feel like I, I bother him when I'm overly like, oh, we need to be budgety. And he's like, All Right, all you wanna talk about is money and Totally, Totally. Yeah. So I think you can appreciate, and Georgie can probably speak into this too, with you and Whitney, you can appreciate opposites. Like Winston, my husband is like, Hey, look at this Excel sheet for the next seven years, my man.


I'm like, I don't really even want to look at that, even though I talk about money every day of my life. He's more into that stuff. George loves a budget, Whitney's a little bit more of a free spirit. So she Likes to know there is a spreadsheet. She doesn't want to actually look at it. Yeah, there you go. So, So you guys are gonna have different personalities, but don't let that stop you guys as seeing yourselves as a team when it comes to your money and seeing yourselves as one. So, So yeah, I think if you're, if you Go to him to your point and you're like, we need a budget tonight, I'm just so excited. Wanna a budget, he's gonna be like, oh, Christine, oh my gosh. Like, geez. You know what I mean? Like Exactly. Make kinda, I Think you guys need a dream date and cast some vision. Yeah. But I think it's more of like, it's just the mindset of, you know, it's not about the budget, it's not about the debt, it's us together as a couple.


I wanna do this life together. And part of that is like sharing the responsibility money wise, like that. I just wanna, I wanna work out of one account. I don't wanna Venmo each other bills and, and your income and my income, like let it all Go to one account. And together as a household, we are running this household in this family and money's just a tool to allow us to do the things that we wanna do in life. And let's do that together versus separate. And so that, that's kind of the, the way I would approach it. And then the tactical side out of that, once you guys agree on that holistic picture together is okay together as one, what do we need to do to be financially healthy? Well, we need to have an emergency fund of a thousand dollars check.


Okay, we need to be completely debt free. All Right, that's our next goal. Perfect. Let's put some of this money that's now in one account. You know what I mean? Right. Put that 15,000 there, pay that off. Great. Now we need an emergency fund. Okay, great. Let's do that next. We have a dream because we've done a dream date, just like George said, And we have a big dream to take the family to this destination in two years. So what do we need to save each month to do that? Right? Like, you start actually planning and living life together. Right. Is that helpful? Because I understand what you're saying And I think if we, I think couples usually go the tactical side, Zoom out Yes. First, and then you reverse engineer it with the tactical, It's, I have like a, a, a good amount. Like I, I have probably like close to half a million and plus I have about a few hundred thousand and like a, a rental that I own.


So I, I have to, I know I have to work on that and like combining and really switching my mind. Yeah. Is this a second marriage for him? No. Okay. I'm wondering, I'm just trying to figure out where this is coming from and if it feels like, well, she's coming in to swoop in and save me because she's done a great job And I've done a poor job and his whole life, his job is to save people. He, that, You know what I mean? It's Not right. It's emasculating to be like, well, can you come save me from my debt? I messed up. And So I think you, you haven't been approaching it with any sort of attitude of, well, you need to fix this and I'll fix it for you. I think let him experience some of this sacrifice and also paint the picture of the future and go, what's the best way to accomplish this?


Great. Let me just pay this off. You're gonna be sacrificing the rest of your life in this marriage to build wealth together, but let's get a clean slate faster. Okay. I hope that helps with him. I mean, if he really wants to do this on his own, he can, but again, it's not gonna lead you guys toward the unity that you need as a couple. Yeah. And, and I'm assuming Christine, so correct me if I'm wrong, you fully trust him financially? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay, good, good, good, good. Because to your point, there is a level of like, oh my gosh, you know, I've saved half a million dollars and handing that over. Right? I mean, just, we wanna just all say out loud, yes, this is a person that is trustworthy to share goals and us together, walk this path.


Right? 'cause we get calls sometimes, Christine, which is not your case, thankfully, but calls that they're like, I don't really trust him. And you're like, All Right, well, let's hold the brake, tap the brakes then before we do that. No, it's not that. So Yeah, it's, I mean, honestly, it's, it's like the opposite. Like he, like you mentioned George, I, I don't think he, he does not wanna feel emasculated. If anything, we have two small children. He is like, you don't have to work. I'll work more overtime. And totally. I'm like, no, it's okay. Like, I'll, I'll keep contributing and, And I can, yeah. But I, I don't want to take that away from him either as a man. So This is in the south, we call this block and a blessing. All Right? If, if you're ex you're offering this gift to him and he is saying, no, no, no, no.


That's block and a blessing. All Right? If someone wants to take me out to dinner, even though I can afford it, I'm gonna say yes. Because that's a gift they want to give me. And I think you as his new wife, it's something that you're offering and it feels like he needs to work for it. And the truth is he doesn't. He got you. That's the best gift of all. Aw, Thank you. So maybe he'll listen to this call and he'll, he'll be tracking. Yeah. And it doesn't make you less of a, a man or a woman. I understand. For guys it's a totally different perspective. I think, you know, there's differences in men and women when it comes to how we relate and see and view money. But, but that's the problem too, is I think we've related so much of our money there, our mistakes or our successes with who we are as a person.


And that's just not the truth. So whether he made a lot of mistakes with money, or didn't make a lot, or you were really great with money, or you weren't great with money, like regardless, it doesn't matter. It doesn't affect who you are as a person. And you guys married because you loved the person. And yet we live in this world where money suddenly is like this measuring stick. And So I have to earn and find value and covering up and or, you know, making up for my mistakes. Well, that's on. No, take all that off. Like that's not on you. We're doing this together. Beautifully said. Thanks for the call, Christine. This is The Ramsey Show.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking, and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner, changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, And I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values, and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston And I just signed up And we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus, anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them at Fairwinds dot org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY. Fairwinds Is federally insured by NCUA,


The Ramsey Show question of the day. Sponsored by Why Refi? If you're buried in defaulted private student loans, you're not alone. Reach out to YRefy to see if they can help build a custom plan to help dig you out. Visit Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


All Right. We have today's question from Denise in Massachusetts. My 51-year-old son invested $600,000 in a crypto exchange scam. Oh. And he cannot recover the funds. An attorney says he can sue the exchange that facilitated the transaction. However, after fees, he can only expect to recover about $25,000 of it. Should he go forward with the process of trying to at least get some of his money back? Yikes. Gosh, George, that's one of the highest ones I've heard You invest 600,000 and you'll be lucky to get 25 out. You're telling me there's 96% fees.


Right. I just don't understand that part. Yeah, but is the juice worth the squeeze here? I'm gonna say no. 'cause I mean the attorney's gonna cost money. I don't know if that inclu, I'm, I assume that includes attorney fees. We don't know. But the time spent and then the mental energy and it living rent free in your head during this entire time, which could take years Yeah. To go through with this. I don't think it's worth it. This is what we would call stupid tax on steroids. Well, $600,000 If you were gonna get potentially 600,000 back, I'd say yeah, let's fight it. Yeah. But to get a 4% return on this, I don't think it's worth it. I would try to rebuild as best as he can.


I mean, if he was able to amass $600,000 liquid to invest, I hope he does well for himself and he can try to rebuild. But could you imagine? I don't know that I, I mean that would make me, so this would Take years of would, so this would make me sick. I would take that, the money you're gonna put into this and just Go to therapy. Honestly, that's really what I would do. Because you experienced a trauma that no one should experience here. And it's one of the reasons I am not a fan of the, the world of cryptocurrency. Yeah. Not crypto itself. Just the world is rife with scams and fraud. So much scams. Yes. So many. And You can't tell what's what and what's real and is the exchange gonna go down and ugh, that's brutal. But I personally, I don't think I'd go through with it for 25 grand.


You can go make 25 grand for the time you would've spent fighting it. Yeah. Yeah. And then like you said, if you had to pay attorney's fees on top of it ends up being Yeah. Could get Real pricey. Yep. Oh, yay, yy. Okay. Stay away from scams and don't invest a lot of your world into crypto. Yeah. That's just one man state. Do You have any, do you have any desire at all? Because you know your baby except seven. I mean, like if you had, if you had a million dollars in a high yield savings account, George, Would I put any of it into crypto? Yeah. I think I, it hurts my soul to lose money. And there's too much downside. It's not worth the upside. So you even do it. You're like, I would just rather put everything in an index fund just to now knowing What I know, what I've, I bought some Bitcoin 10 years ago.


Absolutely. Right. Wouldn't we all buy into a company stock that we knew was gonna blow up? Yeah. Right. Sure. I would've bought Uber 15 years ago. Totally. Totally. Absolutely. Totally. So not Peloton though. Remember we looked that up? Yeah. Peloton. Oh my goodness. It skyrocketed, you know? Yeah. The pandemic and 2021 and then it just flatlined back down. And so just goes to show you even things that the trends Yeah. Seem like it's a brand that will be around forever. Of course. Yeah. And then you see Crocs exploding and you're like, okay, what is happening? What is going on In the world? What's happening in the world? Yeah. But I have no desire. I'm not angry about it. It's not like a staunch principle that I'm anti. Yeah. I would just rather put that into an index fund and Call it a Day and lower my up potential upside.


So yeah. That's Good. That's Good. One man's take. All Right. Tim is in Newark, New Jersey. Tim, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi guys. What's going on? My, so my nothing much, my question for you guys would be, So I make $850 a month in a career that I'm trying to pursue. Like long term, should I quit or stick it out because of the fact that it's like kind of a career I'm still trying to pursue. I, I'm, I think you're being generous calling this a career. What is this? So it's door to door sales for solar panels.


I knock on, you know, door to door. Yep. And why are you only making eight 50? I think it's just because my skill isn't there yet. But you're telling me this is what you wanna be doing. What do you wanna be doing in long term Something in like business long term like, And I thought that this would be like a good stepping stone because of like, you know, your face. I've heard that door to door is like the hardest. So that would be like a good starting point I think. I mean essentially, yes. Door to door sales is very difficult. I think the craft of that and the world that we live in has changed.


I think it 20 years ago was actually like a pretty profitable way to make, to make some money nowadays. I don't think that is, I think there's a way better ways for you to make more money and still learn sales and make more than eight 50. How are you eating Tim? How are you living paying bills and stuff? I basically, I mean, I live at home so my rent is nothing, even though like I've offered it, I use my parents' car for getting around. I pay for gas, but like, I don't, like a lot of expenses are not there. How old are you? Which allows me to do this. I'm 23. Okay. Did you Go to school? Yeah. So I graduated with a four year degree.


In what? From a pretty reputable college. Homeland Security. Well you have, you have a degree in Homeland Security. Yeah. What was the goal with that? In my senior year? So I originally went to college for kinesiology for physical therapy, but then I failed out of it. So I moved to Homeland Security and like studied computers and computer science. But So why aren't you working in cybersecurity making six figures That industry's booming From everything I heard. Like in my senior year of college, I figured that like it would make more sense to go into sales. But that's kind of like, maybe I'm, that's, I'm not entirely sure of what's like, you know, life experience kind of is like meet reality sort of thing.


Okay. Well the, I think basic facts, are your friends here going, okay, I'm making eight 50 a month. The average starting salary, That's what's called, that's what you, you can make less than that doing Instacart. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean more than that. Doing Instacart. I don't know who told you that sales was the answer. Yes, sales is a great skill to have, But if you're not good at it. Yeah. And, And I don't think doing door-to-door sales is, is your like ticket to this grand career in business? I think right now we need to get a full-time stable job in the field that we graduated in. Even if that's not the full-time, long-term thing. Just get it now. Get out on your own. That's gonna put some onus on you to figure this out in a different way.


Okay. I You have the, you have the degree. Could you go get a, I I'm assuming the field of cybersecurity. I don't know what else is out there in the IT world, in the tech world? Yeah, like there, I mean there's it, there's cybersecurity, there's, there's a whole, I would rather see you get an entry level IT job at this point than the door to door solar sales. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And the product, you're, you're pitching Tom or Tim, I'm sorry, is very expensive, right? So for people It's like $30,000 For people to, to take that On. Yeah. It's a long-term commitment, right. Of like 25 years. And unfortunately I don't have control over like if they actually end up putting it on their house, I just kind of, you know, set up the schedule sort of thing.


Is that what you're paid to do right now? How are you making the eight 50? It's not commission. Yeah, so it's commission. So if the person signs to put the panels on the roof, that's how I make money and to tell the truth. So that eight 50 is also including like a, like a first sign on bonus. Yes. So like it would actually be significantly less. And It sounds like you're doing a lot of work for free my man. How Long have you been doing this? Seven weeks. Oh, okay. So I Figured that like I figured like, you know, it's like expected to be kind of like, you know, bad at the, at the job when you're only seven weeks into anything. Right? But the money's where I'm kind of like conflicted.


Yeah, but If you're bad at a job that pays stable income, then you at least can eat. And right now you don't make enough to be on your own and at 23 with a four year degree, you should be on your own And not have to borrow your parents' car and stuff to, you know what I mean? We're trying to be progressing towards something And I think the field you're in the way that this is being sold, I just don't see it being like extremely successful anytime soon. And so, yeah, I, I'm with George. I would probably just go get a job in what your field is and then start dreaming and thinking. But we need to start practicing adulthood more than we are right now.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them and you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Buying or selling your home is a big deal between clickbait headlines and confusing data. It's tough to know what's actually going on out there in the housing market. So we are here to make the latest trends easy to understand. So median home prices went up slightly last month to $430,000 and more homes are on the market nearly 1 million, which is the highest since 2019. But in many areas it's still not enough to meet the buyer. Demand. Average 15 year fixed rate rose to 5.9% last month. It's still under six. I don't know if that's still the case at this very moment. I just saw rates for 30 year went up to just over seven. So if you're financially ready, a small rate increase shouldn't hold you back. If it went up 0.2%, that's not the difference maker. So if you wanna Learn more about the housing market trends and get free tools to help you buy or sell with confidence, head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market or click the link in the show notes if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


Zach is up next in Nashville, Tennessee right down the road. What's going on Zach? Hi, How are you? Great, How are you? I'm doing good doing What's your question? Yes. So I'm 22 years old. I'm currently making about 30 to $90,000 a month And I am trying to figure out when to make the jump into real estate 'cause that's kind of where I wanna take my end goal. Wow. Wow. Zach, we just talked to a caller who makes $850 a month. Yeah. Can you spare some change for our friends? Yeah, I did hear that. Yes. Whatcha doing to make 30 to 90,000 a month. What? So primarily day trading, the specifically the futures market.


Okay. How did you learn about this and are you using a platform? How does this all work? Yes. So I've been like practicing for about three or four years now. And then I decided to, my initial investment was $3,000 into an evaluation for a few prop firms. Yep. And essentially you use their capital and then you normally get to keep anywhere from 70 to 90% of the profits that you make. And So I did that back in October And I was able to pay my student loans off by doing it. Okay. And I, I got a major in finance from Lipscomb And I graduated in December. And So I kind of decided that if I'm gonna go all in on this, I might as well do it now and see where it took me.


And how long have you been doing this? So with the live funded accounts since February or March. Okay. Which is using your own money. No. So it's just the firms primarily at this point in time. So here's the question. If you're so good at this, why not use your own money? Yes. So a lot of the times right now I don't have $150,000 that I wanna invest in it and I'm well aware of the risks and if someone else is gonna take on the risk for me, I was raised the RAMSEY kid so you know, the less risk and the more success then that's kind of where I was going with it. Okay. So what happens if you make a bad trade?


You get kicked outta these prop firms, right? Yes. So there are systems in place to where essentially I have certain like drawdowns that I can hit. And a lot of times with every single trade I take, I normally try and move the stop loss which automatically sells me out of the market to break even. And so at that point it's, I don't wanna say it's impossible to lose money by any means whatsoever, but like a bad day would be me breaking even or only losing about a thousand or two. Okay. How much money do you have now that is liquid? About $50,000. What are you doing with the rest of this money?


So I had to pay off my suit loans 'cause I paid for my own college. Okay. And then I'm been in the process of trying to move just somewhere else in Nashville. So that's taken up a little bit, a little portion of it because it was like the first month's last month and that whole thing. And then I've tried to put away some for taxes 'cause I have to do it. Obviously I get taxed after you're Gonna hammered with taxes if you're making 30 to 90,000 a month. Yes. You gotta Set aside 40%. I have been my godfather's a CPA, so he is been trying to inspire me with some words of wisdom and he was good. He's been big on like the 40 or 42%. Yeah. So Really, and do you have any debt left?


I do not. No. Good. And that 50 k, let's call that your emergency fund plus some. Yeah, so that'll be like my emergency fund and then, you know, like something else happens like with family or you know, I like to take care of the people around me. So. Okay. And what's your question today? I am trying to figure out, so I've always wanted to get into real estate and so I'm trying to figure out when the best time would be to make that move and to start investing in real estate as well because the trading only takes me about maybe three or four hours a day. And so that's kind of where I'm missing out I think. And by real estate for you to own properties for investment for you to flip and make, make a spread for you.


Primarily Investing. And then I would try and do fix and flips when I could when I have the time. Okay, so you're wanting to buy and hold and put renters in is what you're thinking? Oh, Absolutely, yes. Okay. And obviously middle Tennessee, it's not cheap right now, So I was kind of wondering the best way to go with that. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Well, well with real estate we always say if you're gonna go beyond your primary residence, you wanna do it with cash. And so being able to buy, Should I own the home first? Well, ideally yes. To have a primary residence before you go and start doing investment real estate. Yes. So that would be, that would probably be the, that would be my goal for you Zach honestly would to be to move outta your parents and get a place of your own and and start working.


So you're renting, Oh you're renting on Your own. Oh, So you, you're not living with Parents growing up? I'm rent. Yeah. No, So I, I moved down here from college. My family is in another state. Oh, I gotcha. So, Okay. So I've been renting and then I just saw another year long lease by myself. Okay, I gotcha. So what are your monthly expenses right now? All in Probably only about three or four at most. That's probably expensive month. Okay. So let's call it four grand. So you're telling me if you make 30 grand, you set aside, let's say 40% of that right? Per time sir. So you'd still have about 15 grand left to just throw into savings accounts every single year. I mean, every single month. Yes sir. So you could save up a whole lot of money in a year.


I mean you could have a down payment ready in six months Ideally. Yes. Yeah. So the real estate side of the investment portion is, it is great but it does, it's not for income producing. Right. It's more to hold like you make money on that at the buy and then when you end up selling with all the equity 'cause you're holding it for so long, right? I mean decades. Yeah. For more of a long term instead of short term. That's right. Yes, that's right. That's right. So, So yeah, I mean I think it's a great goal but I think, I think the first step for you Zach, would be to get your to own property yourself, right? You know, for your primary residence before going and investing and getting a rental home and all of that. Because a lot of people do it the opposite way.


But What you'll end up finding is you're not really gonna make a, I mean the, depending on the, the home obviously and the situation, when you do that kind of investing, you're not making a ton of money. I think a lot of people have in their mind, I'm sure you wrote the numbers, you're a smart guy. But I think a lot of people in their minds have this like, oh my gosh, I'm gonna be making so much passive income. But by the time, especially if you go take a loan out, which a lot of people do for investment real estate, you're having to pay the mortgage, you're having to pay, you know, fees on top of that. You're having to pay, you know, everything it is to be a landlord for upkeep, all of it. And you're, you end up from a, from a net to gross standpoint with not a ton of cash. It's not like a big cash cow to have all of this, like in, in a residential market having one or two of these.


So I just want you going in eyes wide open just knowing what you're getting yourself into and that it's not, I don't know, I just feel like I see stuff like this all the time on social media and why has Wade done this? And I'm like, and it's not a bad thing, you know, I like diversification, I like having money in the market. I like having some real estate. Like I think all of that's really good, but it's not this thing that's like, oh my gosh, it's gonna be making me a ton of money. If anything flips will, like that's where we've actually seen, you know, from a short term perspective, actually see some pretty great returns Because you're not needing to wait on the market to appreciate 'cause it's been a little stagnant last Few years. Yeah. And you can get some really crappy houses and fill and gut 'em if you know what you're doing. Yeah. I mean that's a whole other business that you have to, it Takes a lot more work.


Have a buddy that's willing to help me out to a certain extent. And so, but then I would, I mean as of right now, depending on even even in like Antioch and myself to take out a loan for the initial part, but then I could pay it off by the time I flip it. So that was the other Thought had. So that's the fee that's that's the, that would be the wrong way to do it from Ramsey's standpoint. Okay. Because that's what ends up, that's how Dave actually ended up going broke is he borrowed on all these homes. You Get starey and go, that'll all work out and, And then you get stuck and you're having to sell it quickly because you're like, oh my gosh, you know, we have to, it's a flip and so we're needing to make a profit and you end up selling it for not as much as you want and then you end up not making the spread that you want and then it ends up going backwards and it's not good.


So cash is everything. And I would not count on this gravy train of day trading for too long. I would get out while you can when the getting's good. But just know this may not be a five year career. So I'd find something you can sink your teeth into with how smart you are my man. Thanks for the call.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. More and more people are becoming aware of the need for mental and emotional health resources. But so many of those same people still say they avoid getting therapy due to the fear of judgment. I know 'cause I've personally been there and I've sat with tons of hurting people over the years and a lot of them are scared to get help. Listen, when people won't get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts their families, their workplaces, and their entire communities. The world is better when people are healthy and whole. The world is better when you are healthy and whole. So if you're thinking about trying therapy, let's go through that fear of judgment and contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule. BetterHelp has a network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And BetterHelp has over 10 years experience matching people with just the right therapist. So to get started, just fill out a short online survey and they'll match you up with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time. And switching is easy and it costs no extra money. Listen, we're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delon


From the Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by bestselling author Rachel Cruz. This hour the number to call is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We are here to help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Sarah's gonna kick us off in Jacksonville, Florida. What's going on Sarah? Hi. I'm calling more to see if I can get some help figuring out how to help my dad. He is widowed and he's been scammed a couple of times in the past five years and it's a decent amount of money that he's lost from what he's told me.


He was self-employed in a pretty niche business and was recently pushed into retirement. The most recent scam, what do you mean? Pushed? Pushed into retirement? The physical labor of his job was just far too much for him to sustain his age. He's 65. Okay. Could he afford to retire? So the issue is he hadn't saved up a lot of retirement because growing up my mom was rare, very sick with a very rare cancer. And so a lot of the stuff that they were putting aside for their retirement ended up going toward her medical bills. Mm.


So a lot of what it seems like he's lost from both of these scams were the only nest eggs he kind of had left. Oh, That's awful. What kind of scams were these? The first, it sounds like it was a romance scam. Oh no, That was my fear. Yeah. The other one was crypto. And to be really frank and really clear, I understand like the crypto and some of the stuff that he was trying to do, I think he also kind of got sucked into selling things on Amazon type scam because he is trying to take care of himself and he doesn't wanna be a burden too. My siblings And I, you know, he's made that really clear And I think the effort was noble, although misguided Right.


The intention was good, but now we're, but the, yeah, the execution was terrible. He just, he kept turning to the next scheme to get him out of whatever mess he was in. Yeah. You know, this man has never gambled a day in his life and recently I saw two Powerball tickets sitting on the table at his house. Oh man. And you know, he's also never carried credit card balances. And now he's telling me like he can't afford a two hour trip, you know, down to see his mother for Mother's day. So Do you have any idea where he is financially at all? Sarah? Like, do you know what he does have? He's not letting a lot on to my siblings And I, which is making that a little bit harder.


I do know that the first scam was to the tune of 80 or 90,000 Mm. And he's only really, he took a, a home equity line of credit out on his home to be able to pay that off. And the next, the, the most recent crypto one, he's not giving our siblings a really clear answer on that. We, we've each heard him say different amounts. Okay. So we, Is he asking for help? He's not, we, How'd you find out about this? The very first one, and this happened, I wanna say 2020. And I remember specifically because I knew where I was when he called me and told me what had happened.


But the more recent one he also called but was really sheepish about letting on that there was a problem. Yeah. Sarah, are you the only solution? I'm Sorry, go ahead. Are you, are you, are you married? I Am. Okay. How are you and your husband financially? Where are you guys at? We are working on our baby steps. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. We are working on paying off a little bit of credit card debt And I think really have pretty minimal student loans. Okay. Because I work at a university and most of my tuition has been free. Yep. Thank God. But, And how old, how old are you guys and how old is he?


Dad is in his late sixties. Okay. And we are in our late thirties. Okay. The only thing that I can think that would be the fastest way to help him out of it, which sort of puts my husband And I in a bit of a predicament is we are currently living in a house that he owns, that he bought with the intent to flip. Covid happened And we moved into it because, you know, our housing got turned upside down and we're paying him rent, but this would, the sale of this house would knock out a good majority of the heloc, but that doesn't take care of the unknown dollar amount of the rest of the debt that he's got going on.


For sure. And has he approached you with that idea? Or is it just you and your husband thinking through like, gosh this is an asset that dad has and Well We've, yeah, we've intended to buy this house from him and getting it inspected and looking at a lot of the things, it's in pretty sore condition and the neighborhood is not the absolute best. So thinking of our future and our Kids. Yeah, you may not want to. Yeah, we don't want to. So it's sort of a Yeah. Do you, you know, we're, do you guys, I'm just thinking out loud here. Do you know how fast you guys can get out of debt? Consumer debt, you and your husband?


We are aiming for December of this Year. Okay. Well, which Will be really, really great. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't know George, I I wanna know your thoughts on this, but there's a part of me, Sarah, that he's not, I kind of wanna separate your dad's situation and you and your husband's, you kinda have to make those two different ideas in your head. And I think you and your husband need to make decisions on what's best for you guys. And it sounds like it's not a great house. You're probably not gonna buy it long term. You may even wanna get out of it soon, I don't know. But whatever you guys need, you make decisions based on that. And then if he raises a flag and says, Hey, as the landlord of this home, the owner of this home, I need the money So I have to sell this asset.


And you all just have to be ready if that's ever the case. But, but this whole idea of like, I feel like we need to do this for him when he's not asking. Right? Yeah. It starts to tangle, tangle the two families and two financial situations where I would wanna keep them separate and your heart is so great, Sarah, And I can, I can only imagine. He's such a wonderful, he sounds like such a wonderful man and you're like, How are you going down this road, dad? Like, you know better than this. Right? And it's almost so sad as a daughter to watch your dad make these decisions. Right. And so you're just heartbroken for him. Right. But also, it, it's hard 'cause you can't help people who aren't asking for help either. So, So I understand that you guys see a way out for him to a degree of this home and everything and that's very generous.


And maybe that's in your spirit and you're like, Hey, we do wanna offer this as an idea to him. And if you wanna do that, that's, that's great. But Al but also he's, he's not raising his hand, you know what I mean? To, to do anything right now. So I I almost in one way, keeping the two situations separate in your mind, but knowing there's gonna be a crossover eventually. 'cause it's his house, his name's on the, on the deed. And unless he's absolutely willing and open, it's gonna be hard to help him. It's like trying to help a brick wall. You're not gonna get very far. So I I mean, if he's willing to freeze his credit, cut up the cards, remove all these accounts, just remove anything in the path that could cause him to cause further damage would be what I would do for my own dad.


Yeah. And if he called the show Sarah and he was telling us this, we probably would say, sell the house and get your financial house. Right. I mean, that probably would be our advice to him. But he's not asking, do you know what I'm like, so, so it is hard to give advice or thoughts to someone that Doesn't want, I mean, he's probably feeling a lot of shame and guilt and doesn't want to drag you into it, is my guess. Oh, he is. Yeah. But if you can get him to open up and say, listen dad, I'm not here to judge shame. We just want to help. Yeah. In any way we can right now. We can't do that financially, but here's what we can do. But in my conscience, I know this asset is here and if you need to sell it, right, but you could give it as an option, but Give them the out. Yep.


Ugh. It's awful, awful, awful You guys. I get it. Inflation is hitting hard right now. Milk, bread, meat. The price of everything has gone up. So you can complain or you can do something about it. Like shop somewhere. Stuff costs less. I'm talking about Aldi, the newest sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Aldi gives you a no nonsense approach to shopping and prices that won't bust your budget. Listen to this, ALDI shoppers can save up to 36% on a typical shopping trip, which adds up to about $4,000 a year for a family of four. So stop over paying for groceries and start shopping smarter at ALDI where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at ALDI us. That's a ldi us


People ask me all the time. George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, How are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending, and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Well, the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget. That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what do you do when still listening to me? Go download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money right now.


If you enjoy the show, do us a quick favor. Hit the subscribe button wherever you're listening or watching. Leave a review, share it with a friend, click the button, word of mouth, send the text. It really means the world for us and it's the best marketing we could hope for, and it really helps spread the word. Joseph is in Sacramento. Up next, How can we help you, Joseph? Hey, how we doing today? Wonderful. What's going on? I just had one, I had one quick question for you guys. Okay. I am 22 years old And I am looking to either keep my credit card in order to maintain a high credit score or just get rid of it altogether.


Haha. What has caused you to have this either or scenario? Well, I've been listening to you guys for the last couple months And I went ahead and got rid of one of my credit cards. And then I went to apply for a house to rent and they required three lines of credit for three years and it kinda made me want to keep a credit card for a little bit longer. They need three lines of credit in order to rent. Yes. This one place that we were looking at. Okay. One place. Have you tried, have you ever tried to say, Hey, if I don't have a credit score, will I be able to rent? Yeah, I tried to see if they could do some sort of manual underwriting, but I was able to get a co-signer for the place.


Okay. And so where are you living now? I, I'm renting right now for pretty cheap And I am moving to the place that I was talking about in about a month. Okay. So once you're there, you're, are you asking should I maintain it beyond that? Yes. And for what purpose? At that point? Just to maintain a high credit score and keep it for business purposes, As in to take out debt for a business. Just, just to make transactions and to keep all my business expenses in one area. What I'm, what I'm trying to get at is that credit score is just saying, Hey lenders, you can trust me with debt.


That's all it does. So you can make all the business transactions you want without a credit score and without a credit card. So what I'm trying to poke at is to see what is the real reason you want to keep this credit score? 'cause I think it's beyond just making, renting an apartment easy. Right? Well, it might help me take out small debt and personal loans to help grow my business. Aha. Okay. This is where I go. I wholeheartedly disagree with that strategy. I believe that you can and should grow and run a business completely debt free, just using cash and business debit cards. Okay. So that's Where we would miss Lot. What business do you have, Joseph?


It's landscaping. Okay, good for you. That's great. And you've done it so far? All cash, no debt? Yes. Okay. So what is stopping you from growing at the speed of cash at this point? Do you make enough profit to reinvest in the business, buy new equipment, make new hires, all of that? Is that your Goal? Yes. I, yes I do. Currently I do not have any employees and I've downsized my business to just me to keep things simple. What is your end goal with the business? My end goal is to grow and have employees, but finding the right employees can be challenging. Okay. So it's really a hiring problem.


It's not a, a debt or credit score problem? Yes. But I would like to, you know, have, 'cause you guys say that having no credit history and score, it makes things a little bit more challenging to well, In way get rent a car or like, tell me, get a house. If you're gonna get a car, we'd tell you to pay cash for a reasonable used car if you're gonna buy a piece of equipment. I would say the same. Yes. And I've done that my whole life, but, And I, I was just thinking if I wanna buy a house in the future, would it be easier for them to look at a credit score or do the manual underwriting Easy is a debatable Question, which Yeah, I was gonna say what easy would be a number, which is what caused so much of the disaster of people that keep a score and the, and the computer basically saying, oh, okay, yeah, we'll give this person hundreds of thousands of dollars and then they can't manage it.


So easy isn't really, you know, probably the bar we're setting here. So Americans have chosen the easy path and they're in crippling debt and the credit score is living rent free in their head and they're wondering why they aren't winning financially. And so I've done manual underwriting when I got my mortgage and then paid it off. And it really, I thought there was gonna be more hoops to jump through. It was verification of income, verification of rental history, and one line of trade, like a utility bill or an insurance bill that was paid regularly. That plus a DA good down payment. They said, cool, that's it. I went, okay, sweet. So it's really not as difficult as people make it out to be. Our friends at Churchill Mortgage specialize in these types of no score loans and other companies do it too.


They're not the only ones. And So I tell that to say, I wouldn't keep the credit score around just in case I wouldn't keep it around for the house. 'cause what happens is, Joseph, you're gonna go, well, I could buy that equipment now instead of saving up for it, and that will increase my business revenue by two x and then it doesn't. And now you have payments and you have all this equipment that's going down in value while you pay interest on it. And it causes people to actually struggle And get out their business. And yeah, they end up having to get out of their business that they started in the first place because some of these moves that they make, they just, they, they, they get too excited, too fast and make decisions on, on a hopeful future that doesn't always pan out. And so just limiting your risk and living with such autonomy, Joseph, over your business, over your own personal money creates a lot of peace in your life.


And I think for a lot of people, they overextend themselves because they're confident they know what they're doing or they're trying to work the system of the credit card game and the credit score, right? Like all of this gyration, and, And I'll just tell you from a financial standpoint, you're gonna win with wealth faster doing it the old fashioned way of just living debt free because you're gonna have way more money freed up to invest and build wealth. And then also the other end of all of this, Joseph, that we, that we talk a lot about on this show is just your mental state. Like the idea of having peace and like sleeping at night and not owing anyone anything. Like there's a level to that in your life that is huge that you can't put on a spreadsheet, right?


So there's an element of the holistic person that we look at when we talk about money, and especially debt and debt robs so much from us, not just our income, but also our peace of mind. And so being able to be free from that and make your own decisions and, and it's gonna cause you to grow slower, Joseph, which is very frustrating. And I'll just say here at RAMSEY, like, that's how we've done it. And there's things like the way that this business is, you know, there's multiple, you know, up to 12 p and Ls within the RAMSEY, you know, under the umbrella. You know, there'll be a certain p and l and we're trying to do a project and it's like, Nope, we gotta wait on this. And you're like, oh, I wish we could just do it today. You know, like you, we wanna be urgent with things, but it actually forces you to slow down and actually make wiser decisions long term from a business perspective.


I believe so. Yep. That that's our, that's our sales pitch to you, Joseph, but you, you're, you're an adult So you get to make your own decisions with it. So the question America wants answered, Joseph, what are you gonna do next? Well, I think I might go ahead and just get rid of it. I still gotta kind of weigh a couple options in my head, but I appreciate your guys' time and it's some advice. Absolutely. What is your business revenue? I'm curious. So gross. I do $10,000 a month as a sole proprietor. Amazing. And what are you taking home out of that a year? What's your gross income on your tax return?


So currently I am not a contractor yet. I have my contractors test scheduled for this weekend. So right now it's, I'm a W2 employee with my business partner, but I've, I've been talking to CPAs and I'm thinking I should be making $6,000 a month cash. Great. Good job, Joseph. That's an amazing income at your wage. Well done. And it tells me you're doing a really good job with this business. Yeah, I'm doing what I can. Yeah, it's great. Proudy, man. Well done. And good luck on the tests this weekend. That's exciting. That's big. I love this. This was a great call. 'cause I think it points out the bigger picture, which is when you stop caring about your credit score, what you're really saying is, I'm done with debt.


It's not an option anymore. Yeah. And therefore, what am I gonna do next? Yep. What am I gonna do what grandma used to do and just save up and pay for things in cash. Now if I didn't have the cash, I wouldn't do it. Yes. And you know what? That simple philosophy George would, would save people so much pain. Like we talked to so many people on this show, and maybe you're listening or watching right now, and it is just like they're just carrying this weight of debt And we take out the debt. Life is great And there's probably a lot of people make the pay that are like, I wish I was Joseph And I was debt free. Don't, Joseph, don't Go, don't buy a zero turn mower with 0% financing. Don't Get it. Don't get into it. Oh, YY is it an easier life? Mm. It's easier to live with peace and debt freedom.


Is it harder to save up and pay for things in cash? Absolutely. But I'll take that every day.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is ai And I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster. Like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you'd better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter, no purchases necessary. And you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


All Right, George, you don't know this, but there's an anniversary today Whose It's not yours. No, it's not mine. It's actually a milestone in our friendship anniversary that happened today, three years ago. Okay. Think, think, think, think. What happened three years ago. Do you wanna tell 'em James? The year was 2020. I'll give you a hint. I made a lot of people pretty mad at you. Wait, has it been that long since Horsegate? Yes. It was three years ago today. And we're hosting together. Can you Believe that? That's really special. So Joy and shout out to Kate, Katie. Katie and her horse. Katie started all of this three years ago.


Katie. Katie called. For those of you that don't know, a lot of people do know this. 'cause it was a very popular call. Kate. Not in a good way. Popular Katie. You make it sound, it was infamous, I think is the right word. Katie called. She's a horse girl. We all know about horse girls. Right? They're very obsessive about their horses. They love their horses and their horses. They will keep their horses even if it doesn't make financial sense, Even if it causes them financial ruin. So poor Katie was really not in a good spot. And we're wrapping up the call, the music's coming on, the segment's ending. And George is like, Katie, you gotta sell your horse. You gotta sell the horse. That horse doesn't even know your name. Katie sell the horse.


And I was Fla, not a great impression of me, but Flabbergasted Rachel's face was the best part. I was like, you can't, because you represented what everyone was feeling in America. The horse Doesn't even know your name. And I thought George Kamel. Well To be fair, I said, Katie, I know this, would you be willing to sell the horse? It was worth like $20,000. She told me. And she said, well I've had It for 11 years. And it's like, fa, I said, Katie, the horse doesn't even know your name. Sell the, and then we Go to break. And So we had to come back and do some damage control. I Know. But Anyways, And we ended up becoming friends with Katie. She was very sweet. She actually ended up coming to a live event In Indiana. Yeah. And We got to meet her in person. Anyways, it's very cool. Infamous call. Very.


And a lot of the people that follow the show closely, they know the call Well and they talk about George selling the telling her To sell the horse. The anniversary of Horsegate. Yeah. So horse didn't think that was something that was Horsegate happened three years ago. So anyways, I thought I'd bring that up to you. I Had not realized over a thousand days had gone by. I need a sign. Like a thousand days has gone by since George was super mean, but Super mean to Katie. Yeah. Or Katie. I hope, I hope she's dead free by now. We gotta check in with her. Where are they now? We should, it'd be good. I'll send her a message and she'll give an update. Yeah. But goodness gracious. Thank you for that. Shall we get to the news of the day? Yeah, let's Do it. Okay. Yeah. This is a recent article from Yahoo. Liam Payne of One Direction died without a will, leaving a 32 Million Estate.


Wow. Okay. So we've heard about celebrities dying without a will. Prince famously died without a will. And now his former partner, Cheryl Tweedy, who's also the mother of his son, has been named one of the administrators, Not a princes of, of Liam's. Yes. Yeah, good point to make. So along with Cheryl, there's also a music industry lawyer. Richard Mark Bray was named as another administrator. And so now they've gotta deal with this estate over in England and Wales and deal with the laws of the state and sit in courtrooms trying to figure it out how to do this all because Liam didn't have a will in place stating, here's the beneficiaries, here's the wishes.


All of the things that go along with making a will. And it's really sad, especially, you know, he was 31. I know he was so Young when he died from this tragic accident in Buenos air. Yeah. Ooh. It's a good reminder to everyone out there, whether you have 32 million or $32 to your name, you need a will. Yes. Wills are not for a certain level of wealth. No, no. And yeah, get a state specific will, they're inexpensive. It takes a little bit of time, but just fill it out and talk about it. And it is really sad, George. I just feel like more and more we hear stories and even in my own, you know, with my own personal friends, you know, there'll be family members that are in accidents or things and like, it's hard questions to kind of figure out even from a health standpoint with someone, right?


Yeah. If they are in a, in a condition, healthcare power Of attorney and Yeah. All of that. Like it's so doing all of that is such a g like beforehand, before something happens that is such a gift to your family. It really is. 'cause the decisions are made. They're not having to sit and battle in court and pick through everything and think through everything. Like it's all laid out. It's all there. And it's just, it is the responsible thing. It's part of being an adult. Yes. And taking care of it. So life insurance a will, like all of these things are very, very important. It's not a baby step, it's a get the will done today. And so this is one of those areas as well where people think it's too heavy to deal with. Like I don't wanna have these heavy questions, heavy conversations. So what I'll do is leave it for my grieving family to deal with on top of the loss.


They now have to deal with this. And so it's really important to get done


And I did it online. We have a great partner in Mama Bear Legal Forms. You can head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash will and there's no lawyer fees, no fancy offices. You can just knock it out all online. Yes. With attorneys that are built by attorneys but without the price tag. So it's super inexpensive. It'll take you a little bit of time to answer these questions, but then it spits out the document. It's pretty fast. Yep. And You have it in place. Yep. So great reminder to everyone out there, get this done today. Let this be the wake up call.


Oh, okay. Moving on to Anthony in Chicago. Anthony, welcome to The Ramsey Show. How can we help? My question for you guys is, how do I talk to my alpha father about being overwork and undercompensated in our commercial family business That consists of me, my mother, and my younger brother. Wow. What kind of business is It's a childcare business. And what's your role? Sometimes I struggle with even that question. I know I do pretty much Everything.


Everything. The teacher manager, role, accounting, work, maintenance. And what do you get paid? Right now I'm getting paid 28 hour. We have a pretty good center. Okay. Pretty much maxed out. It's just like a, I've been working here, I really gave my whole entire life to this. And I feel as if like I'm living my parents' life and not really fulfilling anything in my life. I I I have a child even of my own now. And Are you done with this business? Would you wanna just go do something else or do you wanna stay in the business but you feel like you should be more, have more ownership and more compensation?


I definitely feel like I should have more ownership and conversation and I've been in it so long that I feel like it'd be better for me to stay in it, but at, at the rate of how my, my peace and how it's affecting my mental, it's like I I I'm at a witty end. I'm, I don't, don't really know what to do. That's kind of what I'm, what I'm calling you guys. Yeah. Is your, are you at the end of your rope because of the family dynamics are exhausting, the hours you're working are exhausting. The type of work you're doing is exhausting. What's like creating that, that gap for you? It's really the type of work that I'm doing on top of the respect, You know? Okay. I mean Yeah.


When you, you started the call by saying, my alpha dad, what does the alpha term mean here? Is it just he runs the show, he tells us what to do and we're not gonna talk back and make any tweaks. He's not there to listen to us. Yeah, pretty much that. Okay. That's, I mean, that's a sign of just poor leadership. If it wasn't your dad, you would say, man, this is a toxic boss Man. Literally. If it wasn't, I feel like if me and, you know, my, my brother weren't working, I don't understand how the, how it would, So here's, here's my takeaway, Anthony. If it robs you of your piece, it's not worth the paycheck. It's that simple. I think we need to have a conversation with dad and say, you're done.


'cause he's not gonna change. It Sounds like he's made that clear. Right. And no amount of money is gonna make this better. Yeah. How old are you Anthony? 33 years old. Okay. Yeah. I mean I, I I would sit down probably with him, which would be very scary. It sounds like it's not gonna To tell be a fun conversation. No, it won't be. But I think as a man for you to say, you know, I don't know what has to change for you, Anthony, for you to be in a better spot. And I don't know if that's, Hey, I, this is what I need in this work environment for me to stay.


Or if there's nothing you need and you really just don't even wanna stay, then I would give, I would give a notice and give a, a hefty notice to say, Hey, I, I'll work another 90 days here So I don't leave you guys in a pinch, but my, my time here is done. But I think giving some of that, having some of those conversations sooner than later is very respectful. 'cause it is a family business and you wanna leave really, really well. But unless there's some, a conversation about this is what has to change for me to stay, that's one conversation. Or Anthony, if you're thinking, I mean, there's nothing that would change, So I wanna stay here, then I would have the Yeah. The conversation, the exit, which is so hard. That's what, that's what makes family business so sticky is it's so intertwined and it sometimes can hurt the relationship.


These days, the internet is chockfull of so-called investing advice from random goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor RAMSEY Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck, you're wondering where your money's going. Your first step is getting on a budget and our team is hosting a free budgeting training this month where you'll learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. Plus, you'll get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. So go sign up spots are limited and it's completely free. Go to EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Adam is in Atlanta. Up next. What's going on Adam? Hi there, How are you Doing? Great. How can we help? Great. Yeah, so I'm calling, I am a disabled veteran. I have a spinal cord injury and a debilitating rare disease. Mm. So sorry. 'cause of this I have a white Oh, appreciate it. I have a, a 1-year-old and a wife And I want to build wealth for our family. So I'm calling to ask for advice on how I could do that with a debilitating condition. Oh my gosh. Adam, I guess is the debilitating condition. Would it, like physically, are you able to sit at a desk?


Are you able to do any kind of work at all that's not physical? Or is it, is that almost nearly impossible? Sure. I, I can explain as best I can. So it's a rare disease that most similar to multiple sclerosis. Oh wow. I cannot, I cannot sit up straight in a chair for over five minutes before I'm in debilitating pain throughout my entire spine. Oh my gosh. I wake up with migraines, nausea, nerve pain. I'm in bed a lot. Wow. Ugh. I'm so sorry. Do you have disability? I do.


I got injured. You know, I'm, I'm only 32, So I got injured and got disability. I didn't have a lot of work experience dealing with that. So it's, I get about 852 a month from disability. And that's, is there any other income coming in? Yeah, So I, I do get VA disability. I make, let me pull that up. I over 5,000 from that 5,600. So that's been very helpful. Okay. And, and then, and then my wife, she is a part-time film editor and also gets paid as my caregiver. So we have been incredibly blessed with that. Okay. And what does she make a month?


She makes I would say a month over 5,000. Okay, So you guys are Yeah, around that. Is That 11 grand? Yeah, Around 11 grand. Yeah. Yeah. And the only other issue I have is, so because this is a very rare disease, doctors don't know how to treat me and I've had to go outside of the conditional, you know, regular medicine And I pay around 15 to 20 grand a month. I mean, I'm sorry, a year just on my own medical treatment. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's gonna be a big part of your budget every month is just making sure that you've set aside that amount to cover those things.


Yeah. So that'll be an ongoing cost. And We do Okay. And your question is, how can I build wealth? Yeah. And so, and and there's one more thing to explain, explained I'm, again, another blessing of ours is I've been in, I got into the tunnels to Towers program as a disabled veteran and they bought us land and are building us a property. Wow. So we don't have to buy our own property, which is God's been, even though I'm very sick, God's been blessing us incredibly. Wow. So I trying to Yeah, That's incredible. There's some upside In the Yeah, I'm sorry, go ahead. Yeah, no, I was gonna say, yeah, there's a lot of upside to this for you guys, to your point in being such, in such a tragic situation.


Yeah. Well the good thing is, is your age number one is that you guys are still young. I mean, you, you have a lot of years to be investing and building wealth through that and it may, you know, look different. You know, it may be one of those things unless your wife chooses, you know, to go more full time or chooses a different career path and starts making more money that you, you guys would probably have a somewhat consistent income for a while. Right. I mean, nothing really is probably gonna change majorly unless I'm missing something. And I guess she would be the only factor that if she decided to change something, you know, that could cause an increase in income. But, but even for that, and even with your medical, the fact that you, I mean, if you guys just even invested, I know you pulled up the calculator George, but just, you know, even a thousand dollars a month or whatever it looks like.


I mean, that does build wealth long term. Yeah. We, we always say that your greatest wealth building tool is your income. And even though you're not working, you guys have a great income. And so that's the key is how much of that can we live off of versus invest. And so if, do you guys have any debt right now? No, we don't. Great. And you have an emergency fund saved? Yeah, 40,000. Amazing. Mm. So I, you know, I'm crunching numbers here. Here we also have, oh, what's that? I was gonna say we also have another 20,000 that we've saved just for if real estate or we we're just not sure. Yeah, I mean you could, you could max out two Roth IRAs. Now VA disability income is an earned income, but because your wife has earned income, you can invest up to that amount, you know, so the max is 7,000 in both of those Roth IRAs.


And you can do the spousal Roth IRA. So you could do that and max out at 14 grand for the year. Just kind of kickstart this, do you guys have have anything saved in retirement so far? Yeah, actually, so I have a, we're in Vanguard And we have a personal advisor. We have about 150,000 in assets in Vanguard. Just a taxable brokerage account, non-retirement or, I have a Roth traditional and just a brokerage account for my wife And I. Great. Well, I mean, I can just show you with some numbers and stats. What will happen if you guys are 32, you got $150,000 saved already. And let's say you invest 1500 bucks a month, that's a, that's less than 15% of your income from what you shared.


But let's say you invested 1500 total per month. At a 10% rate of return from 32 to 62, you'd have over 6 million. Oh wow. Okay. And Even more conservatively, 8% still 3.8 million by 62. Oh, okay. So really the, the key is you guys are building these habits now. Just keep it up. Be consistent. Keep putting money into the market when the market's down, when the market's up, when you have a good month, a bad month, just keep investing no matter what. And you're gonna be just fine as far as the wealth goes. So that, and that'll allow you to focus on Adam and focus on, you know, raising your 1-year-old and being present for your wife. And that's really the beauty of building wealth. It's not to just stack up cash, it's to create that impact, to leave a legacy and to stop letting money problems live in your head red free.


Yeah. And with that, Adam, I think that does give you guys some cushion, especially with your, your health stuff that, you know, if you look up in two years and there's some treatment, you know, that costs a lot. You guys could pause it for a bit if you needed some extra cash right. To, to go and, and get that done. So it gives you a lot of margin and flexibility. But I think that consistency of investing for you guys is gonna be your key. That's what's gonna cause you guys to build wealth long term. But gosh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry about all the health stuff you guys are going through. I know that takes Such a place, I hope and pray that there's just healthcare and tech advancements in the future. And so over the next few years and decades, you know, maybe there will be a treatment that can get you back to more mobility and less pain.


Yeah, I'm hoping So. I amm always hopeful, but otherwise I just keep pushing forward. So Yeah. Well, thank you for your service, Adam. Yeah, absolutely. What a sacrifice. Yeah. But you and your family, you guys sounds Yeah. Incredible. And it, that's it. I think it's, you know, it's, it's not exciting, right? We've had some like calls about crypto and like they ended up being scams and people lose money. There's all these like, shiny things out there could Make more Yeah. All This stuff. But it's like, man, just investing 1500 a month, what that could get you from 32 to 62. I mean, I mean it's wild. That's pretty crazy. That's pretty, this is compound growth at its finest. Yes. Because if you look at the contributions of this, it's a little over half a million contributed over those 30 years.


The growth alone was 3.2 million. It's crazy. So you, when people go, well I can't save a million dollars, I'm going, you don't have to save a million dollars. You need to kickstart the compound growth process where your money makes more money and it starts when you're young and you just keep it going and keep it going. So what we found is most people's retirement accounts, 80 to 90% of the balance is compound growth. Only 10 to 20% was the money they put into it. So that's very encouraging for me. And it should be for you that you don't need to make a bajillion dollars, you don't need to put away a million dollars. You need to put away money now, today, tomorrow, whatever you have, whatever you can make it a little until you can do more. And that's gonna build wealth over time. Yeah, that's right.


And we always talk about investing 15% of your income into retirement. That's what this is. So that 15% is huge. And then once you pay off your home and you guys are in baby step seven, that's when you're able to up a lot of this Yeah. Is that you can keep continuing to, to build that wealth, which is amazing. So thank you Adam for the call. Appreciate that. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books.


Go call every coach over, Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue Truck. All Right, By the way, Go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay. I I I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-Bye now Truck. You had it. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys.


What Do we do.