
Live From, Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey Personality George Kamel, joined by Jade Warshaw and we're taking your calls this hour at triple eight eight two five five two two five. You calling, we'll talk about your life, your money, your weird relationship issues that have to do with money. Yes. Somehow, all of it right here in front of you. And here's the singular goal. We wanna help you take the right next step to help you win in every area of your life. So call us up Anna, or is it Anna kicks us off in Tallahassee. What's going on? Hi.


I am currently living as a stay at home mom with my husband. He is active duty, US Air Force, And, I am slowly wanting to start going back to school. I have a couple grand in a 5 29 and a full FAFs F but I'm looking to see how I can pursue going to college when I don't really know what I wanna do in the most cost effective way possible. Cool. So how old are the kids Right now? We have a 2-year-old boy And. I'm currently pregnant. Woo. Wow. So what is the game plan for this? Are you wanting to do school completely online so that you can stay at home full time As much as possible?


My husband really luckily, I mean he works pretty much like a nine to five and his work, he's going to college as well right now. And his is covered I imagine. Yes. So he is actually Florida International Guard but is full time. So we will be where we are now for the next about five years. Luckily at least, at least five years. So we don't have an issue of like moving or anything like a typical military family would. Here's, Here's the thing that stood out to me. You said that you're not really sure what you wanna do and yeah, So I think that's a big part of, I would not wanna pay money no matter how cheap for an education that you're not even sure you want.


And So I think the first step is figuring out, maybe finding what you're wired to do. Yeah, I guess my struggle is, like I mentioned, I'm a high school dropout. I have A-G-E-D-I dropped out at 16 years old. I worked in law enforcement when I met my husband. Kind of weird, but I haven't really found like a niche that I'm good at because I didn't go to high school. Yeah. I didn't, you know, And I, I haven't gotten to pursue that, which is why I'm kind of, I'm definitely nervous to like Education. Well I wouldn't let that hold you back. That's more of a mindset thing. There's no difference between Yeah, for sure. The skillset that you have and someone who got a high school degree and has all of a sudden, you know, has all these amazing skills.


I think you have a lot to bring, you know, value to the marketplace and we just have to help you figure out what you're wired to do. And we will give you a free tool to do that. It's called find the work you're wired to do from our friend Ken Coleman. And it comes with the get clear career assessment and this is something you'll take, it'll take you a little bit of time and once you're done it's gonna actually give you some kind of sample career options based on what your talents are, what you're passionate about, what your mission is, what kind of impact you want to have. Then we can figure out is college the right next step? Because a lot of people Yeah, just take it too early. 'cause they go, well I'll figure it out, I'll, I'll build the plane while it's in the air. And that's costly. That's costly and dangerous. Yeah. But I would say for somebody like you, And, I, And I would suggest this for many people.


But community college is a great place to start, especially online because at least when you do decide to go, you're getting your gen eds out of the way. It's one of the most inexpensive options there are. And again, the very beginning, it's just that general part anyway, it's just those general classes. So when you do decide to go, when you do find the things that you're interested in, then I would start there. Yeah, for sure. So I would start doing your research on what is available in your area, what do community college cost, what are the online options that you have in case you do need to be at home full-time and kind of, you know, crush it during nap times and evenings and whatever your schedule looks like. And then you can look at how we're gonna pay for it. And we do know this, we're going to pay cash.


Yeah. What send that 5 29. I've got only about two grand. I also have a full Pell grant and I've researched, there are a couple like spouse scholarships that I might qualify for as well. Okay, good. Then like George said, at the end of the day, the budget informs where you can go and that might mean that it takes a little longer while you stack up some more money. But at the end of the day, the cheapest place and the best way to pay for a degree is at a place that you can afford in cash. And it sounds like she's gonna do that. Yeah. Good. So, I, love these two questions from Ken to help decide is it the only way and is it the best way? But first you gotta figure out what that thing is. Yeah. And then if college is the only way and it's the best way, then, then we can begin.


Yeah. The journey. So hang on the line Anna. We're gonna send you a copy of Ken's new book and assessment. Find the work you're wired to do. I hope it's helpful for you. And even talking to some people, like if you have an idea like I might wanna go into this field or this might be interesting to me taking some time to shadow somebody who does that or you know, Hey, can I hang out with you one day or tell me more. Like interviewing them. Yeah. I think is good. The idea that we tell a 17-year-old, hey just guess and then the rest of your life you kind of have to do this or else you're gonna have a lot of regret and guilt in student loans spend That's, we've done spend 50,000 to guess. Yes. Or here's even, here's even worse. Well I want you to go to mom and dad's alma mater because that'll make us proud. Yeah, keep, keep it in the fame, keep it in the same, we all went to X, Y, Z famous namebrand school that now cost 20 times what it did for mom and dad to go through.


Yeah. And I want you to go to the same sorority that's gonna cost 10 x what it costs for me to go through it. Yeah. There's no proof. It's these decisions that Yeah, No proof that name brand will ROI. Absolutely. Let's go to Jimmy up next in Atlanta. What's going on Jimmy? Hey so, so excited to be talking to y'all. You as well. Thanks for taking my call. My wife And, I are working through the baby steps. We're on baby step two. We're pretty motivated. We're having a baby, our third baby in February Party And we need to find a different car to be able to get all our kids around in.


And we own both of our cars now and so we're planning on trading in my wife's car. But I, I just Wanna know what the next right step is for like the timing of that. We've paused the baby steps and are stacking up as much cash as we can to make sure we can get everybody home safe from the hospital. You know, some good advice I've heard from you all along the way. How much money do you have saved? We have right now $5,700 saved. And how much do you need to do the upgrade you're trying to do? Well we, I mean we could possibly trade in. I don't know. That's the first step. Free answer. Like The first step is you looking to see, look at in the market and go, okay, what can I get that seats the whole family reasonably?


'cause you're in baby step two and you've got the 5,700 plus the trade in value of your wife's car. And I would suggest not doing a trade-in and instead selling it private value because you're gonna get more for that. That's so look up the KBB private value and see if you can sell it yourself. Okay. Versus trading it into a dealer who's gonna give you three grand for it when you could have sold it for seven grand in the marketplace. That's good. So if you do that, now we know what the gap is. All right, I want, I need an $11,000 van, I can sell mine for seven private. And so then you can figure out the gap of what you need in cash. And I probably wouldn't do any like you guys are in baby step two. Now's not the time to like have this big car dream. I think it's whatever gets you to the next vehicle that does what you need it to do. You Might have this van whatever for six months before you upgrade, but you just need to make sure that you don't have $0 when mom and baby go to the hospital.


So that's the the balancing game we're playing Jimmy. Okay, So you do the, the timing's up to you, but I would want to save up as much as I can real quick. Get the van knocked out and then save up even more to make sure we're ready for baby if they all need to happen before baby's here. And listen, there's nothing wrong with it if you guys have to ride in separate cars for a while to make sure you have cash when the baby gets there. That's not a bad thing either. Yeah, But I'd be selling everything 'cause nothing matters more than that. That sweet baby at this point, especially with a third one. You guys have done this rodeo. You know how it's gonna go. And so that should help you with your budget. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey you guys, emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The, Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door and use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one and you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code. Ramsey,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade War shots. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. Jade, I'm seeing something on this desk that I've never seen in my life. It's the 2025 Ramsey goal planner and it's even more beautiful than I could have ever imagined. Yes, It's very, it's very blue. It's like the ocean. And for those of you don't who don't know, every year we do a goal planner here and it's, it's a wonderful gift, but honestly it's great if you wanna buy a gift for yourself, this is a great gift to give yourself The gift of staying on track for all of your goals. Yes. It's not just money. It's not just money and it's, you talk About faith relationships. Yeah. You cover the money side. John covers relationships. Rachel covers the faith side and there's content in here. It's not just yes lines to write notes. It's not just a calendar, it's not just a notebook, it's not just a journal. It's like everything you could all ever want in one goal planner. There's a, there's a vision board in there for you to come up with your vision for the year. There's plenty of places to take notes. I'm a person who, George, I like pen and paper. I like to be able to write things. So that's you. Things get lost in my phone. I've got I literally 3,500 iPhone notes. Yes. I'm not keeping track of anything in there. Oh, This is what you George, maybe I'll get you one. I would Love that. This is, they never get one to me, Jade. It's actually upsetting. So get me one for real. I'll Get you one. Thank. Thank you. I'll splurge because here's the thing right now, now is the best price that you're ever going to pay for this. It's never gonna be cheaper than it is right now. You can get it for 35 97 for two weeks only. And then after that the price goes up to like 50 bucks, George. Wow. So don't wait for Black Friday. Don't, because it's not getting cheaper than it's now. Yeah. I gotta Get yours. I gotta get yours today. They go on sale two days. So you are the early bird who gets the worm. Woo. And let me just, hi, I'm gonna spend some time on this because mama, mama put some effort, effort into this. Listen, let's be honest, I wrote three of the the, I guess they're kind of like inspirational messages in here. Yeah. They're kind of like kind of a, almost like a blog. Yes. From, from the heart that helps people guides them. Yes. Along each step. So I wrote about anything financial, like if you need motivation or just kind of a plan. Financial I did that. Rachel wrote the spiritual and you know that part of it. And of course John came in there and gave you the health and wellness and mental wellness. And so it's really cool. The thing, the thing to note though, like you can do so much meal planning, I'm gonna use this for that. Oh that's smart. Because you can go in and you can write what your meal plan is so you can stick to your meal budget. There's a place for your goals. You can reflect on it. There's a place where if you're listening to podcasts, you can write the podcast, the episode. So you can go back to it. If there's a book that you're reading, you can, or if somebody said, Hey, you need to read, you know, blah dah dah, you could put it in there. Come back to it. I just, and it's so beautiful and it's well made. I like when I can close it. And I know I can be hard on it. And it's got those like nice metal edges. Listen, solid Need. It's built different. I'm like the sham wow guy. Remember how he could like sell anything? That Guy, well he was on something. Jade So I. Hope you're not exactly like I on anything. The Sham wow guy. I'm not exactly like the sham wow guy. But what I want you to know is you need to pick up a gold planner. You're never gonna get it cheaper than you are these two weeks. 35 97 is the price and then it goes back up to 49 50 bucks. So let me tell you, these sell out every single year. Every year they sell out. So if you want one, you need to get it now. If you're thinking it'll be a good pre Christmas present, order it now because they won't be here if you wait until November, December. So get one today, I'm gonna get one for myself and I'm gonna get one for Georgie Boy over Here. Thank you. You're Welcome. Merry Christmas.


So wonderful. All right, let's get to the phones. Dane joins us in Denver, Colorado. What's going on Dane? Hey, how's it going? Good, how Are you? All Right. I, yeah, great. I have a little bit of a boring question I suppose, but it's one that's important to me. It's all that matters. I, yeah, I worked at Colorado Department of Transportation, or I am currently working at Colorado Department of Transportation. It's a state employment position. And as part of that employment, I do not put into social security anymore. I put into the state's pension and all that.


I can give you details if you need, but my concern is, is this gonna hurt me later on down the road? I'm 46 years old. So, I got 20 years left of this. But I just wanna make sure that I'm not doing something that's irreversible. I've tried getting answers from them, but it's, Well, here, here's the good news. If you're ever relying on social security as your retirement plan, that's a bad plan. And So, I would not look at this as Oh, my gosh, am I gonna be okay? But you're right that it will affect how much social security you get because it's based on your lifetime earnings. So the, the way it works is the administration, they calculate the benefits based on your highest 35 years of earnings. And so if you don't pay into it, you won't have those earnings factored in to your benefit calculation.


And so you can go on the social security website right now and calculate what it it will be. I did, what did it say? Yep. It says full payment will be $2,206. Okay. Then I can either delay it or make it early. And that's at full retirement age. And I do have the, Yeah, that's at age 67. Okay. And I do have the four green bars with the check marks. It says my f my 40 work credits have been gained. Yeah. And, I do do side gigs. And, I do kind of put in a little bit each year due to that. Then it's just based on what you've done previously up until this point. And if you've opted out going forward, It's not gonna grow. Yeah. In that sense. But here's the thing, you're also trading that to where now you're gonna get a pension.


And on top of that, please tell me you're investing outside of all of this. No, I I am. We have like, yeah, no, I'm okay, good. I'm definitely, I'm, I'm not depending on this. I just wanted, I just wanted to know, I had a buddy that I tried to get hired here and he opted out because he was scared of this And I was like, well maybe I, maybe it should make me think twice about it. So I looked into it. And I feel Okay. And yeah, I just wanted to get you guys' opinion really. Well You're, as you would have more years where it's zero contributed, that will affect your average because they're taking an average of those years. And so it may not be that much when you actually get to retirement because they're assuming you're gonna continue to contribute that amount.


Correct. And I'm not going to be So, I would assume Dane, if I'm you, I'm gonna assume I ain't getting nothing. And if I do get it, that's gonna be some gravy we'll give to the grandkids. That's how I look at Social security. You sound like Yeah. You, you, you sound like my dad. He's like, why are you worrying about depending on the government anyway, I love Your dad. Your dad is a wise man, my friend. So that's what I would be doing. Yeah. This the pension, all the social security, it's nice to have, but I'm not gonna plan on it. I'm gonna instead invest myself into things that I have control over where I control the investments. Correct. And they don't have terrible returns. And that's gonna be things like a Roth IRA. That might be your best option right now.


Yeah. No, we, we max out my, my Roth, my wife's Roth I and with, with the state I am, they make you donate 10% and they match 10%. So I'm, I'm already, that's saving 20% and then I'm doing the Roth and we have 850 K from previous investments and stuff. Wonder already. Wonderful. And you're only how old? I'm 46. Okay. So you're gonna be a multimillionaire when it get, when you come to retirement. Maybe. I, I, I'm, yeah, I hear Dave and you guys say it, it doubles every seven years. I've done this calculations. That's right. Seems a bit optimistic but I Well it's just based on, it's a simple thing called a rule of 72.


Okay. So if you, let's say you get a 10% return for easy math, then 7.2 years that, that would've doubled. So your eight 50 turns into 1.7 if you just don't touch it. And the thing is, you're gonna continue to contribute on top of not pulling out any money. And so if you pop into our investment calculator on our website, Dane, you're gonna have some, some confidence. You can do a range. You can say what if the market does 12%, what if it does 6%? And that will give you a nice range of what your life might look like. Yeah. I always err on the side of safety. Really? And we own our house. So. I don't have to worry about, I mean all that extra mortgage payment I can, that goes towards savings. That's amazing. What's your household income?


112,000. And you guys are investing at least 15% 'cause you're in baby step seven. Probably more than that. Yeah. I'm doing 25 to 30% is what I estimate. You're gonna be a Okay Dane, look at that. 25, 30% of over six figures of income for the next 20 years on top of what you already have. Yeah. I would not be Social security's gonna be such a small part of your world. It's gonna be cute when you get that check every month. That's cute. That's some coffee money right there. 'cause your investments will be making 10 grand, 20 grand a month at that point versus a measly two grand from the government if you're lucky. I got you. So Listen to your dad Dane.


Alright. Make people better Dad wisdom right there. That's good. Yes. You're gonna rely on the government who for, who are known for their ability to manage money so well Social security is not the thing that you want to depend on. That's more insecure than dudes with lifted trucks. You know what I'm saying? Those pavement princesses, listen, They're saying by 2034, the amount, the percentage is already gonna be depleted. So I wouldn't count On it. No. Thank you. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've worked, saved, sacrificed, and been gazelle intense with your financial game plan. But do you have the right defense in place like the right health insurance? Look, you can't walk past a doctor's office these days without getting a massive bill. And if you don't have health insurance, a major medical situation can undo all of your hard work. That's where my friends at Health Trust Financial can help. They work for you, not the insurance company. So they find you the right health insurance and they save you money. Ramsey has recommended Health Trust Financial for two decades because they're the experts. And whether you're 19 years old or 90, you can trust them to do two very important things. Listen to you then find you health insurance coverage with everything you need. And nothing you don't. Health Trust Financial is your one-stop shop for unbiased advice about affordable health insurance options. They could save you hundreds of dollars a month. So make sure you're not overpaying. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com today. Health Trust Financial dot com.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. You call in, we'll talk about your life and your money. Dawn is up next in Dayton, Ohio. What's going on, Dawn? Hi. I'm wondering if I should be paying off my collections first or where that falls in the baby steps. I'm not sure. Okay. Yeah, definitely. I mean, typically in a debt snowball, we're listing everything from smallest to largest while still making minimum payments on everything else. But a couple of things, you know, if you owe money to the IRS, if you have money in collections, I definitely like those to jump to the top of the list because it's only gonna get worse.


Especially if you're dealing with the IRS. so what is the debt that's in collections and how long has it been there? It's been there less than two years and my husband has about six or seven on his And. I have about four or five undermining That are in collections. And, I have other Yes, but I have other payments and So I. Guess I was wondering, should I pay off some of these other smaller credit cards? So I can have them. The money to put on the collections. Well, the good news, here's, let's back up for a second. The good news is once it's in collections, you're almost always gonna be able to settle the debt. Okay. So do you know just gimme a, gimme a a ballpark the smallest debt that's in collections, how much is it for $94?


Okay. Do you have And the Largest is like 2200. Okay. Nine And I have my student loans that equal 32,000 but they're not in collections. Good. They're on hold. Okay. And there are 16 of those. They're all separate and they're all like, smallest is two 12. The largest is like 4,500. When You mean on hold, are you talking about deferment? They're on hold. I, I I don't have to pay on them because of this program with like the, I think it was like the government. Yeah. Okay, so, so let's take a deep breath because I feel it, I can feel you through, through the Phone.


48 debts hanging around you right now. Yeah. And, and here's and we Have a car loan. And we have a truck loan. Okay, so let's take it piece by piece number one, let's talk about the student loans. I'm fine with you having those on hold right now. Save plan. The only way that it's not a piece of garbage is in this case, if you're temporarily, temporarily using it to lower your payment so you have more money to throw to your smallest debt and your debt snowball. Okay? So right now you're utilizing it in the best way that you could possibly utilize it. And let's knock out these smallest debts that are in collections. I want you to list out all of the ones that you think you can knock out quickly. And yeah, I've Done that.


You're, you're just gonna call 'em up and say, Hey, I don't have $94. Will you settle it for 60? Hey, I don't have $140. Will you settle it four 90 and get it all in writing? And do not give them access to your bank account. Okay. And I looked that up on the website. And I saw all the directions of what to Do. Good. Okay. Good. So I. But I couldn't find the answer as to where the collections falls in the debt snowball or I Guess, well, like you mentioned, when you have the money to settle, settle them immediately. But if you don't have the money, you might need to clear up one of those little debts, little ankle biters to clear up some payments to, to save. But if you could go sell that car, sell the truck, take those proceeds, settle all your collections. You were going to breathe a, a breath of fresh air.


Let's talk about The truck. Tell us about your vehicles. So the truck is, it's older, but it's a Toyota Tacoma. And the, the payment is 2 45 And I owe 9,600 on it. My, my Husband. What's it worth do you think? And then My car, it's, it's, I looked it up. Kelley Blue book value is 8,800 to 10,200. Okay. So you might be able to, so you could clear it. You might be able to clear that now you need something to drive in the meantime. Could you guys go down to one car temporarily? We could share a car. It would be, yeah. Difficult. But we could do it. I think you can do it. Listen, my husband And I did that. If we could do it with kids, you can do it. So, I would definitely make that deal.


Get outta that truck. Clear up that 2 45. That's gonna help you get traction on some of these collections. What else is there? Then there's the car. I owe two 20,000 left on the car and it's $530 payment. Okay. And what's it worth? That car's worth about 20. It's about worth what I owe. Okay. Okay. I'd clear that one out too and get something cheaper. Did you sell that? Yeah, I'd I I'd get outta that because you're gonna basically break even on it. Do you guys have any money saved? I'm guessing? No, We have $800 and like we started the emergency fund and so we're, we're gonna be able to finish that by the end of the week.


Add 200 to it. And Then here's the deal. Selling the car is gonna free up more money right now than selling the truck. Okay. Five 30 versus 2 45. Oh So, I would sell the car first. You free up 5 45. You could pretty quickly save up aggressively to get some kind of vehicle if you needed one. But you could drive the truck for now and just hang on to that while you clear up the other debts. I never thought About that because the car is like a nicer, newer thing, but the truck still fits everybody. Yeah, it's just a, Well, trucks can hold their value if they're well maintained and it's a good make and model, which yours is. I think that thing will sell. I love that. Even six months from now. So that'll free up five 30 for you to start attacking the other debts to start settling some of these debts and that'll keep that snowball rolling for you.


That's the key. You wanna keep progress on momentum once Like the couches, like if I pay off our couches and then this other private loan at the credit union, that'll free up like $540 total. Excellent. Excellent. And then can you guys work extra? Yes. So I work at a furniture store and I have a basic pay of 2000 a month, but I, anything I sell, I get a percentage of good. So that's on, on top. Love it. You buy the furniture with debt from the store you work at? Yes. Okay. Would they somehow take it back because you're an employee, could you get out of that debt? I guess I never asked about that.


How old does? Yeah, I could ask. It's three months old. Hey, I might talk to my manager and listen and go, listen, I wanna be the best employee. I'm about to bust my butt. I'm trying to get outta debt. I'm made a mistake, taken out debt for this furniture. Would you guys take it back and refund me? I mean, it's like a 90 day return policy at that point. You know, That, that I could ask, I could ask. That would be, that'd Be good. I'd get real creative because anything you can sell is gonna speed up this process and anything you can reverse is gonna speed up the process. Are you using a budget? Are you using EveryDollar? I'm using EveryDollar app. My husband has it as well. Okay, Good. And he's on board. He's as excited as you.


He's on board. He's done Good. He's, he's a hundred percent disabled from his two tours in Iraq. Wow. And yeah. Is he working right now? What's he doing? So he's not physically disabled and so he, he does, that's the other thing we have extra income with. He, he, like right now he's painting a porch. Okay. And so we're able to, to, you know, have that money to throw on this as well. Okay. So how much are you guys bringing in every month? We're bringing in about six to eight a month. Okay. And so that, I think too, it's just, it's like when things get stressful, oh we'll go out to eat or you know, like we're not as tight with the budget as we could be.


Yeah. Listen, that's a coping, I think that's a coping mechanism for all of us. Right? You had a hard day. Like Let's go to Apple Applebee. Right. Gotta find, you gotta find ways to replace the habit with something. You need to find some frugal vices. So next time you get stressed it's gonna be, you know what, let's meal prep with some good music and go on a walk. That's gonna be our new way to de-stress. Yes. That's a great idea. So just brainstorm ways that make sense for you guys to go, Hey, it's gonna be hard. We're signing up for a little journey. It's gonna be 18 months, but after that we're gonna have so much more freedom. Okay. So How long have you guys been married? Almost 20 years. Have you ever been debt free in your marriage? Never. Oh my goodness. You're about to experience a whole new marriage.


A whole new husband. Yes. How much debt do you have total? Our house is, we owe 1 67 on the house Other than the house, what's on the consumer debt side? Collections and all the other stuff. Total. I wanna say it. It's about 70 to 75 grand total. Okay. So we owe as much as we make a year. Okay. So think about this. You throw three grand a month, that's 36 grand a year. We're done in two years. So that becomes the new equation. How do we find three grand extra to throw at the debt And we make eight. I think we can do this Don. I believe in you guys call us back if you need help the EveryDollar budget, let that be your guide as you complete this task.


This daunting task of getting rid of collections and the car loan and the truck loan and cut up the cards and never look back. These companies are not your friend. You're not doing yourselves any favor by locking yourselves up in chains with payments. This is The Ramsey show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. The phone number to call is eight eight eight two five five two two five. Well, Jade, I've been getting blown up about this. People have been DMing me going, Hey, what is going on? There was this massive data breach. Yeah. Social security numbers are all out there. Apparently 2.7 billion records leaked in this massive breach. And we hear about this, it feels like every month now there's a new giant data breach. Yeah. That's bigger than the last one. It's always the mother of all data breaches. Digital age, So, I. Just wanna make sure people know what's going on. What we know so far, and this is a, a massive database containing 2.7 billion records has reportedly ended up on a criminal forum.


That sounds some like some dark web. The dark web, some Gotham level stuff right there. These records belong to individuals in the US and were allegedly stolen from the National Public Data database. While the accuracy of leak data could not be verified, hackers reportedly obtained sensitive info such as names, mailing addresses, and social security numbers. The scale is so vast that if you live in the US it's likely that some of your data is included. Whew. I don't know why. Listen, I might be a little insensitive. I I feel like with the internets the way they are, I feel like your stuff is just always out there, which is, I don't know, for me it's like, let me just have you know, identity theft insurance and then I don't worry about this.


Is it just me There?


There's definitely a piece where you sleep better if you have identity theft protection. And we've talked about it on the show when it comes to, you know, you need to have all these types of insurance we lump in ID theft protection. Yes. Even though it's not technically insurance, I it will help you and it protects the wealth that you're trying to build. Yeah. And I don't want to, my thing is I don't wanna have to deal with it. Like I don't wanna have to track 'em down. I don't wanna have to convince anybody. It's, I feel like it's inevitable that something's gonna leak. Right. You can go on the internet and find out where people live and find out their mother's name. You know, like there's so many things that you can just Google and find, which is scary in and of itself. I Bet I could Google Jade right now and find out some info. Don't Give anybody any ideas. There's your social security number right there. They Better not find it. It's In your Instagram bio. If You find it, come tell me So I can wrestle somebody down to the ground. But the point is, I think that if you have the right protection, you don't freak out as much when you hear this stuff because that's true. You're right. Every other day I feel like they're saying we've been hacked. You know? Yeah. Well we have a great blog on How to Prevent, Identity Theft. And we'll link that in the show notes and it walks through some simple things you can do. One of the big ones I tell everyone to do is freeze your credit. Yes. Your credit all free bureaus your credit. Freeze it. And that means nobody can open up a new line of credit. It is blocked. And unless you unfreeze it, don't Give it like, don't fall for the scams. I feel like there's such a lot of scammy things that go around, especially the beginning of the year when people are filing their taxes. Never give away your information on the phone. Never give away your information via text message. 'cause there's a lot of scammy text messages right now where they'll like, they'll be like, Hey, I had a good time at dinner last night. Oh I got And you're like Know, oh, is this Wrong number? Yeah. And you open it up, but, but it's so simple. And they'll kind of fish a little bit and then it's like, oh well just send me your number or just send me your address and I'll get you like that kind of stuff. But it's like, don't fall for it. Don't fall for it. I hit em immediately. Hit that report and block Immediately. Mark Media team. No thank you. Yeah. So on top of freezing your accounts with the credit bureaus, I also pull my credit reports once a year. And I just did this look, this Jade and it is, I, mine is squeaky clean. Nothing on there. I don't have a credit score. I got zero accounts, zero debt. It feels so good. What, What do you use, who do you pull your credit with? Well, all three bureaus, but you can do it through annual credit report.com. There you go. so what, so that's not like a, this is just the website. You go to do this and it's, it's a great way to just sleep better at night. And then on top of that you can get id theft protection. We all have it through Xandr here at Ramsey. Dave covers it for the whole team nots. So much believe in it, but it's Cheap even if you, you know, don't have it as a benefit. Super affordable. It's like six or seven bucks a month. Yeah. And for a family you can do it for like 12 bucks a month. I was gonna say, I think the most we've ever paid for it before I came to work here was like 1299 per month. Yep. Per month. And they have a recovery of up to, you know, 2 million in stolen funds. Excellent. And I went through this in 2013 and Xander helped me climb out of it. Oh Really? You had your ID stolen? I did, Yeah. They opened up accounts across the country with like at and t and Verizon. I got collectors calling me. I'm like, I don't even have these cell phone. I had like T-Mobile at the time, like what's going on? You know, a buddy of mine, they helped me clean it up. A buddy of mine had her social security number stolen and the person filed for her tax return. Oh. And then stole her tax return. And so now she's gotta go through this whole thing. She has to have a pin number and da dah dah, dah to prove that it's her. And so in many ways she's safer now than she was then because now she has all the fail safes in place. But man, Oh man, don't wanna Deal with that. Stay safe out there folks. Stay safe.


All right, let's go to the phones. Jake is in Las Vegas. What's happening Jake? Hey. Yeah, thanks for, thanks for taking me on. I had a question. I'm 21 about a, a year into, into working corporate life now. But I feel like I'm behind on investing, trying to see what I could do to actually build wealth. Okay. I feel like I'm doing the right things, but I don't know if, you know, I could be doing a lot more, you know, I mean I feel like I gotta take advantage and maximize our 20. Well tell us what you're doing. How do You feel like you're behind at 21? It's like a newborn baby being like I feel like I gotta, I'm behind on my rating skills. Gotta up it like you just started your adult life as far as career and income goes.


Yeah. You know what? I think a couple things, right? Like I know that like Ramsey himself had 150,000 to invest in real estate at 22 And I know people from my high school making $170,000 a year at 19 at software engineers in the Bay Area. So the bar's kind of up there. Good to see what I, Yeah, well you, you create that bar for yourself depending on who you're gonna compare yourself to. True. And So I don't want you to get just totally into this vortex of like, well someone else is making more out there. You gotta realize like you gotta run Jake's race 'cause running someone else's, there is no finish line. You're always gonna be comparing yourself to people making way more who have way, if I compare myself to Dave Ramsey, dude, it's gonna be an endless chase in life. I love the fact that you have this high bar though.


Like I think that you have Good, I like that. I feel like you're challenging yourself. And, I think that that's gonna be good as long as you don't get ahead of yourself. So tell us more about your Yeah, I appreciate that. Tell us more about your financial snapshot so we can best advise you. Yeah. So. I been working for a year, like I mentioned, pretty stable job that I say. It has good trajectory. What are you making? Jinx. You want cut? I work at, oh sorry, who asked what? You're Good. What do you make? I make, I, I work in software sales. I make $65,000 base and about $43,000 in commission.


That's supposed to be on target earnings. Incredible. Good. So you're making almost a hundred thousand or over a hundred thousand right? At 21. You're already way ahead of the game by the way. What's your living situation? So right now I'm actually moving currently in the process of moving from, from Vegas to the east coast. But So renting, it's, It's pretty okay. Yeah. Renting? Yeah, I'm renting right now and that rent is about 800. Cool. For my room. So No debt? Yeah, No debt. Awesome. Okay. Three to six months saved. Yeah, I have about a little bit over 30 K saved.


Okay, good. About 10 K in my checking. Why is it in checking? Because I always feel like just in case, like I have all my savings in my high, high yield savings account, but if I need something like in a pinch Okay. In terms of like, you know, getting that just because it takes a second to transfer from my high yield to my checking So, I Have, okay, 10 K feels like a lot to not be gaining at least 4.5%. But what do I know? Yeah, I probably would lower that significantly because I mean, you're a renter so there's not a whole lot that's gonna require 10 K in a pinch. Right. Okay. That's Just me. That's fair. You're not replacing like an HVAC tomorrow that could be seven grand.


And even then with high yield, what I've done Jake, is I've done a wire transfer. I'll call them and say, hey I need, I need the money sooner rather than three business days or whatever. And they'll wire that business day or the next business day thing Is most, I feel like most online high yields will do 24. You know, if you do it that day, it'll be there the next day. But that's neither here nor there. So right now are you investing 15%? Is that what you're doing? Yeah, So. I have, I am pre-tax, I'm investing 10%, I get a 6% match. So 10% into my 401k and then 6% into my employee stock plan. And then post-tax, I do about $500 a month into my, into my Roth.


Okay, so you're, you're above the 15%, which honestly in this case, you know, if we're walking the baby steps we'd say 15% and then if you're paying off your mortgage, anything beyond that, you know, you would put towards the mortgage in this case. I, I'm wondering like once you, you said you're moving, what's the goal? Are you saving up for a down payment? I wouldn't wanna go too hard in the non-liquid money because at some point you are gonna wanna buy a home and so I'd probably cap this at 15% and save above and beyond for a down payment because that day is going to come. Yeah. How much do you have in investments currently Jake? I have about a little bit over 30 grand. Wow. So, Well lemme tell you this, I just did the, I crunched the numbers for you.


21 at age 60 you got 30 grand. You keep investing at 1400, never make another dime. 8% return, you'd have 5 million and that's conservative. You're doing great. Keep it up my friend. This is The Ramsey Show.


Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app From Ramsey Network.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell joined by bestselling author Jade Warshaw and the phone lines are open, their hot triple eight eight two five five two two five. You call in, we'll talk about your life and your money right in front of you because we love you that much. Devin is gonna kick us off in San Diego. What's going on Devin? Hey, thanks for taking the call. Sure. Appreciate whatever advice you might be able to give. I hope so. My don't speak too soon. Yeah, yeah. Right. My basic question, And I can give you some more context after I give you the basic premise is that, is it okay for me to exceed the 25% of my net monthly income on housing?


Right? So mortgage, HOA property tax, everything all in. If I'm still left with nine to $10,000 per month to live on, because I definitely get the advice of not exceeding the 25% of your net monthly income if it leaves you with nothing to live on. And So I, guess from my my case specifically, does it make sense? And I can, I can answer any questions you might have. Tell Us more. What do you earn and what you Have a fabulous income. I can already tell what's the income? Thank you. So right, it's going to be 290,000 base income, $320,000 in total comp.


I have no debt, I have no car payment, no wife, no children post tax per month. It probably comes out to a little bit north of $15,000. And. I have about $410,000 saved up in liquid assets. Wow. Way to go. Do you have any debt other than the mortgage? No debt or is this No debt. Oh, And, I don't have, I don't have a mortgage now. Right. This is like a, a prospective purchase that I may make. Got it. I was just unsure. Based off of what I make now, is it okay to exceed that? How Far? How much? I do wanna 25%. Is it 55% or is it 27%?


Yeah. Right. Big difference. So that's a very good question. So from what I've seen, it would probably be somewhere between five to $6,000 per month for mortgage, HOA property tax and homeowners insurance. So it would probably be 30 in the neighborhood of Now are you 30? Yeah. Are you investing right now? Yeah, I have a lot of money in a lot of like index funds. That's pretty much where all my money is. Well I'm wondering 'cause when we talk about 25%, we're talking about after tax income but before other deductions like healthcare 401k investing. So that might help your numbers. That's why I'm, I'm I'm asking and digging into that side.


Yeah, so currently I just got to the point where I qualify to contribute to a 401k for the company that I work with and that $15,000 would be after healthcare is removed. So health healthcare would already be reflected in that. So here's your homework. I want you to manually add those pieces back in and go okay, after taxes, but before anything else, this is what my income is, then do your 25% and see how close you are. But to answer your question, if it's 30% and you still have plenty of margin to invest, to pay extra on the house to get knock out the mortgage. That's the key here. Yeah. Like you mentioned is we don't want you to be house poor. It's not a legalistic rule that Dave said it's because we get too many callers and they're like, well I can't make progress.


And we're going, what's your your mortgage? They go, it's three grand, how much do you make? Five grand we're going, there's your problem. Yeah. And so for you, that's not an issue. The key is, is your income gonna stay there? I mean, I would like it to Right. Nothing is certain for the foreseeable, A lot would have to change. Yeah. Yeah. That's, That's the worry. So you know, when we say 25%, it's also conservative because life changes and we don't want that payment to just be right on the brink where it's, I can make it, but it's tight. And so How much liquid cash do you have laying around, I guess define liquid like Hs, HYSA, Like 75 grand.


Yeah. Which is irresponsible, right? I should have, I should have more invested in that 75 grand, So yeah. Yeah, like three, six months. Like if you want six months of expenses liquid, that's Good. Or if it's a down payment that you're gonna make in the next year or two, then it's wise to keep it liquid. But you said you have four 10 that you could, you could create, you could make that liquid by selling off the index funds. Yeah. Okay. Are you, is that your plan when you buy the house? Are you gonna use all of that as a down payment and buy? Not necess, not necessarily. I, I would like to put 20% down right. So, I think I would need somewhere in the neighborhood, $200,000 So. I would need the 70 5K in high yield savings and then probably come up with the rest through the index funds that I have.


How old are you? 34. Okay. I'm just wondering why not sell off more of the index funds, put enough down that you get it to 25% and then you're breathing easy and you still have tons of room to invest. You're still gonna create so much wealth that I feel like you're, you're hanging onto the investing side. You've got that muscle down. I want you to have a life in the meantime and have plenty of margin. Oh, so you mean, so put enough down So it would bring the monthly payment down to, To 25% or, or less. There's, I mean, if, if your monthly mortgage and everything all in is 15%, you're gonna be breathing extra easy to where if you don't have a great year for some reason with commissions or whatever it is, it's not a big deal.


Okay. I And The more you put down, the less mortgage you have, the easier and faster you're gonna pay it off. And so you see how it kind of creates a, a really cool cycle there. Yeah. 'cause I guess, I guess the part for me was if there was missing something for that 25% rule, why that is recommended? Because right, if I were to spend five to $6,000 per month and it came out to be 33 to 39% of my net, but I still have nine to $10,000 left over, would that be responsible? So I? I, I definitely, I don't think it's gonna implode your life because you can out earn stupidity for a good while making 320 grand. But you also gotta think about what if I have a wife and kids and what if she stays home and what if that baby's expensive and what if you wanna put 'em in private school and you, you would just have more options when you have more margin.


And that's what I want for you. Even though you're in this stage of life right now, it doesn't mean it'll always be that way. That makes complete sense. I appreciate the help. Absolutely. Thanks for the call, Devin. That's a great problem to have. It is a great problem to have. I make $320,000, what should my housing be? Well you got more options when you make that much. Yeah. The 25%, obviously there's the barrier between blessing and burden, but in that case it's also accounting for a life change. Whether it's you, you're in this job now, but you don't know what awaits you a year from now. You know, you, you're a single guy now, but you don't know what awaits you five years from now. And so really sticking to that 25 to 30%, like if you're 28%, it's not gonna destroy you. Right? You're not on fire.


You're not on fire. But for some people, depending on their numbers, 28% is a big deal. So, Or if he goes, Hey, I need a pay cut 'cause this job is burning me out. Exactly. And, I need to make one 50 now. Yeah. And, I wanna be home more with my family. Well Now he's locked in. Exactly. And so no one's ever called in going, my mortgage is only 15% of my take home pay. And I. Wish it was more, man. Yeah, I wish I was closer to 30. And so it's always gonna be a blessing to have less payments in your life. I think 25%. I like that margin because it really enforces a key principle of everything we teach, which is truly living below your means. And the more that you keep your lifestyle at this low level, ultimately, like we've talked about, the more freedom you have. You can switch jobs. You can decide, I don't want, you know, 320 is a great income, but it's not the life for me anymore.


I'm gonna go over here and be a photographer and make, and you never have to switch your home, your Housing. If you wanna give 10%, you wanna invest 15%, you still want to go on vacation and upgrade the car. Life is just better with more margin. Yeah. And so freedom, that's what it is. It's not legalistic. It's all for freedom, baby. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone, and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there. But here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor Ramsey. Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Hey, if you're listening to the show, I assume you enjoy it. And if you do, do us a quick favor. It's completely free. And share the show. Hit the subscribe button. The follow button, leave us a kind review, let us know what you think. It all helps us so much. It is the best marketing tool we have because humans are the best way to share the show with other humans. That's the goal. So do that and we'll keep the show afloat. That's how it goes. That's how it goes. I know. No better way to keep the show going than you guys all sharing it and keeping it. You're the plan. Keep it alive. Yvette is in Houston, Texas. Up next, what's going on?


Hello. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. I'm actually having a lot of issues. I'm in a foreclosure. Oh my goodness. And I. Yeah. I initially did everything to get out of it. And, I thought every, everything was taken care of as far as a modification. I don't know how important this is, but I'm divorced and my ex-husband is on the deed. Even though he's never had any connection to the house. We happened to, to be in the middle of the divorce. When I purchased the house, So I was told that he had to be on the deed. I didn't even realize I could take him off. Ooh, I I'm just finding that out. Yeah, but I mean, he's cooperative with, you know, like when I need the paperwork and all that stuff done.


Okay. So he lives in another state though. So when I, I was sent the final documents for the, the modification. They, you know, sent a copy to him and a copy to me. And I called to follow up to make sure his copy was actually received by them. The first time it wasn't, but the second time they said, yes, it's here. You know, was came in on this day, signed in, but it hasn't been reviewed yet. So that was a worry that was outta my mind. But my documents, they sent them back to me and said that the notary hit them incorrectly. And I needed to have 'em notarized, re notarized. Okay. So anyway, by the time I did that and sent it in And, I had already made two, two payments.


Not the trial payments, the actual new modification payments. Okay. I had already So I. Yeah. I'm, I'm into it. So then when I called to follow up, they said that the deadline had passed by two days. And I no longer was, yeah, I was no longer eligible for the, the Modific modifications. And I. I talked to these people constantly on a regular basis. And, I have to say that, that my assistant there, he was very stressful. He stressed me out every time I talked to him. But he never really answered any questions as far as, you know, what happens, you know, by this date, gimme dates. He never, never Gave that. Well, what's the current status?


How many payments have you missed? Well, like I said, I was making the two that was supposed to happen and then they stopped and they wouldn't take anymore. So right now, I think So what, what's their last communication to you? Where are you at in the foreclosure process? Well, Now it's on hold only because I'm a, I'm a victim of a hurricane. And I didn't ask for anything. They, you know, they just said, were you affected by a hurricane And? I said, yeah. And then the person said, What hurricane when? Yeah. Is this recent Hurricane Y Yeah. Texas has hurricanes anytime. It's summer. So yeah, I mean like, but I'm saying that happened this summer.


Yeah, it just happened like, okay. I don't know, three, three weeks ago. But even before that, we had a, we had a tornado before that And I was Affected by they're tornado. They're, they're, they put it on hold because of the, that inclement weather situation. Yeah. And, and on hold is what I thought it was. But it's a, for, it's a forbearance. So it's not just on home until, Until the end of October. So I. Ask a couple of, can I ask a couple of questions just to get my head around this. What took place for you to miss the initial payments? What was going down that was causing you to miss however many payments that you missed and got behind and Right. Has is that situation over? No, and, and I'm, I'm, I'm willing at this point to sell my house.


But, and that's something I fought against for so long. But no, I'm, I have a disability. And I haven't been able to work. Okay. And, and over, over 10 years. But I, I'm not receiving disability. It's been, it's been very hard this last time. I, I haven't even filed the appeal. I just was in a state of depression. And just So what has your income been for the last 10 years? Where is it coming from? Well, Well it was coming from, from child support for the most part. But now my daughter is an adult. So where do you get money now? And. I. Well now I have a part-time job that makes things even worse. So that, that's what I have. But my daughter has her income now. And so the two, I mean, it's still very low 'cause she only works part-time as well.


That's Both of you working part-time? Both of you living in the house and you can't make the mortgage payment? No, no. We, no, we can make it now, but, but what actually stopped me from making it, I ended up being sued by my homeowner's association, which that totally just wrecked everything. I had to pay them $6,000 and that, that's what really caused me to get behind because coming, Has the HOA payments been resolved? Did you pay that? Yeah, that's, that's, that's over and done within. I'm gonna have to figure out some way to get that back. 'cause it, that's a whole other story. I, I had been on a payment plan with them since I, even before I stopped working.


I, but we have different people in charge of that. And Let me just interview, there's a Pieces here that we're gonna walk you through it. Yeah. I don't think that, have you ever attempted to sell this house? Here's, here's, I'm gonna give you my 50,000 foot view. This is a home that you can't afford. This has been nothing. This has been a burden on burden. On burden. I don't want you to foreclose, but I Wanna know. Is there a way, have you attempted to sell the house at any point to go, Hey, I can't afford this piece of property, I gotta get out of it. Have you tried that? No. And there, there's a reason for that. And, and like I was saying, I have no problem with doing that now going forward, but I've been affected by these hurricanes. And What does that mean when you say you've been affected, tell, tell us what that means.


Was The house damaged? I have, I have property. Yes. And. I have property damage. Not just from the hurricane I just told you about from the Texas freeze a couple of years ago when we were out of power. But the, the issue is the insurance companies, I don't know if you know what, what's going on with Texas insurance companies. I don't. But after that, even before, yeah, even before that freeze, we had insurance companies that were just not doing what they were supposed to do. But they Denying your claims. No, no, they didn't do that. My insurance company gave me $1,800. I probably had, I don't know, I'm just gonna say $30,000 worth of damage. And then we hit a wall and then they pulled out the state of Texas and file for bankruptcy.


Okay. So you have a bunch of work that needs to be done on your home that insurance wouldn't pay for. What type of work is it? Is it something that no one would buy the home in this condition? Is that what we're talking about? Is your roof half gone or is it more cosmetic? No, I think people would buy the house. But my thing is, I don't know how much value that I have lost. And now that I'm so What? So that I may not have the equity. What's left on your mortgage? That I thought I had? It's like right at a hundred thousand. And the value. And you're saying you don't know you could sell it for a hundred. No, no, that's not what I'm saying. I I probably can't sell it for that. My, my situation, I'm, I'm 60 years old.


My situation is, I would not, my, if I can, I would prefer not to sell a house that I paid for for 22 years and have nothing. Yes. And Then can't I understand. It's frustrating 'cause you didn't build the equity you wanted to. But this is not, you can't have the sunk cost fallacy. You're in a bind where you're gonna either sell this home or it's gonna be sold for you at auction. Yeah. In a Foreclosure need. You need to figure out, you need to get an appraiser in there. Figure out what the house is worth. I'd be talking with the bank and fig and asking them, listen, I know I'm behind at this point. I don't know how many payments you are behind. I know they tried to do a modification. It's on hold now. I think the fact right now that it's on hold is a blessing for you to go in one more time and say, can we just sell the property? If it's at a loss, maybe you ask for a short sale.


Figure out a way to go in there and don't let this be a foreclosure. I think that that's gonna be even more painful. It's beyond your terms, which means you tell the lender, Hey, sit tight. I'm gonna sell this house and we're gonna make sure that I'm, I'm ahead and we're gonna get this thing done. And So I would get in touch with a real estate pro. You can get in touch with one at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash trusted event and have them figure out the comps and what the house is worth. Let them do that homework for you. 'cause you got a lot going on. Yeah. You need to get to some financial stability right now and build a new financial foundation. And that means we're getting outta this house. Yeah. I think you've been hit with hit after hit, whether it was the freeze and then the hurricane, and then you're missing payments. And I realize that you've been in this house for a long YAAA lot of years, but this is not a place of peace anymore.


And your home should be a place. No, that's that. You walk in and you feel peace. And we want that for you. We want you in a place that you can afford and we want you to get the help that you need. I don't want real estate. Don't be a violinist on the Titanic going down with the ship. You can definitely avoid all of this and sell and move on with your life and get a fresh start. That's our hope for you. So get in touch with an agent and have them start to do the homework. You get in touch with the lender. Figure out what it's gonna take to allow this process to happen. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. And I know this because that was me. But the truth is, budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun, download EveryDollar for free today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Now we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans, there's Why Refi. We trust them because they help you with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get outta of debt. If you wanna learn more, go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey might not be available in states.


All Right, today's question comes from Kyle in Minnesota. He says, my wife, And I earn $230,000 a year. This income is fairly new. As my wife just went back into the workforce. We have a five month old daughter who my mother-in-Law watches. While we work as predicted, my mother-in-Law is now requesting we pay her to watch our daughter. Now, prior to making this arrangement, she agreed that we wouldn't have to pay her because we're trying to pay off debt. I understand we aren't entitled. We are not entitled to free childcare. But with 75,000 in student loans to pay off, we don't have this in our budget. It would be more cost effective for my wife to quit working than to pay for childcare. They talking about the mother-in-Law make 300,000 a year and have no debt other than their house.


So they don't need the money from us. How do we respond to their request to be paid for watching their grandchild? Let me tell you something. The animosity is, ha, it's popping. I feel it. Here's the thing. You knew this was coming because you said as predicted. So there's something about your mother-in-law's character that you kind of knew this was coming. And I'm not saying she's a bad lady, but he obviously knew something might, this Might come up, Come out of the woodwork here. Now here's the thing. I'm gonna call you out first and then I'm gonna be on your side first. I'm gonna call you out because they make 300,000. It's none of your, you know, they can spend their money how they wanna spend their money. They can decide if they wanna be compensated for their time. Don't add those other little statements in there because that just makes you a little bit like, like snap snappy, right?


Like, I can understand you're mad, but if you bring it up to them, the second you start saying, well, you don't even need this money, you make 300,000. Oh boy. Like boy's. That's the moment the conversation goes just into Terror Town. Here's the thing, you said that your wife and you make 230,000, you said the wife, the income is fairly new. I mean, I you're in Minnesota, I can tell you for us, for one child in daycare, it's 1300 a month. That's expensive. So if your wife is making more than 1300 a month, then yeah, it's, it's worth it. You're paying off debt. Even if it's, you know, even if she's making 2000 and you're only pocketing the 700 after taxes, like yeah, keep doing this.


I will say if this is gonna cause a lot of animosity and issue with the mother-in-law, cut her loose and say, Hey, we can't afford to pay you. We're trying to get out of debt. And you can say, you know, I thought this was the agreement, but if it's not, that's fine. We'll just put, you know, baby in daycare and, and just do it as gently as possible. Don't really try to hold him to it because, you know, this Doesn't seem like it's worth burning the entire relationship over. Yeah, I think there was some expectations. Expectations changed on her part. Maybe she realized, oh my goodness, full-time childcare's a lot is kinda like a work. It's a lot. And I'm not the mom. And so, you know, I don't, I'm not mad at her for saying that I feel like I should be paid something. And so maybe figure out what that number is.


I don't, we it's not said here with that number. Is it less than it would be to put her in daycare? Is it less than getting a private nanny? I think a hundred percent. It's less than a private nanny. Whatever she's asking for. Yeah, it's probably not 60 grand a year. And So, I would figure out what makes sense. But I would not continue down this awkward trail. Yeah, I wouldn't either. I gotta believe that grandma's not gonna charge 1300 a month. But you, you, Kyle, are right and feeling frustrated that she said, yes, I'll do it for free. And then is singing a different tune. Now here's the thing, here's what, what we don't know. We don't know how long this arrangement has been going on and we don't know. I mean at least five months at the very least.


And we don't know how long she agreed to do it without money. Like there's a lot here. But I think George, to your point, probably what happened is it's like fun for grandma to hang out with, you know, little Betty or whoever it is for a couple hours every day. But then when you stretch that to eight hours per day and then it's like, oh, and can you start browning the meat for dinner and oh, would you mind drawing night lo that load of laundry in the cloth? You know? Yeah, in the laundry. It's, it's a lot. It's a lot. When you're staying home with the child. And I could understand how grandma might be like. Yeah. You know, and here's the other thing I have issue with. Kyle said, we don't have that in our budget. You make $230,000 a year if grandma wasn't around. Like we don't have family That's right. In the same state as us.


That's true. It's not an option. So don't tell me it's not in the budget. Just tell me. It must be, it's gonna slow down my debt snowball. Which is frustrating because we made all this progress and we have all this new income and now it's gonna slow it down by X number of months. That's right. Just put that on paper and grieve it and go. We could have been debt free four months faster, but babies change things. You know what? And that's okay. You know what? Sometimes I'm, I'm gonna throw a perspective shifter right here. I'm gonna do this real quick. Let me throw it back to this. I'm training for a race. I'm training to run a marathon. Whoa. And it's some mornings I wake up And, I'm like, oh, I gotta run. And I'm so like irritated that I have to run. But then I remember it's a blessing to be able to move your body and run. There are people who cannot run.


Same thing with children. We can be like, oh, I have to pay for childcare. Childcare is the worst, blah blah. It's a blessing to have a child. And there was a day that you wished and prayed for a child, George, And now you have it. Don't complain about the childcare. I know it's expensive. I know it wasn't in the budget. I know you're trying to do baby step two, but get back that perspective and go, it's a blessing to have this child. One of the things that go with children is childcare. And I'm just gonna chalk it up to the experience. This is part of life. It's temporary. 'cause once they hit kindergarten, let me tell you something, George. Ding, ding. Oh, that money goes, it changes back in the pocket. You just gotta a raise. Hey, hey. It's A blessing. I get raise next year. It's a Blessing to have family that you even trust to watch your child. Yeah. For free or for money.


Yes. So there's a lot of blessings in here, Kyle. I think you should count the perspective before you start burning bridges, my friend. Yep. There we go. All right. Dan is up next in Rochester, New York. What's going on? Dan, are you with us? Hey, how's it going? Good, how are you? I'm here. Good. So my question is about my student LA my student loan payments. Okay. So. I. Just, I just graduated college in May. And I just got a job starting in two weeks and it pays $95,000 a year. Woo. And I have about 19,000 in loans. So I'm living at home right now with my mom. And I'm wondering if the loans are so urgent that it would be a bad idea to get an apartment with two of my friends as roommates.


We're thinking six to $800 a month for each of us in rent. I Would do it. Now this might be a, a hot take. Jade may have a different take. I would move out and start your adult life. I think there's something about having your own bills and feeling like you're actually an adult and the Rent is great. Six to 800 Bucks and it's reasonable. And will it slow down your debt slightly because you're not living at home rent free. That's fine. I'm okay with that because you're gonna hit this so aggressively and it, you treat it differently when it's Dan's money. Dan's bills Dan's debt versus Well, I'm kind of have a, a nice safety net here. I can get comfortable. I can still live. So, I had move out. I would too. And I Mean. And I tell you that as a guy who moved out at, at 20 years old and flew the coop across the country, And I think that helped with my growth as an adult.


Yeah, I agree. I do it six to $800 in rent is great student loans. I hate debt. But it's not astronomical. Right. Yeah. How quickly you're gonna pay off 19 k making 95 if you keep living like a broke college kid. I'm not sure. I I, that that was another thing I was curious about is, is how urgently should I, should I pay off? Because I haven't picked a Do You have any money saved Plan yet? Because I have bought 6,000 saved. Great. Love it. So you could throw 5,000 right today and knock that down to 14. It's gonna be paid off this year. No matter how you slice it, it's gonna be paid off in the next 12 months. Right. Okay. You make 95. Yeah. Once you do what George said it's gonna be knocked down to 13 or 14.


I'm sorry. And you know, 14,000 outta 95. That's, that's nothing for a single guy with No family. My guess is you're only taken home five or 6,000 a month. Yeah. And so if you go, all right, my expenses, I'm gonna try to keep all of my living expenses down to, you know, 1200 bucks a month. Well that leaves a whole lot to throw debt. What if you could throw four grand at the debt for four months straight? That looks like 16 grand paid in four months. Boom, you're done. You'd be done by Christmas. Yeah. Outta sight. Yeah. Never to be seen again. That would Be my personal goal, Dan, for you is four months, you're done by Christmas, by New Year's Eve, you are celebrating with your buds. You are debt free and you make 95,000 with the rest of your life ahead. Ooh. You're gonna be so rich.


You're gonna be so wealthy. Dan. Don't get tempted though with all your, their friends are gonna be going out and Dan's gonna say, Kate, can we stay in? I'm trying to pay off some debt. That's the temptation. That's good. But man, four months. You could do anything for four months. Yeah. Dan is gonna be rich. I like This. I like this plan. He's only 20 old. Dan's the man with a plan. All right, we'll be back. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw. If you want to hear more from us, you can read our books. Jade's got a great one called Money's Not a math problem, And. I've got one called Breaking Free from Broke. You can find those in the Ramsey Solutions store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Alright Jade, we have a question that came from our Ramsey Network app. Okay. And if you wanna ask a question for those listening without ever having to call in, you can click the link in the show notes. Download the app for free. Once you're in the app, navigate to The Ramsey Show and click Ask a question and you can submit it for the show. And maybe we'll address it live on air. Here's one from Angela. What's a tactful way to communicate clearly to people that you cannot partake in certain activities, like eating out vacations, gift giving because you're broke and paying down debt.


How do I say no in a respectful way? I am not going That's gonna hurt feelings, Jade. I won't be there. It's hurting feelings. No It's not kind. Period. Is that not nice? I Think at some point societally we decided no was rude. You know, I mean I think it's from toddlers. Toddlers yell. No, it just feels Rude. I think we just, I think as people sometimes we feel the need to give like these disclaimers. I can't go because Oh. And I'm like, You're grown when you're grown. I feel like when you hit 30 you Say can't make it. Y'all have fun once You hit 30, you don't have to tell anybody anything. And then once you hit 40, you definitely don't have to tell anybody anything. Especially, and let me add, if you have kids, you definitely don't have to tell anybody anything of boy.


That's right. You just feel like listen, I'm not gonna be able to make it. Yeah. Done and and Done. And And if they're a real friend then you can tell 'em what's going on. Say, Hey, I'm trying to, and they'll understand. Oh totally. Yeah. Absolutely. If it's a real friend and If it's not a real friend then they're just being nosy when they ask and they go tell me more. Well there are sometimes there are like those like trolley people who you're like, oh I can't go, I'm trying to pay off your my debt. Or like, I didn't budget for it. And they're like budget pay off your debt. Like those people. Oh yeah. Those are the ones that you gotta be careful of. They hold their nose high. When you say Dave Ramsey Oh doesn't he want you to live on like rice and beans? Yeah. And they kind of get kind of funky about what you're trying to do. So I do think you do have to be careful about, you know, make sure you're telling people that you know will support you.


But honestly I know I was kind of be fu being funny before, but I really think that you don't owe a lot of people explanations. I think you can go, listen, I'm not gonna be able to go this time. You know? Yeah. Period. That's it. It's that simple. It's not a priority. It's not in the budget. I can't make it. You can say whatever you'd like. Just say it firmly and kindly. Yeah. And move on. You could Even say, I wish I could go but I'm not gonna be able to make it The wish I could. Is nice. Yeah. That really makes 'em feel good about it. That sounds Don't say I didn't wanna go anyway. Yeah. But I'm telling you, saying no is one of the only ways to success. 'cause if you say yes to everything, you're gonna be going a million miles an hour in all kinds of directions. Yeah. So I think successful people who hit their goals, who have great quality lives have to say no to a lot of things.


Yeah. Everything can't be a Priority. And you know, I don't know about you, but have you ever been in one of those group texts where it's like everybody's doing something and you're like, man, I'm gonna be the only one that says no. And then that first person says no and you're like freeze you. Yes. Yes. Now I can say no. Yeah. And. I am that people pleaser. I'm a recovering people pleaser. Are you? That's my personality to be very agreeable. Wanna make everyone happy? Yeah. Don't wanna ruffle any feathers. So I had to get good at this when I was getting outta of debt. Yeah. Now with your family, you know, she doesn't say family, but I think the hardest time to say no is around Christmas time when the family has an expectation. Oh you, but you guys always come east for the holidays. Right? And it's like, we're not going this year. Matter of fact, and I'm not trying to weasel this in, but in the goal planner, the Ramsey goal planner, which just went on sale today, I talk about that exact thing in the Goal planner.


I talk about how to say and set expectations with family members when you're getting out of debt around the holidays. So if you're looking for that, check out my goal Planner. That's a good one. Yeah. Thanks for the question. Alright, Beth joins us up next in Grand Rapids. What's going on Beth? Hi, thanks for taking my call. Sure. I have a question about term life insurance. Okay. I know that it's the best thing to buy, you know, to steer clear of whole life, but I ran into a situation it, it was actually a couple years ago. And I keep meaning to, well I've been trying to find the answer and no one seems to be able to give me a good answer. So I thought I'd call you guys and find out, let's see what you know about this.


When we bought term insurance, I don't know, 15 years ago or so, we, I did it online through, I don't know if it was select quote or master quote, but something that you could, you know, look at different plans from different companies and get the best one. That's how we did it. Okay. Then a few years ago I went to a financial planning seminar. It wasn't just a one night thing, it was a like a little mini class that was taught by a financial planner. And one of the reasons I went was just to see what kind of information he would give me because I, I know quite a bit about financial planning. I was kind of brought up on Dave Ramsey before Dave Ramsey was Dave Ramsey.


But, but this guy, okay. So I raised, he's talking about life insurance and So I raised my hand. I said, oh, this is what we did. You know, you can get it online and you know, pretty good deals. And I could tell immediately that I was not to have said that. 'cause he just like immediately like looked paniced and was like, oh no, no, no, that's not good life insurance. That stuff that's just just horrible. And you have, Is it because to, he wanted you guys to buy it through him. Hey, You took money out of his pocket. Of course he's gonna be on on a t Was the thing the Yes. You. It wasn't, it Wasn't. You put the kibosh in his, on his whole thing. He wanted to be able to sell it. It. Yeah. And you said, oh, why would you sell, why would you do that when you can go online and you can compare all the rates and get it yourself.


Exactly. And that, but that, that's sort of getting me thinking like, is he right? You know? 'cause then he came up to me later, he said, oh you just need to sit down with me the way those, oh My goodness. Bet this guy's an aggressive, sleazy, pushy salesman. I know And I G guarantee you he was selling whole life insurance. I think maybe, honestly I don't know because the rest of the stuff he was saying seemed pretty on the mark. He did say term was the smart thing to do. Not whole life. I That's true. But what was the whole purpose of the, there's always a sell. He wasn't just bringing you there. I know. To tell you great things. I know there was a sell at the end. He doesn't Work for free. Yeah, exactly. So what's your big question? Are you just wondering if you were, do you correct? I is was he right?


Was am I, no. Is there a difference between, to me, I always thought term insurance is term insurance. It doesn't matter where term Insurance is. Term insurance. And there's a lot of companies that sell it. And so we always suggest a place like Xandr who's gonna go and make sure they get you the best deal with The Top rated companies with the top rated. 'cause it's a lot of work to go through and sift through all that. Nobody has time to do that. So if you go with a company like Xandr Yeah. They're doing all of the hard work for you. And so that's what you essentially said was, yeah, you don't, you've, there's a whole bunch of people to choose from. You can go on the internet and choose the one that's best for you. And he didn't like that because he wanted people to think that this is the only place you can get whatever it was that he was selling.


And so yes, sniffed it out. He He was trolling for business. That's absolutely, he was trolling For business. Trying and that's fine. If he wants to drum it up and offer you a free dinner, that's fine. But to tell you that it's unwise to get term life online is just stupidity. Yeah. He should know better. Yeah. I, okay. I, that was my gut feeling. But like I said, I looked this stuff up online. I can't find a straight answer. You Know? Well you, you got one right here. Find a straight answer. That's what I figured. You Guys got got no reason to lie to you. So you can get it how you want. We trust the folks at Xandr for term life and again, they Shop the top companies. That's my family's covered through Xandr, jades and Yep. You know, at at and on one end term life is term life. You want the company to be ty rated payout if something does happen.


But it's Exactly, it's insurance. Exactly. You know? Right. I'm not looking for the best restaurant in town here. You just want the best coverage at the best rate. So do you guys have that right now? Exactly. Actually we're kind of at the end of our policies and I'm actually debating on whether it's a smart idea to re-up or, or not. Our kids are now out of the house. My, yeah. Are you self-insured? Completely? Well kind. If something happens to one of you, would you guys be okay? Well, okay, our, we have no debt. Our house is paid off. What, what's your house worth? Are completely, well we bought it for 215.


Our neighbors just bought a house behind us for 500,000. So in this market that could, you know the way things have changed, that could be, I Beth, I'd be crunching the numbers going, what's in our nest egg? Do we need to re-up? Do we need to get a smaller policy? And our friends at Xandr can help you with that. So be sure to reach out to them if you need help with that.


All right, Jade, the show is about to end if you're on YouTube or podcast. Mm. We've got more calls coming up in The, Ramsey, Network mobile app. So be sure to go download that, finish the show, get full episodes and if you're listening on radio, just stay where you are. The show will go on. So there's two ways to get the app. You can click the link in the show notes or just search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play. And for those of you who have submitted feedback, we heard you, we are working on it. The team is working to make this app better every single day. We are just getting started. So don't miss what's coming up next. Go watch the full show in the app for free. Who knows what Jade's gonna say? Ooh, we just don't know. I can See the calls on the board and they're juicy. Y'all all Gotta get to the app and finish it. Alright Jade, that was a fun hour. This has been The, Ramsey, Show. Big thanks to all the guys and gals in the studio. Our audience live and listening. We love you guys. Thank you so much. We'll be back before you know it. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Baa bing baa boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.