
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app, Start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number, Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman and super excited to be next to the fabulous Rachel Cruz. Ladies and gentlemen, you ready to go, partner? Thank you. Ken, you ready to roll? I'm ready. This's gonna be a good show. All Right. Thank Feel so too, And I think we might be starting out hot, if the board is correct, Darlene is on the line with a question in Chicago. Darlene, How can we help? I'm wondering if you can help me figure out how to get rid of a disease that my children have.


That's called brain and Butt syndrome. My husband And I are retiring and we are paying down debt and we're within 180 days of retiring and walking away from 50 years in education. And our 25-year-old, 28-year-old, 31-year-old, 36-year-old thinks that we are called the bank. And I am tired of them wanting to know if they could gladly pay me Tuesday for a hamburger today I'm done And I wanna divorce them. How do I divorce 'em? Wow. Well, are you the bank, Darlene? Have you been saying yes when they've been asking for this stuff? No, I am a poor little person with a bachelor's degree who've worked my heney off for 45 years with my husband.


Okay. To acquire a property. And we have our goals in place. We have a retirement date, we have an IMRF pension date, we have a social security date. And a few of the children who seem to have the problem called weed man and gambling synonymous think that they can just keep taking money from us when I'm trying to stock it away and pay down things. And, okay. So Darlene, I love you by the way. You are, you are a gift to a talk show host, And I wanna point that out, but Rachel asked you a very important question that plays into our advice.


You listed the 25, 28, 31 and 36-year-old. Then there was Mr. Weed man. And we've got a lot of things going on here Are all four kids who are adults, by the way, are they routinely asking you for money and are you giving them money? Yes or no? They ask for money. So regular that I have the ringtone that comes through is basically, Okay, that's doing The sound of money. Okay. Do You give them, Are you giving it to them? Thank you. The last few weeks I've told 'em, no, I'm broke. I'm so flat broke, I can't even pay attention. Grace, What about the weeks before that week? How, how long has this pattern been going on the week?


Let me, let me put it two different ways, Darlene. 'cause Darlene, listen to me. We're trying to help you and you're great at the description and you're very frustrated and, and you should be frustrated. But what we're trying to get to is I'm gonna now say something and you can disagree with me. You have been giving them money for far too long for things that you shouldn't give them money for. And now you've had it and you're at the end of your financial rope and your emotional rope. That is a true statement. Correct? It is very true. Okay, so I'll be cranky guy and tell you that you can't divorce your children, although I appreciate what you're saying, but you can tell them as you have the last two weeks, the gravy train is officially over.


It's my fault. But you're gonna have to stand strong on this because that you've probably tried to do this over the years and they kept asking and you eventually gave in and you may not have. But the point is, is that Rachel, she's gotta say what she said and now she puts that and stick to it. Stick to it. Yeah. But so Darlene, I mean, a little bit of me is like, well, of course they keep asking you for money 'cause you keep giving it to 'em, right? Yeah. So there's a point that they probably shouldn't, right? I wish they were adults on their own two feet. But you have been enabling the situation for years, you know? Would you agree? Right. And I, I'm over being an enabler And you're done. I wanna tell it. I'm good for you. Hear I hear it. Oh yeah. So how was saying no, the last like two weeks or so?


How's that been for you? For two of them, three of them. It's been great. For one, of course, she had a problem with a car, which we loaned her money for so that she could, and we're still waiting three weeks later for that money, just like the daycare is waiting for money. Well, You ain't gonna get that money for their daughter. You're not gonna get that money back. So my husband says, we're burned and you know, we're not getting, we're not getting any Kentucky jelly when we loan out this money and we're over it. What's Kentucky Jelly? KY jelly. It's What? Oh dear. Yeah, if you're going in for a gynecological chicken. Oh my God.


All Right. All Right. I got it. I was trying to move on, but I was honestly in a state of being stunned. Darlene, you are a gift again, too. Live radio. Wow. Now let me ask you this, as I try to move on, I'm trying so hard, James, I Think you're doing it. Is the Husband, I think he's just saying no, Is the husband, is your husband in agreement with you? Like he's not gonna have a problem taking a stand. He is. He feels so burned and so disappointed in the path that we've led our children on with make do, do without wear it out or go without, because that's how they were raised. Well, and Good for you. So you've answered your own question, Rachel, And I can't give you any tips other than you've gotta make it very clear to the kids and come up with a phrase that you say, and it lemme tell you where I go on this kind of stuff.


Because if, if, if one of 'em keeps coming back to you, I would have the same phrase And I would repeat it over and over again until they realize, oh, mom is actually done. It's actually done. So you come up with the phrasing and Darlene, you're a treat. You need no help. You have coming up with any phrasing, but I'd come up with one of your classic Darlene ISS that you've dropped on us. And it's every time they ask for money, you say it that way. The Same thing. Yeah. Consistently. And even your answers consistent everything. Not in principle, but in actual verbiage. Yeah. Literally. That's what I'm saying. Darlene, every time you go and they say it again, and you, you just keep going. And I think that they'll get the picture. The gravy chain has left the gravy train, the vy, his Left, the, I'm, I'm thinking I need to probably get one of Dave Ramsey's shirts that says we got food at home, because that's a lot of 'em.


They think My husband And I live on what, $400 a month for groceries? Do they live with you? Do any of these kids live with you? No, but we have a granddaughter who lives with us most of the time that we take care of. And Which child's kid is that? That's the 25-year-old She's married to kind of the weed man, like I said. Oh, so the 25-year-old daughter is married to weed man, and their daughter is living with you because they can't or won't take care of her Because he's high all the time. Yep. The one quit her job working and the dads know better because You know what? I'm, some topics are so Bad. I feel genuinely, sorry. Be I I but Darlene hate that. I don't know what Rachel's gonna say about this.


So I'm gonna, I'm gonna step out there, Darlene, but I think you gotta send the grandchild back. You are, you are actually repeating this process with the next generation. Our grandchild is in the situation where if DCFS walked in and saw the slum, oh, the filth that she lives in, because she actually went to court before with her mom and her aunt. Oh, okay. And told her mom at three and a half that, All Right, The top, she, I changed the mom, I changed my opinion because if that's what you have to do to protect the child from going into government, I get that. So you know what? That's an extreme situation, but this is it. This is it. You're gonna take care of this grandchild 'cause you have to, no one else can or will. And then it cut everybody else off.


Yeah. And Darlene, and, and you know what, and, and give yourself grace, because I'm sure there's a level of a self-critic in there of like, what did we do as parents that, you know, ended up in this? But so give yourself grace in it. But you guys, from a financial standpoint, like you said, you have to draw that strong boundary. And I can't wait to hear Darlene's. I can't either. And Darlene, keep your sense of humor. I think you've got a great sense of humor. It sounds like you and your hubs are gonna be okay in retirement. But now it's about you two and whatever responsibilities towards that little one. And keep your chin up. Hold the line. Don't give in, keep those quips coming and just press through this thing. I'm so sorry for you. But you've got this


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrible. You're gonna have a crisis here. And you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. And term take care of your dad. Gum, family, man Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying, I love you to your family term life insurance. Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. All Right, let's Go to Jessica now, who joins us in Columbia, South Carolina.


Jessica, How can we help? Yes. So my quick question is, I was a victim of identity theft. I found out at 18 my mom had been using my social security number. Oh no. Since I was two years old. Oh, no. Found out at 18 when I went to go get a car and they wouldn't even touch me with a co-signer with an 800 credit score, no money down. Found out I had an 800, 180 $6,000 in credit card debt. Just loan. Wait, I, Wait, say that again. Jessica. A hundred and what? $186,000 in credit card debt. Oh my Gosh. Did your mom racked up? Yes. Oh, Jessica, how long ago was this? Oh my Word. I mean, all the way back to 2005.


Okay. The most recent one was in 2021, which was right before I was 18. And I got it with a lawyer, an attorney, and we got my credit wiped. But what left, what it left me with was zero credit history and horrible credit score. Not even a, not even a secure credit card will touch me now. Okay. I have a significant other, we're not married, but we have gone to plenty of financial advisors. And we have been told both that our best option is to get married. Because again, I can't get even a credit card in my name. I'm an authorized user on only one card, And I can't be an authorized user on a lot of other credit cards. All Right. Jessica, slow else. I'm just stuck slow. No, you're not, actually, yeah.


This is gonna be a great call for you because you're not stuck. But quick question here, and Rachel's gonna give you some amazing guidance here, I promise you. But why are financial advisors telling you that the best thing to do is to get married? Because that feels like a financial reason, not a good reason to get married. So I want to dig into that first, what are, what are we trying to accomplish? Yes. They always say sign if I can't, And I don't have a car in my name, I can't get a car of my own. We share my partner's car. We moved up here to South Carolina from southwest Florida, away from my grandmother. And to live up here near my father And I work from home, which isn't a big deal.


But our biggest issue right now is we have one car. Okay. Gone. All Right. Slow down. Slow down. All Right. I'm so, you're not, you're not stuck. This is, this is the theme Of call that I know. All Right. I'm just gonna ask a quick question here, Rachel, I'll get outta your way. No, you, you're good. But, but I wanna ask a question here. Yes. What do you do for a living and how much do you make? And I have a quick follow up. So gimme the real quick stats. What do you do and how much do you make? I'm currently a debt collector for Advance America, and I'm currently making about after commission 18 to 19 an hour. Okay. 40 hours a week. Alright. So if, if you could save up money for, let's say you could save up $10,000. I don't care how long it takes you, could you buy a car without a credit card?


Could you buy a car with $10,000 cash? Yes or no? Yeah. Most definitely. I mean, there's plenty of good vehicles for that Price. Okay. So, So I, I'm challenging some of your thinking here. I want to, Rachel's gonna guide you here, but I, I want to challenge this idea that you're stuck because you have no credit score and that you have to get married in order to have a car. Yes. You have a job and you can go buy a $5,000 car, a $7,500 car. I just wanna make sure you catch that. Are you Definitely, most definitely. All Right. I wanna get outta the way, Rachel, 'cause I know you got some questions, but my Goodness. Yeah, no, I mean, the paradigm shift that you have to have, Jessica is a pretty big one because everything you've been talking about so far on this call has to do with how do I live my life around having a great credit score?


And actually you called The Ramsey Show and we're the opposite. We actually, yeah. Don't care about the credit score because primarily you use a credit score to go into more debt is what? And, and you're finding that out when you're trying to go get a car loan. Yeah. They won't give it to you 'cause you have a bad credit score. Yeah. You try to go deeper into debt with a credit card, they won't give you a credit card 'cause of that. So living debt free, this is actually a gift. Jessica, you don't even have the option. Most people listening right now could go apply for a credit card. You don't have the option. So see that as a blessing, because I don't want an option for you, even if you had a great credit score. So how do we live life debt free? Well, number one, starting out, your biggest need is what you're saying is a car. I almost think your biggest need is maybe a new job as a debt collector.


That can't be a very fun job. So I want Ken to even talk about that. So I Yeah, you're limited there. I think you can do some really great work, Jessica. And I think you can work overtime. Do you have kids? Yes, I do not. I am. Okay. So Jessica And I have no kids. I would make a priority right now to say here, making a very detailed budget. I mean exactly what you're, what you need in life for food, shelter, utilities, transportation. And that's about it. Like, I mean, we're just going on the basics here. Everything else is gonna Go to save up for a car and maybe $5,000 is your goal, whatever it may be. Because you don't, do you have, do you have any consumer debt in your name? No. No, it's none all. Okay. And you're fighting this whole $186,000, right?


Well We, we, we successfully sued the credit Credit bureau And it got wiped a hundred percent. How much do you have in savings? Left with a Low. Okay. Yes. So Do you have any savings Currently? No. We just use our savings to move and, you know, get out of southwest Florida because the jobs there weren't any good. Okay. And we're currently trying, I'm trying to get back into college. I have one semester left to get my associates, but again, my mother messing with my identity has affected my tax forms to getting grants and loans. So You don't need a another one We're working on. Okay, listen, listen Jessica, you don't need a loan to get one more semester paid for. And I think your, your remaining semester of your associate's degree is secondary to what Rachel's saying, which is let's get some money saved, let's get on a budget and let's buy a car.


Because Jessica, we, we have people call the show all the time and they're trying to get outta debt. And so when we talk about getting outta debt, for instance, we say you cut everything and you work extra. And we have people very nor, I mean in a very normal rhythm on this show that, or making an extra thousand, $1,200 above their income on side hustles. So let's just make it a goal for you. And especially since you don't have kids be like, Hey, evenings I'm working. Like, whether you're waiting tables, I mean, you are doing something and let's just go crazy and let's say you earned an extra, let's go two grand a month. I know that sounds crazy, Jessica, but seriously, like what if you worked your butt off, earned an extra 2000. That means sitting right now where we are in the calendar by July, August, you could have a car by between, depending on how much that one semester costs you between now and December, after you have a car, another couple of months of working extra, you could have saved, you know, six, $8,000 for definitely your tuition.


So that's like, that's literally between now and the end of the calendar year, Jessica. So like, it is possible. You just have to make some really big goals and you have to, not that you're playing victim to this by any means, definitely don't be, but don't be leaning on the, on the credit industry to get you out. Yeah, Jessica. Yeah. You can get you out. Yeah, I know. That's what we're fed. We're fed our whole lives. That credit is what matters. I mean, again, we moved up here with the intent to buy a home and we found out quickly that I couldn't be on it. And I guess that's really what Well, and you don't need to buy a home with someone you're not married to, to either Jessica. So definitely, Definitely not. Yeah. Or get married. Or get married at the advice of a financial advisor So you can get a car. All Right. Now listen, listen to this. I just found this is in the Columbia, South Carolina area.


Okay? I just found a 2009 Toyota Camry, 182,000 miles, which on a Camry, might as well be a new car. Okay? That car can go for 4 82. Oh, I, oh, I know. All Right. Listen to this. $3,700 they want for this car. You walk up there with $3,200 and a hundred dollars bills and that's in two months. And say, guys, this is what I'm gonna pay you for this car. They'll give it to you so fast, your head will spin no credit. I Wanna, I, Do you hear me? Yes, I do. I've I've had plenty of, I mean, my first car was in oh five Civic, I mean, I don't have Any problems with used cars. Go. Okay. So I wanna know for you, 'cause we've thrown out a couple of things, whether it's cars or college or not buying a house with someone you're not married to and your rebuttal to us, this whole call has been Oh, I know.


Oh, I know, I know. But why, why are you then still dabbling in this idea? Like, I can't get a credit card, I can't get a car loan, I can't get a student loan. Because you're saying, you know, but you're still giving it an option. Why? No, I, I think it's just more so again, I mean we, I mean my whole family is, I, I mean obviously they're not, you know, they got their own troubles. But the whole thing is, you know, to have great credit and to not have this negative stuff dragging behind you. And even though I've got my credit history wiped, you know, everything nowadays, they wanna pull some type of credit. Even buy your pay. No, they don't. If You pay cash, you know, buying now pay later is horrible. Jessica. Like that's, I'm saying, you know, know you don't need to worry about those stuff. You don't know. I know. No, you stop saying, you know, It's more so the, the Jessica knowing, knowing the availability and, you know, Availability, but you only need it, Jessica.


You really only need it to go into debt. And that's what we're telling you is pay cash. Just pay cash for everything and you don't have to worry about it. And if some cell phone company pulls up your credit report, you can just show 'em the police report and be fine. Like, you, you can get away with other things, but you, you have to be convicted about this. Jessica, you're gonna keep getting pulled. I feel like you're getting pulled into it even though you're saying, I know. So you need a stamp firm. Pay cash for everything. It is possible. Jessica, you can do this and keep things separate from the boyfriend right now and live your life. Get yourself a car. Save up for the semester, get your college degree and ride off into the sunset. And then maybe get married. 'cause you'll love him. Not 'cause of his credit score. She's been hypnotized. Stop staring at the sun.


Hey, when you're gazelle intense, you sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next. But when you've gotten rid of all, you can save money by switching your cell phone plan to Boost Mobile. It's just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data Forever. Boost is a major nationwide network that offers reliable 5G service. And here's my favorite part, transparent pricing. There's no hidden fees, no contracts, and there's a 30 day money back guarantee, which means no risk. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY to switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. All Right, let's Go to Mike in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Mike, How can we help today?


Hi. Yes, I had a question about my life insurance policies. I'm 70 years old. I have four whole life insurance policies, which three of them I would like to cash in. One I wanted to leave for when I do die, it'll pay for my funeral. And the i, I have no debt. The car is paid for, house is paid for all that stuff and I just, it accumulates up. The surrender value on those three policies would be $70,520. Okay. And I'd like to know my, my, my insurance agent is trying to tell me not to cash it in. He says, you know, well what about your daughter when you die? You know, you wanna leave her some money, but she's gonna be sitting pretty anyway because she's gonna get the money from my house and all that stuff, you know, so.


Oh yeah. Yeah. And you have no one dependent upon your income right now, Mike, do you Have, what? Do you have anyone dependent upon your income? Just me and my wife. Okay. What would your wife do if something happened to you? I don't know. Good question. But like I said, the house is paid for. She'd still get part of my pension. Okay. I signed for that when I got it. And social security, How, how much will all that equal a month for her? Probably around 2200, 20 $300. Okay. And then you'll have 70,000 if you cash all this in. What, what else do you have saved? I have a, I have a variable, I have three IRA accounts, two traditional IRAs and one is a Roth and then I, and then I have a couple of other Roth accounts with a different company.


Okay. How much are in all those accounts total would you say? Every About 700,000. Oh, Amazing. Yeah. I would cancel all three of these. Mike can pay for your funeral with the 70,000. I would, I mean, because how much are you gonna be paying for this whole life policy that you're keeping and the and your agent wants you to keep it because he's making a great commission off of it. Right. And I'm still paying on three of the policies. Oh, That's why the insurance agent wants you to keep Exactly. Yep. So I would, I would drop 'em all, Mike. Okay. Just And what, what should I do with that money though? I mean, should I, Can I put it in like a savings account? Yeah, I'm sure I'm gonna have pay tax on it. Right? Do I Yeah, you'll have to probably pay for the grow with life insurance, whatever the capital ra, I'm not sure.


Yep. I, I would talk to them to know the tax implications of that because the growth is different than just a standard investment. But depending on what they invested it in, 'cause that's what usually happens with whole life is they have invested that money in a really crappy investment and, and so yeah. Dependent upon that, but I would, I would ask them that to make sure, but I would, I would just put that 70,000 in a high yield savings and you can keep it there. 'cause you have any liquid cash. I mean, everything else you were saying was tied up into investments. Yes. Do you have any just like cash in a savings account? Yeah, about 10,000. About 10,000. Okay. So yeah, So I would take some of the 70 and put it there. If you wanna invest some of it, you can, but you guys can just have a good buffer of high of Yeah.


Just in a high yield savings. How old are you guys? I'm 70. My wife is 68. Okay. How long have you been paying on, on the policies and do you have an idea how much you've paid over the, the life? Yes. I, well the three, the three that I, that I wanna sell, I've been paying into probably for about 40 years. Years. Oh gosh. About how much? A year? About a thousand I guess something like that. Alright, On the tax question again, talk with your tax pro, but if, if the payout or the surrender amount is more than what you've paid, Put in the growth on it You've put in, then you will pay taxes. So, but, but yeah.


You know, just figure out what that is. But here's the, that doesn't change our opinion. Okay. You still wanna get that money out 'cause it's not doing you any favors. You don't, you don't need to keep those policies. They're not helping you at all. And Rachel explained that, right? Get the cash, that's what do what she said to do with the cash. And cash is king on this and get out of this bad product. And you've done such a great job, Mike. And like to be seven years old, have everything paid for $700,000 in retirement. Great job. So to your point, your daughter, your wife, everyone's gonna be okay. Why keep the fourth one? And I know what you said. You said I'm keeping the fourth one. I've got four. Oh, wanna and surrender three. Why keep the fourth based on what we've told you? Because you're gonna have plenty to cover your funeral. Well, yeah, but I, I just figured that if I cash it in, the surrender value on that is $7,800.


But the death benefit is 11,004 50. So I figured that'd be enough for my funeral and maybe a nice dinner afterwards for everybody. A nice dinner. Oh, that's very nice. It's a three grand difference though, Mike. I just get rid of a crappy product. I would too. I would get rid of it. You've got plenty of money and, and you Yeah. And you're gonna earn plenty. You're gonna live a long time. I can tell. So, you know, I hope so. Put that money, get, gain the interest on it, as Rachel told you, you just don't need it. Get rid of 'em all. Get the cash back. You've paid way too much into these things for way too long. Yeah. Right, right. Okay. Yeah, man. Hey, thank you so much. Appreciate The call. Thanks Mike. We're a nice guy. So great. Once enough to cover his funeral and a nice dinner for everybody.


For everybody after. That's what I'm gonna tell people. Go have a great dinner. You know, because I'm gonna do The same thing on your laptop. Will you pull up the RAMSEY investment calculator? Yes. Okay. So Mike said for 40 years he was putting in, would he say a thousand dollars a year? I think for these, for these accounts. I don't know if, if all I wonder if it was just one of 'em or if it was all of them. I'm not sure. Okay. What do you want me to put it? But he, so he's 70 years old, so he's, and he's so, so he, 30 years ago. 30 years ago. So 30. So, so Age 30. Age 30 to age 70. Oh, I see what you're doing. And a thousand dollars If visit per month on the calculator.


What did he say? A thousand dollars a year. A year. So do like, just do a hundred bucks a month. So a hundred bucks. Yeah. There you go. Rate of return, we'll go 10%. Just to make everyone not freak out on us. God forbid we do 12%, but that is 10%. All Right. Calculate. This is very exciting. I'm just curious what Oh, Oh no, 600. It would've been $632,400. He would've had an additional over $600,000 and now he has 70,000. Y'all. Oh, that's how crappy whole life is. That shot to the shins right there. That hurts. That hurts. He would Had, I could feel it in my shins, he would've had 1.4 million. Yeah. In investments. Yeah. I mean, Great point here.


So just that's Yeah, that hurts. So everyone out there, that's how crappy whole life is. And for the actual insurance part of it, life insurance part, it's so expensive. Yeah. So go get term life at Xander and just Yes. At Xander Insurance, y'all. And call it a Day. I've got so much insurance on me because I had three kids, right. And I mean, I'm da I'm, I've always looked at my wife sideways when I get in bed every night, you know what I mean? Because if I've been, if I've been a little cranky or not such a good hubs, you know, I might wake up Heaven. We, We have our the other like literally this past year Yeah, I got a lot of, And I told, I was like, are you gonna try to kill me? Is this gonna be like a 2020 Dateline? I'm telling you Man, Situation, I'm more valuable dead than I am honest.


So I promise you that the kids are teenagers. She doesn't need me around the house anymore. I don't have to do baths. I don't have to do homework. I mean, what am I doing? She Has a major physical labor. But the point is, you know why I got so much for peace of mind? And it's so unbelievably inexpensive. So cheap. It's so cheap. It's so cheap. If you're decently healthy, it's going to be really cheap. And that investment calculator exercise, what a great exercise that was. Poor guy. Oh man. $40,000 he's put in. Oh. And what that could have grown to, and now it's just 70,000 is what it'll be. And Then the insurance agent is still sticking it to him. Oh man. Come on Mike.


Such a bad project. Don't get outta It. Oh, they did it. There you go. They Did it. Oh, they put it up there. Thank you James. I know, I know. I should have plugged into my fancy little cord Here. Mike's doing great. Great. Mike's doing great. He's doing fine. He's doing fine. But you know, it's, this is a lesson for all of you listening. Yeah. Get term life insurance. Yeah. Do not fall for universal whole life. All these other policies. And if you get a lot of life insurance, get a taster, somebody to taste your food like the kings used to, you know what I mean? Back in the medieval age, they were never sure if their food was poisoned. And so if they gave 'em a bowl of porridge, they had to have a taster. They never, I believe it. Yeah. And if that por sucker keeled over, then the king was like, Hey, I Don't want that. I ain't taking that porridge. So I, I had an espresso martini recently and the bartender was telling us that there's, they always drop three coffee beans in the top of an espresso martini, you know?


Yeah, yeah. Ambiance. And they said if there's ever four, don't drink it. 'cause it was a sign back in like the thirties or something. If they dropped four coffee beans, it meant that it was poisonous. Oh. And so look out Ken, for your porridge, your Four. That's the the last thing that bartender needed to tell you. Rachel, by the way, if you don't know her well, I believe It All, she's never ever met a conspiracy theory. She didn't believe, I mean, ever. So now PSA from Rachel, I don't know, four coffee beans in the espresso RTD run, run three for the door, The earth. The earth is not flat. A don't believe that one. Well, that's good to know. Yeah.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is ai And I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster. Like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities, then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. All Right, folks, if you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck, and let's be honest, you are, that's no fun.


And you're constantly wondering where is the money going? The first step is always and always will be getting on a budget. And we've got a great opportunity for you to just jump into this very warm pool. All Right? It's called Learning How to Budget. And you can do this with our EveryDollar free budgeting trainings all month. You're gonna learn step by step how to actually make a budget, stick to it, adjust it, all the things. I mean, this is a skill like anything else. And it's also a new concept for so many of you. And as a result, it's scary when we wanna take the fear out of this deal. So sign up at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. You're gonna get all the questions answered.


Plus live q and a above and beyond what they're gonna teach you. Sign up for free. For those of you who can't afford anything, this is beautiful for you. Sign up free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Sam is up in the big apple, New York City. Sam, How can we help? Hey, how's it going guys? So got out of debt, you know, fairly recently, you know, a couple years ago and you know, worked through the steps and kind of at the point now where I feel like I could give a little bit more and just feels, I guess, not fulfilling to give for whatever reason.


And I'm just kind of curious, like, do you think that makes me a bad person? Yes. What you guys kidding? Recommend? I'm I kid, Sam, I'd be curious about this. Tell Rachel And I what kind of giving you've done and why you think there's no right or wrong answer here. Why you think you don't feel fulfilled or you don't have some good, let's call it butterfly feeling in your body when you do something nice for somebody. Walk us through an example and why you don't think you feel it. I don't, yeah. It's such a good question And I appreciate you asking. You know, like I, one of my best friends passed from cancer, So I thought, you know, I'll give, you know, five grand to cancer research at the hospital that he was treated, you know?


And that made me feel good. But you know, I, I just thought that it would like, really make me feel better. I tried donating to a like mental health, you know, charity. 'cause my little brother struggled with mental health and honestly like it, you know, again, just like didn't do much for me. Okay. You know, I have A Hu because Yeah, go ahead. I got a hunch, Rachel. Yeah. Rachel's great at this. Yeah. I think there's something to be learned. You said something a moment ago, it felt good, but it didn't make me feel better.


That's a very interesting statement. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna assume that you actually said what you felt. And Rachel, I'll tell you where I'm, I I don't have the answer here, but you're really perceptive on this. I think that you thought it was going to be a much different feeling than it was. 'cause you acknowledge it felt good to give to the cancer thing. There was a, there was something there. And then you mentioned the mental health and there was another connection there to your brother. One a friend. One the brother I believe. And it felt good, which tells me you're a human. But I think that that either you over, you over estimated what it might do for you. One or, and here's my gut And I could be wrong, Sam and Rachel will correct me.


She's really good at this. It could be that you're dealing with some stuff, maybe you're dealing with, I don't know, I don't know. I'm not gonna hang anything on you. But I don't know if you're dealing with some negativity in your life, some depression, some anxiety, I don't know. And, and you thought maybe if I do this, it's going to really trigger something better in me. And I think you were like, oh that was good. Like an ice cream cone and then it wore off after you eat the ice cream about 20 minutes later. Yeah. Are you sensing anything? Maybe I had two thoughts as you were talking, Sam. And one, I'm speaking to myself because this was actually a literal conversation I just had with my husband, Sam, like last week. 'cause I read something in this book. Are you a person of faith by chance? Sam?


You know, I'm, I'm trying to come around to it more maybe. Okay. I didn't really grow up super religious, but Sure, sure. Okay. I'm in a church. So what I'm gonna say is kind of in my, my context of life, which is one of Yeah. Kind of Christianity. And So we are told from a biblical perspective to give. And that is one of the pillars that I stand on when we talk about giving is I really do believe with scripture like it is the wisest way to live. And when it talks about that and when Jesus talks specifically about giving to the poor, giving to widows, like, like there are orphans, widows, like there are specific people groups. Yeah. And that's what he did in his life on earth was he served and he was giving and that that was it.


Right. So I was telling my husband all this Sam, just like last week, 'cause it kind of hit me different. And I had this perspective 'cause I had been talking to my kids about this and how I wanna live out more generous opportunities. Not just giving money but actually time. Like actually serving, doing things with our kids. Not that now that they're older and sorry Sam, I'm going a long way around this, but I, it hit me last week that I thought man, I was giving for myself and then putting it on my kids of why I wanna give is 'cause I want them to experience, I wanna experience. It was a lot of me And I in my giving just like you Sam. And last week was one of the first moments where I thought, how self-absorbed am I, I'm taking something that's supposed to be beautiful.


I'm not saying you're self-absorbed, but I'm taking something as a No, no, I hear you. As a follower of Jesus. That's beautiful. And what we're just commanded to do. Like there's a reason to do this and it may not feel good all the time. It may not be great, but it's bigger than me. Mm. The benefit is great insight that I do believe the benefit is that you will end up becoming more fulfilled as you give. 'cause when Jesus talks about like it's the opposite, right? The eternal life. It's, it's the least. It's the least of these. It is. Well it's also, it's not all financial. It's, it's the opposite. Can give of your time and your talent. Yes. And then Sam, my other thought I had, So I would say try not to make it more of a byproduct that you're gonna feel good, but do something that's selfless even if it doesn't feel great.


Because I think that starts to change who you are. But I would also say the things you told me that you gave to are wonderful obviously cancer research and mental health, but they're a little big, faceless and big. Yeah, I agree. So maybe you find somebody, I don't know how you would, this just came in my head of a single mom and her son is struggling with depression and he's 12 and she wants to get him in therapy but she can't afford it. And what if you Sam, were able to anonymously or find a situation where you're like, Hey, I can actually give to help, help that son or a medical situation where you can actually help pay the bills of a specific family. Now you're not gonna get the tax write off and all of that 'cause you're giving to an individual, but at least you have this connection point that is actually really beautiful if you're able to.


So maybe make it more personal and then don't put the expectation so much on yourself. I don't know, because that's new for me. That first point I was saying, Ken, is that I told you Sam, she's great. That was unbelievable. Well now I wanna give you a chance to, to respond here. 'cause we, we've been trying to help here. No, I, this is super helpful And I think, you know, both of you guys, you know, hit it home where I think I was trying to one, make it about me, which is, you know, like how self-absorbed and you know, when you're trying to do something for others. Mm. And then two, like that connection point I think is huge. Just like, you know, I, I really wanna try that exact strategy, you know, like that, like finding a mother who, you know, has kid has a kid struggling with mental health.


Like that's literally like exactly what I wanna do. And I like, it's kind of firing me up and making me feel good already. So there we go. I really appreciate you guys. And, but that's really, really helpful. Thank you. And, and let me just say to you, the fact that you would call about this says what a great heart you have. Yes. And I I, I mentioned it very briefly while Rachel was talking, don't underestimate the gift of your time. Don't underestimate the gift of your talent to build the giving muscle. There is no guilt here. You're a good guy, but you know, how can you give your talent away? How can you give your time away? And what that does is, is that be begins to build that muscle because you go, man, that was great.


That was, I gave some effort, it was something that I cared about. And the last thing I would say is, I love Rachel's advice. Keep that antenna up. Look for the littlest of opportunities to give money. Doesn't have to be Huge. No, no. It could be. You're in the, in the grocery store and you see a single mom and you know, and you don't know if she's single mom. But the point is you just, you just feel like, ah, it feels right. I'm gonna go up there and drop 200 bucks on her. Hey, hope this helps with groceries. Oh, that and just walk Away. Like, yeah. Or you're at the gas station and someone's filling up their car walk. You're like, you know what, let me just put your, you know, My favorite is, is the old, Hey, I'm gonna get the car behind me at the old drive. Oh yeah. That's always a fun one. You drive away because you never actually get the fanfare. And that's the key.


Yeah. You gotta drive away, right? You can't pull over to the side and go, huh, how about this guy? You can't do that move. You gotta drive away. Thanks for the cost sale. I'm so great.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's. Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is Ramsey Trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps. Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to talk about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Thrilled to have you with us America. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number, Triple eight eight two five five two two five alongside the wonderful, the fabulous Rachel Cruz. I'm Ken Coleman and we're gonna start with Joan or Joanne, I apologize. Joanne in Baltimore. Joanne, How can we help? Hi. So I, my question is, is that my husband And I, like we just got an assessment of our home equity. And so it, it's right now at a point where if we were to sell our home right now, our primary residence, we would be able to pay off like completely our student loan and then that would make us completely out of debt and still give us like a little something left over.


But we're just, we're just trying to figure out like what's the best financial decision because we just don't know. Okay. And you know, it's, it's our home, so like Yeah, it's a big deal. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, we usually don't recommend selling your home in order to get outta consumer debt. But what are the numbers? What, how much do you guys owe in student loans? So, So the student loan is about like 85,000. And on the lowest end, the home equity if sold would be around like 124,000. And on the highest end it would be 1 57 is what the assessment said. How much money do you guys make a year? Like combined gross or Net?


Yes. Sorry. Combined. Let's go net. How much are you bringing home? So A year, like 1 67, 1 to 1 75. My husband's an entrepreneur so it, it varies. Okay. Yeah, that's great. But yeah, no, Johanna, I would not sell your home. I would live on nothing and get this paid off in a year and a half. And have your home with all this equity in it? No. Do not sell your home? No. Okay. Is this Your idea or your husband's Like his his thing was that like Right, because right now we're just paying like the minimum amount on, on it just because we're like, we're putting to savings and someone was saying like, oh well maybe if you get your savings to the, because we're trying to get it to like a three month reserve.


So they were like, if you get your savings to a three month reserve by the end of the year, like you say you're trying to do, then you can just put more towards it. 'cause like the thing basically he was saying like, well right now we're just maintaining the loan is not going anywhere. Right. Yeah. Because how much margin are you putting towards savings right now? You said how much am I putting towards savings Right now? Savings per, per month? Yep. It's, it's 200 a paycheck, so. Okay. And how many paychecks are you guys getting? Two. I'm sorry. So 400 a month. 400 a month that you're putting towards savings. How much is in your savings right now? And the savings right now is seven something like go 7,000 something. Okay. A little over 7,000.


Yeah. Okay. My question is, how do you guys only have $400 extra a month? What are all your bills? Because What's your other consumer debt? I mean, we don't really have any other consumer debt. It's mainly like our kids' schooling because they're in private school and like I said, he's an entrepreneur. So like my, my job is really the only job that's like more consistent than anything. And How much is he, how much is he contributing to the income? Like how much does he make a year outta the, it varies out the one outta the 1 67, how much is his, would you say? So it was 80,000 like altogether, but then things were written off.


So I mean, I don't know. Like my, my income was about like 1 54. Oh, So you're making majority of all this? Correct. Okay. If you're making 1 54 and your income is one 70, he's barely making any money. That's correct. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he's not making it. Yeah, he's Being all written off. What do you mean it's all written off? He's paying himself, but he's right. So like most of it is like, so most of it is being written off in terms of like expenses from what he's, he's making from what he's bringing in like expenses for his business. Okay. So he's not paying himself much at all.


Correct. Well the, the answer to this part of this equation is he needs to make more money like this. You He's not doing a hobby here, Joanne. Yeah, Like an, you know, I mean I love being an entrepreneur but if, if, if I've got a family and a wife and this is, this is a hobby that's paying him a little bit of money. This is a side Hustle, a thousand dollars a month, he's making 12,000, he's bringing $12,000 a month. Yeah. To the family. That's a side hustle. That's what people make doing Uber Eats. Right. Okay. I mean are you with us here or does this sound like we're speaking another language? I mean, I, I get what you're saying.


It's not that you're necessarily speaking another language. It's just, I mean I just feel we're like, we're in the mindset. Like we're, we're a team So I know you're a team Was time when I was, when he was team, when There's majority So I get it. But we are in debt and you are coming to us. Should we sell our house? And this feels like the nuclear option, right? No, your husband should make more money. Yeah. And it's his sounds like he's bringing this to you and you can be a team, but we can disagree. And Joanne, I would say the same. Yeah. Would be opposite if he, if he was calling and if he was making your kind of money and he's like, yeah, but my wife has her own business and she's make, I'd say, what, what's your wife doing? She doesn't like, it's not a I agree. Husband, wife thing. It's just the idea that yeah, you both have to be pulling your weight in order to do this and you're about to sell one of the best assets that you have.


And to get back into the housing market right now is market is so difficult. So I would not exit out of the housing market. What does He do? What is his business? I'm sorry? What is his Business? The last Question, what is his business? Oh, oh, he's in, he is in entertainment. He makes movies. He makes movies. And he does like Yeah, he does. He makes movies and he does like commercials. And So he has a production company? Yes sir. And he does trade commercials, local stuff for through ad agency, stuff like that? Or is he all in on movies? No, he does both. It doesn't. And How long has he been doing it? Discriminate?


Completely. I would say probably for the last 10 years he is like been building this business. Okay. I'm gonna tell you this pretty Great success in the last maybe five to seven years I would say. You don't mind if I quote Dave RAMSEY? Do you? No. Okay, great. 'cause literally I was on the show with him yesterday and we had a very similar call and he said, And I quote, if he's been in business for 10 years, he ain't building it. It's not built. It only takes a year or two to build 10 years of this. And he's barely paying himself anything. He's not building anything. He's got a fun hobby with lots of cameras and mics and lights and he wants to make a movie and hit it big and you're an amazing woman, but he is not contributing to the level that he needs to contribute to.


And 10 years of this, this is not him building a business. He had his shot to build it and he is not done a good job. That's the reality. And I'm quoting Dave, but I agree with Dave And I literally, we had this conversation yesterday and so there's a season of life where Rachel, I'm fine with him trying this. If it's a side hustle and we have no debt. Right. And the kids are outta the house Or whatever. Totally. Honestly, if he had, yeah. And even if they had no debt and they were like, you know what, this is what he like, this is, is what he loves to do, but we're able to do it. Well that's fine because we have margin and all the things, you know, that's a family decision. But not when you have kids in private school. Not when you have debt. And then you're talking about selling your house.


Yes. No, Joanne. No, no. I know you called about selling your house. We're telling you no, your husband and you could show him this call. 'cause we could be the mean the mean people. Yeah, but it's, but that's tough. Like if, I mean, if he made 80 grand a year doing something else, you guys, this debt paid off in 12 months. Yeah. So You're not much of a team right now. You're the one taking all the shots, bringing the bacon home and he's, you know, God bless him. And I know it's your husband And I promise you we're not attacking him, but this needs to be a step up moment for him. And we could get rid of this debt really, really quick. Get stable and then figure out what the dream looks like


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance. There's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of Cobra has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable, biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. The CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter, no purchases necessary. And you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi when life happens and those private student loans Go to default. Why Refi can offer you real possibilities, not judgment. Why Refi will help you explore a low fixed rate loan based on your unique circumstances. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Ariel in Indiana. I'm getting ready to move in with my boyfriend and wonder how it to best navigate paying bills. Are there things to look for that may not be in the budget? Do we split everything 50 50 or can we make the house payment and the other person pay for the utilities and groceries? So it equals two in-house payment. We have discussed this in detail and plan on staying debt-free and working towards the next step in our relationship. What are your thoughts? Well, thanks Ariel for the question. You know, this is always an interesting one to tackle, Ken, because it's so normal. Like these days always, it's so normal becoming more and more normal to move in Yeah.


Together before you get married. And I think one of the problems with that is this right here where you're trying to act like you're a married couple but you're not. So it gets things really tangled really fast. So honestly, my recommendation, Ariel, if I were to be honest, would say, don't move in. See if the relationship does go further and when it does and you guys are married, then actually be married and play house like you're married. But if you don't take that advice and you guys do move in together, I mean I I I guess my advice would be to, I guess you would split things equally. I wouldn't put your name on a mortgage together though. No. Until you're married.


But yeah, if you guys wanna look and say, okay, in order to run this house, it's gonna cost, I'm gonna make up a number $3,000 and you pay 1500 And I pay 1500. You, I, I guess that's what you do. But I, I mean that's where this gets so sticky is I'm like, I don't think, I don't know that I that that's a hard one. It's, You have to treat it like a roommate. If you're renting, I Guess, and you split the rent, you split The rent, you split utilities, maybe Split everything down the middle. Yeah. Just down the middle. If, if it's a roommate situation, then that's what this should be considered. But to your Point, yeah. From a financial Perspective, we took a call recently. I think Jade And I took a call recently and you've had these before and this was just recent last week where a lady and her boyfriend bought a house together and then it got nasty.


They don't talk anymore and he's not paying. She moved out, she moved out to an apartment, he stayed in the house And he is not paying the money. Both of their names are on it. Oh shoot. And he's not paying the bills. Shoot. And so they were worried, she was worried about it going to foreclosure. So this is the kind of example of why we say don't buy a home with somebody you're not married to because when you're married, God forbid something bad happened, there are legal ramifications and that is a lot while ugly. Sure, sure. Easier. Some safe parts there. It's easier to figure out. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, good advice. I just, as a girl dad, I got one girl, two boys just get married. Yeah.


You know, I Know. I'm, I'm, I'm with, it makes me sound like a dinosaur though. Okay. And I'm about to sound real like a dinosaur. Oh, I was talking to some friends about this because we got married young. Okay. So we, we are on the same boat. Y'all got married young? Yeah, I was 23. Yep. And we had kids early and well, we were married for about five years and then had some kids. But, And I know everyone's story's different, everything looks different. But I think there's like this notion nowadays, which I get, I don't think it's wrong, but it's like, Hey, I'm not gonna get married yet. I'm gonna wait until I've lived my life. Oh. And then I'm gonna settle down and get married. You know, I laugh at that And I don't know, call me old school. But a part of me is like, if it's the person, like go ahead and do it. Have a young, you know, I agree.


Get married young if you can have kids. Yeah. Like have some time together for sure. But have some kids be an empty nester early in life. Like do you know what I mean? Like it's Yeah. But there's like this caution around it, which I understand because I do think not everyone's ready to get married at that age by, by all means I get that you need to be ready. But there's like this, this idea in our heads, I think that eventually I'll know when I'm ready or something. Does that make sense? Like, I'm gonna live life first. Well I laugh at that. I hear that. But I think you've not lived life until you've been a parent to, to, to even insinuate that you can go live life and now I'm gonna settle down and be a husband, a wife or a mom or a dad is just mind boggling to me because that's, that's a whole nother type of living.


Right. Life before those two responsibilities Yeah. Is very different. Yes, yes. Yeah, certainly kids. Yes, for Sure. Like double, double income. Like Stacey And I were telling a young couple the other night about double income no kids and we were talking about it like it was fantasy land number one. 'cause it's been a long time. Okay. Yeah. But number two because it's like, oh wow. Like we just did, did whatever we wanted whenever we wanted. I know, I know. And that changes when you have kids, right? Totally. Totally. So anyway, don't tell me about how you're gonna live life. Carla's up in Baltimore, Maryland. Carla, How can we help? Hi, thank you so much for taking my call.


You guys have already changed our lives, so thanks for continuing to talk and support to us. But me and my husband are baby step millionaires and right now we're about to have an excess of five to seven K per month. And we're trying to divide that between steps five, six, and seven. And I was hoping that you could guide us on how much to put into each step or if we should just focus on one of those steps. Alright, well I would probably say Carlin, correct me if I'm wrong, if I'm misunderstanding you, it would be more like four, five and six. Baby. Step seven is once the house is paid off and you're just building wealth at that point. So it's not really contributing to step seven.


That's more of a milestone you get once you pay off debt or pay off your house, which is baby step six. Does that make sense? Yes, that does. So we still kind of give and have tried to give. Oh, You're thinking of the giving part of, of step seven. Yes. No, that's great. Okay. So it's more the giving aspect is what you're thinking about when you say step seven. Yes. Okay, perfect. So, okay, so what I would do is that 15% of your income will be baby step four, but you guys have that covered 'cause you didn't even mention that. So I'm assuming that's already just you're doing that. Yeah. And then I would look to see for your kids, how old are they? So we have twins, seven year olds and then we have a 12-year-old.


Okay. And we're currently contributing to their five 20 nines, a total of 2K per month. Okay. And right now we have about 50 K spread out amongst the three of them with much more in our 12 year olds since he's gonna need it sooner. Okay. Yes. Have you spoken with a financial advisor and run those numbers to see what, how much will be in that account at 18 if you continue on this track? Yes we have. Okay. So yeah. So do you feel pretty confident with kids college as it is now in what you guys have been doing? Like it that that will be covered do you think? Yes. I mean we do plan to continue putting in another thousand K per month into their accounts, but even with that we're gonna have an excess of five to seven K.


Okay. Perfect. Okay. So A little backstory, we've been remodeling our house and now we bought our dream house, we remodeled it, it's now the remodels almost done and we've been cash flowing the remodel. Gotcha. So now we all of a sudden have five to seven KA month. Okay. Of extra. Perfect. How much Do you owe on the house That we haven't been putting in the staff? Okay. We owe 600 K on the house. Okay. So yeah, I mean because it sounds like baby step four and five, you guys have covered that. You guys are doing that regardless of this money. So I would take this, yeah. Yeah. So I would take the six to seven K and you guys take a percentage and I'm gonna let you pick it. I'm not even gonna assign it to you of a little bit of lifestyle. Yep. Just to say, hey, we're gonna enjoy some of this and maybe that's 2000 extra a month, whatever that may be.


We're gonna give a little bit more and you guys can decide on that percentage. Let's give a little bit more and then everything else remaining, let's just throw out the house and the more concrete. Okay Carla, you have those numbers. Once you kind of do those percentages, what feels right and let's just pretend it's an extra, I don't know, I'm just making this up. 4,000, 3,500 extra a month, you're just throwing at the house and, and run out that scenario on our mortgage calculator on Ramsey Solutions dot com and just see where that puts you guys a payoff date. And if that feels like, golly, that so far, even though we know our income's gonna go up, you know, be, you know, our income will continue to go up, but we kinda wanna be more aggressive, then maybe you're like, well, you know, maybe we can turn down some of the other percentages and throw more.


I don't know, you can kind of play with it. There's really not a right or wrong 'cause you guys are doing baby step four, you're funding baby step five. And what's really left is that pay off the house. So still splitting some percentages between lifestyle, throwing extra at the house and some additional giving I think is great. And you guys can even change those percentages year to year. You guys get decide that. But I think the more intentional you are on the front end, the better off your results are gonna be.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. More and more people are becoming aware of the need for mental and emotional health resources. But over a quarter of those people still say they avoid getting therapy due to the fear of judgment. I know because I've been there, I've sat with hurting people for years and a lot of folks are scared to take that next step. So listen, when people won't get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts everybody around them, their families, their workplaces, the entire community. The world is better when people are healthy and whole. So if you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule. They have a network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the therapist that's just right for them. So to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time. It's easy and it doesn't cost any extra money. Listen good folks, we're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delon.


Hey George Campbell here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home, it's exciting, but there's a lot to think about and all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well here's the good news, you don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish, guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours. Truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash estate.


Taylor is joining us now in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Taylor, How can we help? Hi guys. So I got myself into quite a mess. I'm $113,000 in debt and I'm getting married in one month and having a baby daughter in two months for trying to figure out how to get out this. Whoa. Exciting. Okay, wait, when's wedding? Congratulations. What did you say? Two months baby comes one Month wedding One. Oh my goodness. You guys got a big three months ahead of you, man. Oh man. Congratulations Taylor. Thank you. You're staring down the barrel of responsibility, aren't you, pal? Yep. That that's for sure. Yeah. How old are you? I'm 25. 25. Break down the $113,000 in debt for us.


What is it? So 18 K in federal student loans, 57 K in private loans and then 38 K across three credit cards. Okay. Give us the three credit card balances just So we kinda know what you're dealing with. Smallest to largest 10 K, 11 K, and 17 K. Okay, perfect. And how much do you make a year? So I have an engineering job And I make 82 KA year from the engineering job. Great. And what does your new wife, will she be working? No, she'll be staying home with the baby. She'll be staying home. Okay. Does she have any debt?


No, she's got 40 grand in cash. Oh No. Oh looky there. Taylor, You're marrying up pal. Way to go. Well that's what we all try to do by the way. Oh my goodness. All Right. Okay, well that's pretty good news. Are you guys on the same page with working together to clean up this mess? What's her, what's her attitude towards that? We're working together. She is, she's okay with using her money to pay off some of my debt, but I don't know exactly how to approach that conversation yet because I, I feel kind of bad 'cause it's her money Sure. That she made before she even met me. And there is one more thing to add to the equation.


Okay. I do have an online business. I started six months ago and last month I made 40 K. So that's very good. But that holy crap, obviously craply Very holy crap. Is that part of the 82,000 or is that additional? That's additional, but it's variable. What, What, where is that money right now? Holy gosh. I put everything into debt. So this like every single ounce of profit good for, I'm using to pay off my debt. Okay, So you just paid off $40,000 in debt? Oh, profited like 30, So I paid off 30. Okay, gotcha. Wow. So that brought, brought it down to one 13, you were at 1 43? Yeah, that's correct. Okay, amazing. What's your, what's the expectation that you'll be making 30 KA month?


Did you see that like every other month happening? Do you see that happening only twice, a twice a year or what do you think? Well this business is six months old and in total over the past six months I've made 80 2K and then obviously half of that was last month. So. Okay. It's, yeah, it's uncertain. Any will, well any projection on this month 'cause we're, we're essentially halfway through this month. What are you projecting for this month? At least 20 Of profit. Yes. Paying to you? Yes. Golly. Wow. This is great news. Yeah, Taylor, besides the wife to be's 40 grand and in your additional 20, So you got another 60 you get to play with here. Yeah.


So I'm like, oh, let's just, we'll just pretend Taylor just for a second that her 40 and let's say this 20 are gonna go towards that. That means you knock off basically everything and you have the 57,000 student loan left is kind of what it is. And then next month if you make 30 or 20, you know, you're, you're going down to to 37 or 27,000. I mean, you'll have this paid off. I'm saying all this to say very quickly. I mean re I mean that's, it's pretty remarkable. So I think by the end of the year you guys will be debt free. But I think the more important question is for you guys as a couple, how you guys are going to do money together.


And I totally understand the notion of, golly, this was my mess that I screwed up and now the money she's worked so hard to save. Like, but the but the way to look at it really is that we are one team and if we are one unit and we're gonna move forward in this life together, we're gonna move faster and win faster financially if we do this together. If we keep kind of playing this, well that was yours, this is mine and that's the way we do life and money, it's gonna be separate your entire life and you guys are not really gonna ever be combined and your goals are gonna be so scattered and you're not gonna hit 'em as quickly. Versus if you guys are like, Hey, together we're gonna get outta this debt.


Hey, together we're gonna build up an emergency fund together, we're gonna start funding retirement. And our goal is, you know, to, to have x amount in three years so that we can start traveling with the kids, kids, you know, like, like you guys together are creating this life and money is just a tool to help support that Taylor. So I want that for you guys. I want you guys to get on the same page so it's, I know it feels like it's her 40 grand, my debt and that, and looking at the numbers and the math side, but I want you guys to look at it more as, hey, we're creating this life together and what, what do we wanna do with this? Right? And so that, that's really the, the main conversation that needs to be had. And then us combining money and going after these money goals together will naturally fall in line with this idea that we are a team.


Does that make sense? Yeah. And I guess one last, you know, one last bombshell, I have a leased car but she has a paid off car, So I'm assuming I should get outta that lease and either stick to one car until we're debt free or just buy something in cash, Correct? You're correct Taylor. Yes. Yep. I wouldn't stick to one car unless you guys can actually do that. And So you may have to get a cash car, like a $7,000 car or something like that as a part of this process. My question, Rachel, is he's got a month left So we, we want him to, he needs to be tackling this himself until the day they combine accounts for sure.


Yeah. So you gotta have the conversation with her. Taylor, one of the things you said I thought was interesting I want Rachel to weigh in on is you're like, she's open to it, but I'm not sure how to have the conversation And I I think it would be great for you to weigh in on this is premarital, but how does he need to have this conversation about what happens with that 40 grand on day one? Yeah, I mean I would approach it more in the sense of like, what do we want our marriage to look like when it comes to money? How do we wanna approach this together? Let's make that decision first and then out of that the numbers kind of start to play out. But yeah. Have y'all talked about money Taylor? Like how you guys wanna handle it? Yes, we have. We've had that conversation.


I, when I said she's open to it, I just haven't, she knows how much I'm in debt, she knows how much I make. We, she's gonna stay home. We have that all laid out. We just haven't decided for sure. Okay, pay that 40 grand is gonna all get wiped out and go right to my credit card debt. Sure, Yeah. Yeah. So I think tonight would be a great night, you know, I was gonna say open a bottle of wine, she probably can't partake, but yeah, but you, you have a glass Of something, good thing you're not the surgeon general Have a glass of something and just say, Hey, let's make some financial goals between now and the end of the year. And I actually, because she is expecting Taylor, I wouldn't put her 40 grand on debt anyways. I would make sure that she and baby are good. So we always actually say go in stork mode when you are expecting and be keeping that savings there that when they come home from the hospital and everything's good, then you press play.


But until then, just hold that 40 anyways regardless to make sure everyone's okay from a medical standpoint. And then, yeah, you guys tonight just say, hey, let's map out what we want the next year or even end of the year, calendar year 2025, what are some of our big goals? And start running some numbers. And it could be fun to say, okay, do we wanna try to be debt free by the end of the year? What would that look like? That's crazy, but what would that look like? And start very possible mapping out some numbers, looking at projections and just kind of start dreaming together. And then I think it naturally will flow to here's what you have, here's what I have. And as we combine this all together, like this is how fast we could hit these goals. And it starts to, in my opinion, be energizing. Think So?


I always think so. That stuff is energizing. You know, Taylor, I don't know if Rachel agrees with this, but I think this requires some flowers. Maybe even a spa day. You gotta go into this conversation. I God celebrating her. She's got butter 40 Gs in the bank. I know she's willing to take your debt ridden hide on. I mean, I I would, wouldn't you come on, doesn't he need a sweet this? I Would be nice. It'd be nice. It'd be nice, nice gesture my friend, you know? Yeah. She's pregnant. Take You're wanting to take care of her, right? And I'm Gonna take care of you. I appreciate you. Yes. I would make some gesture. That's, you know, and more than flowers. I'm gonna be mad about that. See, I think spa day, you know, maybe after that happen, really positive happen that a boy, you gotta go in with a lot of appreciation, my man.


That's right. Because A lot of humility. This Is a big deal. This is a great woman. And, and So you need to, to let her know that 'cause you're in good shape, my man. My goodness. Yeah. I've always said, you gotta out marry yourself. Taylor took this literally he did It. Way to go. Taylor. Congrats Taylor. It's a good man. It's the next fun couple of months for you guys. Yeah. Congrats on the baby.


Buying your home is a huge deal, folks. Don't try to do it on your own or with somebody that has no experience. Don't get scared, don't buy into all the headlines. Get with somebody who knows what they're doing. Give you an example here. Median home prices went up slightly last month to about $430,000 more. Homes are on the market the highest, nearly a million right now. The highest in 2019. So it's still not enough to meet buyer demand. The average 15 year fixed rate rose to 5.9% last month, but it's still under six. So if you're ready financially, a small rate increase shouldn't hold you back. To Learn more about the housing market trends and get free tools to help you buy or sell with confidence, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market or we've got the link in the show notes if you're listening via podcast and YouTube.


Nikki is joining us now in Salt Lake City. Nikki, How can we help? Hi, thank you so much for having me on. So my question is basically how do my husband And I approach helping my in-laws in their retirement when we are working our own baby steps and they are also not making financially responsible decisions themselves? Hmm. I don't know that you can and I'm not being cynical, Rachel. I I just No, I know there's only so much you can do. You know, maybe a suggestion, maybe an offer. But outside of that, if they don't receive it, what, what do you think you can do?


Well here's, I guess, let me give some context for what's happening right now. Last fall, they stopped paying their mortgage in a home they've been in for over 30 years. Why? We still don't wait. Why? We have no idea. They won't tell us. So we don't know where that money has gone and they're about to lose their home to foreclosure now, but they're trying to get it sold. And if they do get it sold, they'll let about 200,000. But they haven't saved anything towards retirement. And we don't know how much credit card that they have, but my guess would be high five figures. Hmm. Five figures? Is that what you said?


Five figures? Yeah. Okay. Well your first clue that you can't do much if anything, and I'm not trying to be negative here, I'm just trying to answer your question, but when, when, when they won't tell you why they stopped paying their mortgage and we're talking about you being your husband, their son, when they just say, we're not telling our own son why we're not paying our home, our, our our mortgage. That's a sign. They don't want anybody to know. There's something they are hiding and have no interest in sharing. And do you, do you guys feel like Nikki, that you're wanting to help them just because of the obvious, like it's our in-laws and we don't want them to be homeless?


Or are they coming and asking for help? A bit of both. So they have been kind of cagey about getting help, but my husband and his siblings have been communicating with each other and they recently asked his brother for $10,000. So we know it's only a matter of time before that question is directed at us. And, and they have a history of borrowing from their children and not paying it back. Oof. So it's, I mean it's, it's, it's pretty ugly and I'm just really feeling that anxiety because for sure I don't want to do this to my own children. Yeah. Someday. And I worry about how much money they'll want from us and will that rob me of my own retirement savings and my children's Education fund?


Okay, hold on, pause. Do you have a legit fear? Sorry, I kiss Myself. No, you're great. You actually said something that I wanna lean into is that fear because you think if they come to your husband and ask for money that he's going to give them some money and then you're gonna be really stuck. No, my husband And I, we have worked really hard to get on the same page when, when we first got together he said, absolutely, I'm going to deplete our emergency fund to help them if they ever ask. But he's very much the opposite now. But I guess the worry is too, if we say no, that it's gonna ruin the relationship he has with his siblings. Okay. Is he still gonna stand strong on that?


Well That's not his fault Or yours, Nikki. Yeah. That, that is then a, a boundary is drawn and whoever gets mad about the boundary, that's their decision to be mad about it. And so there's, there's a lot of, this is so hard. This is so hard because you wanna control the whole situation. You want everyone to be okay. Everyone do their part be an adult, everyone like, you know what I mean? Exactly. And you're like, we're the ones being adults here making wise decisions. Yeah. But we're getting screwed because we are making right decisions and now they're coming to us for money. And so the, I think the, the issue here is that when the boundary is drawn, if it's not really a boundary until someone bumps up against it and the fact that they get mad that they bump up against it, that's their fault.


And I, And I, And I say that with such love because I I you do not want a family to be torn apart by money, but you guys aren't causing that. They're gonna choose that. Right. And you can't control what they're choosing. And that's hard. Very hard. And, and Nikki, I understand, you know, your stress over it 'cause it involves your husband, but it also involves your money too. And as long as your hubs is on the same page and you guys are gonna hold the line together, then you shouldn't have that fear. And what I was responding to is when you said, I've got this fear that it's gonna rob from my retirement. Well there's, there's no fear of that happening. If there ain't no chance in the world, it's going to happen.


Now the only way that you get to that point is if your husband goes, I'm all in on this one, I'm not going to give them a nickel. And if you guys had, you know, $400,000 sitting in a high yield savings account or something, you're like, I mean we could give them a few, you know, and you wanted to do that, you could, right? Like, I mean people can decide to do what they want, but you guys aren't in a position Yeah. To give a ton, right? Because you guys are still working the baby steps. I wouldn't give 'em a nickel. Well I know you wouldn't, but some people are like, they're about to be, they're about to be homeless. So we No, you're Making a great point. I'm just, I wanted to put it out there that I think it's, I think it is so morally wrong for parents to put their kids in this situation. I know.


It really bothers me. I agree. I know, But Nikki, Rachel's right guys can do whatever you want to, you call us. No. Yeah. And I, And I wouldn't, but I'm saying it's not even like, I don't feel like you guys are even set up in a way that you really could help on a substantial level. Yeah. Because you guys are still Yeah. Working to pay stuff off and fund, fund retirement, you know what I mean? For yourself. So that's, how much do you guys make a year? Well, I just had my first baby and so I'm going back to work just part-time. Okay. So I think this next year we'll probably met around or not met, excuse me. We'll probably gross around one 10. Okay.


And what baby sip are you guys on? Four, five, and six? No, we're still in two. Oh, you're still paying off consumer debt? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Y'all don't have not a Nickel. Yeah, y'all don't have an option to do anything right now. You don't have the money. I mean, you guys are working to pay off debt. So like we you don't, you don't have the extra cash. What's The other brother doing on the, I thought you mentioned and How many siblings? Yeah, there's a couple. Yeah. That he got asked for 10 grand. What's he gonna do? Well, he's not going to give it to them unless the house is supposed to be sold to another family member and that should be closed on by the end of the month. If it's not, his brother has said he will give them the 10 grand in order to give them more time to try to sell so that they don't just lose Everything.


Oh man, that stinks. It'd be great if all the brothers circle the wagons. I I'm gonna, I'm gonna go a step further. I think you need to have your husband preemptively tell mom and dad, Hey listen, I'm sorry you're going through all this. I know you asked my brother for money. We just Had our first baby. We just had our first baby. My wife is not working full time. We're trying to get outta debt. I want you to know our financial position and our financial philosophy and don't ask me for money 'cause I'm not gonna give it to you. I, I would go that far because I think they are being enabled by the one brother sounds like a family member's enabling them by buying this house and bailing 'em out. We don't know what's really going on, why they would stop paying their mortgage.


This is a mess. And here's what I know about messes. You get near a mess, you get messy and you guys need to steer as clear as this thing as you can. Now that may be aggressive, but I'm just that kind of mentality where if I see a potential confrontation, I try to cut off the real confrontation by going, Hey, in case anybody's thinking about confronting this, I wanna go ahead and put out my preemptive position on this and let's avoid all the ugliness and the weird tension. Yeah, There you go. Because being super proactive in that. Yeah. Yeah. That may be a little too aggressive, but, And I know that, but I just threw it out there. That's So hard though, Nikki, I'm so sorry. So sorry for you. And you've just felt bad for the parents.


Like there is a part of you that you're like, man, you don't wanna see them in trouble Or lose a relationship over what they did. Yes. Like, wait a second, you guys acting like morons and because of that, we can't come Christmas. It's tough stuff. Call every coach.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I I got nowhere to go, So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye Now. You had it All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. So what do we do.