
Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. We help you win with your money. We help you win in your work. And, we help you win in your relationships. All three of those are so connected And. we want you to have peace so that you can live the life that you desire to live. I'm Ken Coleman. The incomparable, the fabulous Jade. Warshaw is joining me. She makes me look so much better. I'm always happy when you're here 'cause you make me sound better. You're helping 'em win with the fashion. Look at this Jacket. You like the jacket today? Yeah. Alright. Alright. We're off to a good start folks. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jade's gonna help you out, lead on the money questions and I'm gonna help out and lead on the income questions.


We want you making mo money, Mo money so we can get rid of those money problems. Heidi's gonna start us off in Columbus, Ohio. Heidi, how can we help today? Hi yes, Thanks for taking my call. So it's kind of a two part question. We have two special needs kiddos if it's they're little, but we know going forth, we're gonna be dealing with this at least the rest of our lives with, with helping them with their finance, with their health needs. But we're strapped right now. I've taken about a 20 hour work week job 'cause I wasn't working. And, we have no margin. So I'm struggling with, is there a way that I could maximize my 20 ish hours of work time? Because when I work more things just fall through the cracks.


That's what we've been finding. Okay. Because my husband can't hold it down. My husband has been at his job for nine and a half years and he's not getting a big raise. So we're just, you know, looking at it from, okay, how do we, we're living at, we have cut everything, but this is gonna be our lives, like with the kiddos. Yeah. So how do you guys have any tips or help or any ideas how we can maximize because I, I don't, we aren't even able to really save for retirement at this point. So it's overwhelming. Yeah. So if what I'm hearing, you guys have cut to the absolute bone. So this is 100% about we need more income. Is that what we're hearing? Yes. Yes. Okay. What does your husband do?


What, what, what space is he in? Yep. He is an analyst and he works in food distribution. So he does a lot of problem solving, analyzing things. What Does he make? He Honestly, because he's bored, he makes 62 KA year. Okay. And no real bonuses, so, Okay. 62 KA year and he's an analyst. Is that on the technical side or is it on the logistics side? Logistics side. Okay. Well, so there's two things. Very simple. Okay. And, and, and it's gonna sound simple and I just say it. But now we've gotta actually go do what I'm gonna tell you. And so if he were sitting with me to right now, I'd say, okay, you've got experience and you've got skill as an analyst.


You're in logistics right now. But you could probably move over into the technical side of things. And technology right now would be one space that I would have him look at because he can get trained and qualified pretty quickly. And again, he has transferable skills and experience with, with a path upward is, is where technology's going. And he's kind of in process, not kind of, he's in the process type of work. and I just think he has to upskill and that's gonna take a little bit of time. And unfortunately some money and I and Jade can weigh in there. She knows how to, I'm telling you, she can find money and, and I want her to weigh in on that.


But I would be looking for him. He needs to be adding 20 to $40,000 to that income would be his goal. And that would make a sizable change in your life. Yes or no? Oh, that'd be huge. Okay. So he's, because of the kiddos, because you're the CEO of the house and you've already said this lovingly when you're out, it drops through the cracks. And that's what it would be like in Stacey and I's relationship too. If Stacey was out there doing stuff and I was left to try to figure it out, Jade, it'd be a four alarm fire. It would be a hotness. Yeah. You know this to be true. Yeah. So I get that. So I think we wanna focus on him right now. And, and so he needs to be thinking about where can I pivot so that I'm on a ladder and I'm, and I'm making six figures.


That is not an aggressive goal. I think it's a very realistic goal. And so I'm gonna do a couple things here 'cause I want to get Jade in here on the money thing because here's what we're, here's what I wanna bring you in on and I'm gonna give her something really quick, but I, I'm, I'm mentally here, there's potentially a minimal cost for him to do some upskilling. Agreed. And so I want you to weigh in on that because she's already feeling like, but real quick, right handed to Jade. Yeah. Heidi, we're going to give you, when we put you on hold in a second, I want to give you your husband, the find the work you're wired to do book. And it comes with the get clear assessment because it's gonna help him not be so intimidated as it comes to ideating.


What are his options right now? And then not only will we give you that, Christian will also set him up if he'd like to call my show where I can actually coach your hubs directly. 'cause I believe that we can actually help him map out and I've helped a lot of people increase their income. So I want to do that 'cause I can't do that with him right now. Is that okay? Can we do that? Oh, That'd great. Yeah. Alright. Alright. thank you. So I wanna bring Jade in here. Jade, what, what do you see here? What are your thoughts? Ken, I think you're exactly right. We talk all the time about getting your income up and it's usually divided between two ideas. It's either side hustle, which is kind of a short term way to accomplish some goals. But if your, your core income isn't right, the next way is your core income.


And that's really the problem here. But to your point, it's true. When you set out to get your core income up, you have to know like this is a journey over time and you're going to have to make the investment of time and money, you're probably gonna have to get your skill sets up. That might cost some money for some people it's, yeah, it's upskilling, it's getting a certificate. It might be continued education for some people it's the job market I'm in is not great and so let's move to a place where there's a better job market. So just understanding that it's not a light switch, that you flip that immediately, you know, you're upping your income by $40,000. That's, that's, this is a journey. That's right. And Ken, kudos to you for offering that coaching. That's very valuable. and I think that that's Gonna, we can, we can get him there. Yeah. Now one other thing I wanna mention Heidi with, with Jade here, because you're, you're a full-time.


You're a full-time mama and a full-time pro Working on it. You got two youngsters. Yeah. She's has some unique challenges. That's right. What I want you to address is, okay, she needs to keep working those 20 hours and it's really hard. What, what are some options to get some help Heidi do? Is there, is there a grandma, a grandma in your church or a a, a lady who, she's, she's she's raised kids and she could step in that gap to where your husband's not feeling all that weight. 'cause we still need those 20 hours of income right now. We do. Jade and I think it's important the same way we're looking at how to maximize his income. There probably are ways that you can maximize your 20 hours. What are you doing right now and what are you getting paid?


Yeah, I'm a front end helper at a local boutique studio. So I get paid 15 an hour. I do get a little commission, but it, it, it's so irregular. I can't even, sometimes it's $30, you know. Yeah. A month. but it was the most flexible, was working more than nighttime shifts, you know what I mean? So like that was why we, What does nighttime shift look like for you? Really quick? We only got about a minute. What's that nighttime shift look like? Yeah, I've been working three to eight or two to eight because he, he is at home in the afternoon and then I work 2:00 PM to 8:00 PM Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, here's what I'm gonna recommend, But I'm, I'm Gonna recommend a Target, a Walmart, a big box store.


Make 18 $20 an hour To where we could get a couple more bucks an hour. 'cause everything matters right now. It Does. That's a big difference. And the more experience you get, who knows. You might be able to pop into, you know, another type of job that you're doing remotely that they have the ability to pay you more because it's remote, remote work. So look into that. Virtual assistants make a lot of money. Yeah. Hang on the line Heidi. We're gonna get that resource for your husband and I'd love to schedule a call with him, And, we can change his name, location, all that to protect the privacy there. But he can be making more money and should be and that's gonna change your life. Thanks for trusting us. Thanks for the call. Hang in there mama. You guy. It's gonna get better. You guys are doing a great job. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've been working the Ramsey plan and you've made real progress. But if something happened to you tomorrow, would your loved ones be able to access all the account info you've got stored on your computer, phone or even scraps of paper Knock box can help. That's knock box. NOK as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that organizes your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place to help protect what you have worked for. So ditch the thumb drives and file cabinets and organize your digital and paper files with Knock Box. You'll leave memories, not a mess. Get your family's knock box today@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. That's N ok box.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is with me. The phone number for you is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'd love to get your question.


You know, we talk about this all the time, Jade, the best way to make the most of your money is to create a what? A budget. Oh, she's the budget queen. She's the budget queen. And our signature And. we believe the best budgeting tool out there is EveryDollar. It's gonna make it really simple for you to do that very thing to budget, to plan your spending, see where the money's going through tracking the expenses. And this is gonna allow you to have the margin you need to save for what you need to save for obviously to get you through the baby steps. And that's how you're winning with money. You can download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play. Or you can click in the link in the description here in the show notes if you are taking in the show via YouTube or podcast. So there You go. And if you, if you are sitting up your budget for the first time, George and I Ken did a That's right. A video that shows you exactly how to set up your EveryDollar budget for the first time. It literally takes five minutes. So if you're looking at The, Ramsey, Show on YouTube, just search it in there and you'll find it. Love that. Setting up your EveryDollar budget.


Alright, let's get back to the phones. Toronto is where Jason is joining us. Jason, how can we help? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. Actually I have some questions in regards. I wanted to consolidate a lot of my debt into my mortgage because I'm finding, I'm doing a lot of Peter pays Paul and I'm not really being anywhere paying off my debt. My bank has actually suggested a home equity line of credit, which I believe is known as a heloc. Now George, I believe you're not a fan of HELOCs and I don't know enough about them. Well George is not with us. But you are correct that he is also not a fan of it. None of us are, nor are we. Here's The thing. So let, let's, let's stop right there because you told me you're doing a lot of robbing Peter to pay Paul, right?


Yeah, absolutely. And this is essential. This would be you continuing that pattern if you do this because you'd be robbing the equity in your mortgage to pay and I p pay in air quotes. 'cause you're not really paying it off. You're just moving the debt truly to a more risky place. You're moving it from kind of having a freestanding location out there in the abyss to now being connected to your home. Which means if for some reason you fall on even harder times and you have a hard time paying that debt, now your home is at risk. Correct. Whereas before you could have chosen, hey, no matter what I'm paying my mortgage, I'm keeping these four walls, so it's not, And that's what I'm doing right now. Exactly. Exactly. So for that reason, it's not a good idea. Tell us more about your debt and let us offer a situation that's going to give you less stress.


Sure. I mean I currently got 18 years left on my mortgage, which is at 134,000. Okay. And then I have a truck loan that's out there at 56. I've got five years left on that. 56,000 and I Have 56,000. Okay. And then I have a couple of line of credit, personal line of credits and a couple of consumer cards. Tell me the personal line of credits. Yeah, so I have a, like a, a personal line of credit that's at 16,000 at 9%. Okay. And most of my percentages are all at 10 and 9%. Yikes. Okay. For Interest rates. Okay. Not over that. My truck loan is at 3.9. So basically pulling all my personal debt is $78,000 right Now.


So you got 78,000 and it's between trucks, personal loans and what was the last thing? Just trucks and per, it's all trucks and line of credits. Okay. Just, I have three different line of credits. And can you tell me the amounts on the other line of credits? You've got the 16,000, tell me the others. Yep, sure. I got 16,000. I have one that's at 26 90. Okay. and I have one that's at $84 $84. Okay. Well we're paying that One off. I'm working hard. I'm paying those. That's right. Okay, Gotcha. Okay, so I get what I, I see your line of thought. Your line is like, let me simplify this, I'm gonna throw it all into one payment. Let's consolidate this. Exactly. But honestly I, by doing that, I figured I was saving myself roughly $750 a month.


Yeah. Which, yeah, you're filtering it through, you're filtering it through interest rates and you're filtering it through, like I said, kind of like a simplicity mindset of like, I'll put it all in one spot. But psychologically you're putting yourself in a tougher spot because what's gonna happen here is you're gonna throw it onto the mortgage and not only are you putting your home at risk, but now it's kind of like outta sight outta mind. It's not bothering me. And you've pulled it out of your equity. So there's a many, many ways I could coach you here. I'm not gonna go into the, the initial purpose of buying a house, but just really quick. Remember the reason that you bought a house is 'cause you wanted stability and it was a way for you to build wealth. If you roll this into your home, you're eliminating both of those things.


Okay. You're eliminating the stability that you had in your mortgage and you're eliminating the wealth and the equity that you'd built up in your mortgage. So just throwing that out there, let's talk about a way that we can do this, that psychologically will allow you to accomplish it faster. Okay. So tell us about your income. So income is roughly about 45,000 a year. My monthly expenses is 42,000, $58. About $4,258. Sorry. Okay. What do you do? What do you do for a living dorm? Living I do bookkeeping, Bookkeeping, Bookkeeping and tax person. Is it your own business or you work for someone? I do have my own corporation and my corporation pays me out in dividends.


Got You. So anything that my corporation has, I pay myself in whatever the profit is. Are You maxed out right now as far as clients and time? No, not, I am still expanding because I'm still relatively new. Covid actually was a good thing for me being that I was able to start this own business. 'cause I had two part-time jobs. Now I've gone to one full-time, which is this one. I am expanding yearly. In the last three years, my wage has gone like from 50 to like my business wise has gone from 50 to 70 to 85 last year. But that's not what you're paying yourself Teaching. But that's not what I'm paying myself. That's correct. Can you pay yourself more? Only pay myself or there's nothing there At the present time?


No. No. At this present time, no. Okay. That's why I'm still expanding my client. Okay. So, and Ken's gonna talk to you more about this, but the prob the glaring problem here is your income. Correct. That's why this is strangling you. And so there might be, Ken's gonna advise you on that, but it might be something that you pick up something else until you can get this income up. But for you, even a side hustle at this point is just a bandaid because until that income gets up to a point where it's not, you know, very, very difficult to handle this, it's gonna be a problem. Because at the end of the day, what we're doing is we're listing these out smallest to largest. But if there's no margin to make the, any payment beyond minimum payments, then we're treading water.


Right. So can Yeah. Give them some juice. Well juice with somebody with your experience, you need to be doing way more. I mean, I'm a numbers guy, So Yeah. But you need to be doing way more work. You, you, you need to be offering your services. You need to max out this, this, this working for yourself needs to feel like overtime. Yeah. 'cause is that 45 gross or is that what you're netting your pay? That's when I'm netting. Okay. 45 is what I'm netting. Okay. Okay. Still, Still you, you this, I mean, So basically I have, I'm, I'm basically, I'm paying myself about 5,000 a month and I've got about $4,200 in expenses. Yeah. Right. But are you paying your, okay, so are what are you paying? Are you paying yourself everything that comes in the door out of this business?


Yes. Yeah, that's what I thought. So we gotta max out. So Essentially, basically what it is, is I got 15% is going to the government, 25% is going, staying in my corporation to cover some of my house bills because I can run some of my business. No, we get it. Yeah, we know we get it. We get it. What I'm saying is the Rest of it is mine. Got It. I get it. But I I we're, we're on the same page. But you've gotta make more money and there needs to be some intensity, not just on walking the baby steps out. As Jade has told you, there needs to be some intensity for you right now to dig yourself out of this. And with your bookkeeping experience, all the number crunching, you need to be offering your services left, right north, south, all over the place. and I might even consider a part-time job.


You know, if it's not just a contracted new client, don't limit yourself to your traditional business model right now. You need to be working because you, my friend have over leveraged yourself and you gotta stop this stuff right now and you gotta have money to knock it out or else this is gonna take way longer than needs to. Yeah. Do you file, I mean, tax time is gonna be coming up. Do you file taxes, do you do returns and that sort of thing? Yes. Yes. And that's my prime time. Okay. That's your prime Time. So I do both on, I, I, yeah I do both. Like I have my regular monthly clients, but then I'm doing hours of overtime to get all my Contact clients. When is that? What time of year? So Our, our season is family day, which is mid February to the end of April. All right. So you already know that's your hot zone.


But I'm talking that's, you gotta create a hot zone right now. Right now this is all about income. This is all about income. You gotta get your income up. And then Jade, what does he do with all that extra income? Yeah. Don't fool yourself by consolidating this, we found that people who consolidate their debt feel like they've done something. And especially when you roll it into your house, you feel like the debt's actually gone and then you end up going deeper into debt again. So cautionary tale, I'm telling you because I know we take these calls day after day. I'm not making this up. Don't consolidate your debt, pay it off. Smallest to largest. Thanks for the call Jason. Appreciate it. Get after it my friend. That's your theme right now. This is The Ramsey Show.


My wife Sharon is a major health fanatic. So I was excited to tell her that we're partnering with Field of Greens, a fruit and vegetable super drink. Each fruit and vegetable in field of greens was doctor selected to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism for healthy weight. And we love the field of Greens comes with a better health money back promise. Get 15% off@fieldofgreens.com slash RAMSEY with a promo code RAMSEY. That's field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The. Ramsey Show America. Thrilled that you're here. We wanna help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. The phone number's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade. Warshaw is alongside yay. Yay. And in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage, we've got Jeff and Carrie. Hello guys. Hello. What's up? Where are you guys from? Salt Lake City, Utah. Salt Lake City, Utah. All right, so give us a story. You're here for a debt-free screen. How much debt would do we pay off? We paid off $353,000.


Ooh. Wow. And how long That took us just a little over nine years. Nine. Oh I sniffed something out right here. I know. Ask away. Does that include the house? Yes it does. It sure does. Okay. Woo. Woo. That's amazing. That is amazing. It puts you in a really rarefied class. Dave likes to call those people weird people. It's his line. I can't take it. Do you guys feel weird or you feel great? Our kids will tell us we're super weird. Nice. So yeah. Nice. Well by the way, all kids think their parents are weird. So that's a good sign that you're doing something right. Nine years. That's, that is a journey. I mean you're sniffing a decade right there. Yeah.


Yeah. Wow. It felt like it would never end at times. So take Us, take us back to nine years ago. What was the impetus for this journey? Go? Okay, so what happened was we got outta school And, we had purchased this house and between the two we just felt like we were kind of drowning in debt at that point. When we went through school, we took out a $54,000 loan by the end of it. Ooh, And. we, we took as much money as they would give us so that we could raise our family. 'cause we didn't want our family not being able to eat, not being able to have the things they need. And so we didn't know about Dave Ramsey at the time and so we just took everything we could and got mounted up quite a bit of debt.


Alright, So let me jump in here. And what do you guys do for a living? And I'd love to know the range of income here now that we got the start of this journey. So we're both software engineers. Okay. Wow. And then when we started, Yeah, we started, we were only, when we moved into the home, I was making 85,000 and Carrie wasn't working. She was home with the kids. Sure. And, and then now we're all the way up to 325,000. Whoa. Whoa. Mama. Gotta love that. I mean, those are great great jobs. Yeah. With, with a lot of opportunity. Wow. That is really interesting. So, okay. So much like everybody else in the culture. Yeah. It, they say, if you want it, we've got it.


We'll give you a loan for it. And you guys kind of fell into that trap like so many. What was the moment that you were like, enough of this, I'm tired of playing this game, I wanna opt out. Tell us about that moment and what caused it. What spurred it? Yeah. I, I just remember sitting at home and thinking we have this huge student loan And, we somehow need to pay this off before our kids start going to school. Yeah. So we kind of set that goal of how can we pay these loans off before our kids start going to school? 'cause they're gonna need debt too to finance their lives. And, and that's kind of the mindset we had is we just need to start paying off the debt so we can eventually finish at some point. How so stop the cycle. Right. How'd you discover this plan?


So really, I was just talking about this problem with my sister and she's like, Hey, have you ever heard this guy named Dave Ramsey? I was like, no, never heard Of him. And so she said, yeah, he wrote this book called The Total Amount of Money Makeover. You should go read it. And so I read it and immediately was like, yes, this, this is a plan. And just I think our, our kind of analytical brains started kicking in and, and you know, that's kind of how we think about it is step by step. And so it it totally made sense for us. It took care a little bit longer to get along. Yeah. He had to, he had to get me on board. I didn't, I didn't think we had a problem. 'cause you hear like, like credit cards are bad. Credit cards are bad, but you never hear like student loans are back. Sure. So I was like, we don't have credit card debt.


We never did that. Yeah. Like we just have this one student loan. But yeah. And you're right because that's a very interesting point, Jade, because a student loan is tied culturally Yes. To a very good thing. It's an investment right. Into your education. Yes. Yeah. That is interesting. Yeah. That's real. So you both do the same type of work, but like when you were computing, do we do this plan? It kinda it didn't hit you the same Carrie. Yeah, it didn't hit me the same. Well I was running the numbers of how long it would take us and he would make spreadsheets and charts and I. Like that's a long journey we're signing up For. It's Yeah, you're busy as it is. Yeah. And adding all this sacrifice in there.


Alright. So so once you got on board, how intense was it? I mean, how intense. 'cause we got the student loans and then eventually we decided to take care of the house. Yeah. Like once he got me on board, it was like And, we had the momentum from finishing the student loan. It was like, why stop there? You know? and I kept hearing, you know, Dave say like, get a bigger shovel. And so I went back to work full time and so that really helped. Yeah. If to me it was seeming like, how are we gonna get to the end of this? And And, we were only about maybe a year and a half, two years out at that point. But we were walking down the street one day and she looked at me and she said, you know what, if I went back to work full time And that thought had never crossed my mind.


And are you Serious as a, as a dude, are you shooting me straight? That did not cross your mind. Hey, w when we've got five kids, two girls going to dance, dance is not cheap. Oh No. and I get It and you're shuttling 'em around everywhere and competition. Like, I get it, were constantly being shuttled, but hey we, we realized that hey, it's worth it and it's gonna change our lives forever. Oh man. And, we need to do this. Did At what point in the journey did you go back to work in the nine years? So it was a year ago. Oh wow. Okay. How much did that juice the income by? How much? So it was, so I make 135. That's sweet. That's big. Yeah. That's a big deal. I'm giving you, I'm giving you mad love on, on this Jeff.


Because as a guy, I, maybe this is me, but like there's, I would, I know she was busy, Carrie. I know, but I'd still be going, man, she's got a great degree. I mean that, that income's real, Jake, That's real, that's well Because the way I look at that is is like we teach, we here Ramsey. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm going We could get $135,000 raise. I'm impressed with him. Yeah. That ain't, that ain't a little bit because I try, I promise you if she'd have said that to me on the walk, I'd have fallen over. So, so, and this might be a loaded question, but I I, I relate to the journey and so a lot of these were really hard years. Like you guys were cutting back a lot and of course it got juicy in the last year during the, what I'm gonna call beans and rice.


Rice and beans years. What was the hardest part? I mean, what were the sacrifices? Because you had to have been cutting it thin with five kids and one income. Yeah. I I I think some of the biggest ones are probably the cars. So, you know, at at work they've, they've got the parking spots that you can reserve, but it turns out you can only reserve them If. you have certain years models of cars. What? And so mine was the 2005 CRV and they said, sorry, your car doesn't qualify. That's Why This is car discrimination. That's like when you go to the valet. Like you go to a nice restaurant and you valet the car. But they only put the nice ones like in the front where you can See 'em. Right. Like put that one in the back. Yeah. My gosh. Over there. Oh my gosh. Put that one where the staff parks.


That's a trip. I've never heard that before. Oh my gosh. Alright, so real quick. Gotta ask you if you two were both going to, to tell people the key from your own perspective to actually winning in this journey. What's the key for you guys? I think it's, you know, don't give up. It's like, it's a long journey. You know, And, we live in like instant gratification. I want it now. I want it now, but just keep going. Like once, once we decided to do it, like we're doing it. Like you can't keep changing your mind. Like, is this really worth it? Yeah. Or not. You know, you have to be, you have to be committed. Yeah. Because it's a long journey. Love It. Alright, so we got the kiddos with us. Let's get them up on the stage and get 'em ready for the screen.


Tell us who we got. So we have Bradley, who's 16? Emma 15. Alyssa. 13. Christopher 11. And Dylan. Who is nine? All right. Is everybody, is everybody practiced? Are they ready? We think They're ready. Okay. Alright, let's get to this. We got Jeff and Carrie along with Bradley, Emma, Alyssa, Christopher and Dylan. All from Salt Lake City. They paid off Jade $353,000. Yeah. Yeah. Over nine years. And that includes folks, their house. Woo. Jeff and Carrie and fam take it away. Let's hear your debt-free scream. Okay. 1, 2, 3. We're Damn free.


Wow. Yeah. I mean that's a chorus. That was impressive. They were all all in sync. They were, I think the kids are excited about it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, 'cause we got some teens and preteens and usually those, those age groups, they're not excited about it anyway. No, no, no. They, they're, they could care less. But this is a big deal. What a great family. The whole house paid off almost a decade. That is, that is what this is all about. thank you all so much for sharing that with us. Alright, quick break. We're gonna go out and high five this awesome family and we'll be back with more of The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And What's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am The middle, how be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xandr.com


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is with me. And, we are here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Rick is up in Syracuse, New York. Rick, how can we help? Hey, how you doing today? I'm kind of in that struggle of being in college and not sure and not being sure what I should do next. I'm a professional athlete as well as playing professional or as well as playing collegiate sports. I play collegiate and professional lacrosse and I know that's not the money maker, but I'm just not sure if I should continue studying or if I should find another venture outside of school.


Yeah. How how long have you been in college? This is my second year. After this year I'll get my associate's degree. Yeah. It'll be in business administration with a heavy course load in accounting and communications. Okay. Well no matter what we come up with here in the next few minutes, my advice is, since you're almost there to the two year associates, just do it. I I'd go ahead and play this part out for sure. Okay. 'cause there's some value to that. So The question is, when anybody asks me this is is should I go to college or should I drop out? The answer is, is college the only way? In other words, the degree, the four year degree at this point, is it the only way to do what you wanna do or is it the best way to do what you want to do?


That's, that's my two part question. It's never gonna change. I'm never gonna change on that because to me it's all about practicality. It's time and money you're spending right now. And, and so The question is, and I think I know the answer. Do you have a clear idea or do you have a couple of ideas that are floating around in your head about what you would do outside of being a lacrosse player? Yeah, I have a couple ideas, but nothing really concrete I guess. All Right. Gimme the couple of ideas and we'll go idea one then idea two. So if I were to get my associates and then I would go to a four year next year, most likely on scholarship. That's the one thing because of being an athlete and having good grades, I have little to no debt and I will have little to no debt even if I pursue more school.


Okay. That's a good option. So, and then, so it would be by I think halfway through the, if I were to take a trimester on my junior year, at the end of that trimester I would be able to sit for the CPA exam to become an accountant. Okay. So ideal one and I thought about that for a while. You thought about that for a while. Okay. Yeah. And what's idea number two? Idea number two is some, some sort of business venture into the sports world. Whether it's coaching younger kids or connecting, you know, students to college coaches or professional coaches or something along that nature. Okay. And is there any other idea that floats around or pops up from time to time that we might call idea three?


It's okay if there isn't. Yeah. Okay. I can't think of one. All right, let's Stay with those two. Okay. I, I don't know about my, my, my good friend Jade, but Jade I see two very, very, very in of the spectrum on idea one and idea two. Idea one is accounting, which is very process driven work. Idea two, which was kind of a nebulous description, but it would be in the sports world, some type of bridge. But it's very people driven. So I see process work and I see people work on the ends of the spectrum. Do you see that part? I see it. It's very interesting. So Rick, my question is, is which one of those would you choose if you could only choose one today?


And on the end of that choice was absolute success and and terrific meaning which one would you choose if I said you can only have one of those Sports for sure. Yeah. I knew that being In the sports world, somehow I could hear it number one in his voice. But what I think has got you kind of stuck in why you called today is because that that sports direction that's all you gave us was kind of a direction. It's not the clearest path. And therein lies Rick, why it you're feeling stuck? Because the other one is, is super clear and definable. I go and I sit for my CPA exam and that allows me some pretty clear options going forward.


The other one, the way you described it, you just haven't figured out what a destination could be. and I think you've gotta come up with a couple of real tangible destinations. In other words, and I'm not gonna hang these on you, Rick and I don't want to, but one idea would be, do I become an agent? Another one is do I become a coach? Another one is do I step into some type of advisory role? You know, another one could be athletic director, athletic, and then the other one could be because of NIL. Do you combine, and this is an idea that I had Jade, so I'm gonna throw this to you Rick, do I combine that ability to crunch numbers? 'cause I think that's what's leading you down the CPA path. You're good with numbers. Is that true or false? Yeah, pretty good with numbers.


Yeah. Yeah. Pretty organized dude, aren't you? Yeah, pretty logical. Interesting. Yeah. And, and, and so I wonder if some type of role in NIL, because you're a college athlete, you have entree into a world that I do not have entree it, I would have to kick some doors down. Interesting. and I wonder about NIL and the money side of NIL and athletes and how these athletic departments 'cause Jade as you know, this is the wild, wild west thoughts Rick? Or questions for Jade and I? Yeah. Okay, so here's the, it's Processing Processing I guess I really haven't even explored 'cause I've just been kind of stuck in the That's right.


The midst of everything moving so quickly. Right. So Rick, here's my actual advice. Okay? and I want Jay to weigh in. My advice is exactly what you just said. I was pointing out to you that you have to explore and explore intentionally and intensely right now. Because I'm not at a place where I can say yay or nay on should you drop out of the next two years of school. We've what we've both told you, we think you ought to finish the associates 'cause you're there. But I, I am gonna say I'm not sure and I'd say hold on, deciding about finishing the four year program. Because I first want you to determine what are my options in the sports route. you have already told us that you would prefer to work in the area of sports.


Bingo. So now we're clear on that part. Now your homework assignment is to do the research. Yeah. And actually talk to real people, men and women who are holding down positions in the multiple different jobs or career paths within college sports or pro sports. Make sense? Yep. So here's what this looks like. 'cause I wanna simplify this. Make a list. Yeah. and I started a list. By the way, you may cross off everyone that I gave you, which is okay. But that's the exercise. Would I be interested in being an agent? Go do some homework, talk to somebody. Yep. Would I be interested in being an athletic director? Yeah. What do you think Jade? I think that's his homework assignment. And then we come up with two or three that we're actually going, I would be fulfilled and I think I've got the chops, the talent to do that.


Yeah. And so now I ask the question, do I need to finish the degree I, I'm 100% with Ken. I think when you're looking in an area that's a little bit more vague and it's not the career path that everybody's suggesting job after job after job, you kind of have to do your research. I think it is in many ways like excavating. Like you start in one layer and the more you dig in you find all these new opportunities that people just aren't talking about in day-to-day conversation. It doesn't mean that they're not there. I experienced that in music. It was like, well if you want to be a musician, everybody was telling me kind of like these top layer superficial jobs that felt way out of reach. But when you keep digging, you find there's a whole world of opportunity.


If you just dig in, you start making connections and before you just keep, my husband and I had this framework of thought, if there's a door handle, we turn it And, we find out what's behind the door and what the opportunity is. You learn more about it, you give it a try and then that leads to another door Opportunity real quick. Tell your story. That's how you get on cruises and make really good money and pay off half a million dollars. Okay? No one, you never saw that, did you? No one was talking about that when I was in school Rick. It was like, okay, if you're getting music, you're gonna be a teacher, you're gonna be a band director and maybe you'll become Britney Spears or Beyonce. And if that's not the case, good luck to you. Right? No one talked about that. There's a whole world you can work on cruise lines and you can work in theaters and you can be a talent agent and you can be a booker.


All these things. Nobody was talking about that. It wasn't until we dug deeper into Ken's point. You, you find people who are doing what you are wanna do and you interview them and you go to work with them and you do all those things and you see a whole, a whole Pandora's box you really of opportunity. You and Sam both Rick, both, both Jade and Sam have been individually and then to together they've been wildly successful in what would be a non-traditional entertainment gig. That's right. And and that the proof is in the pudding. So Rick, hang on the line. I'm gonna give you a copy of my number one bestselling book. It's called The Proximity Principle. And it's gonna make all this connecting things strategically to see what opportunities are out there. Really simple to follow. So that's my gift to you. So head up, don't sell your soul to the safe accounting job.


Not yet. I don't see It. Not ever. I don't see it. thank You. I agree. Good hour. Jade Warshaw. thank you America for listening. This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. America specifically winning in your money, winning in your work, and winning in your relationships. The phone number for us to coach you up is triple eight eight two five five two two five triple eight eight two five five two two five. The dynamo next to me is the one the only Jade Warshaw, I'm Ken Coleman. She'll take lead on the money calls and help you manage the money. and I wanna help you make more money. Yeah. So it's a good combo. Let's get right to it. We're gonna go to Denver, Colorado. Peter is there. Peter, how can we help today? Hi guys. Thanks for taking my call. You bet. So I'm calling in because my wife and I are in baby step two and trying to get out of debt.


And about a year and a half ago I got my wife a horse lease started because she loved being with horses and working with them. She was at time volunteering at a horse center for people with disabilities. So she got to basically just shovel poop and be around horses but didn't get to ride ever. and I saw how much joy that was bringing her. So I got her this horse lease. What's that mean? Can you explain that more to me? Yeah, I've never heard of that. Yeah, so basically we pay $350 a month and she can go out to this property and ride the horse whenever she wants her, myself and the kids actually.


So it's been a lot of fun. Oh. But I'm wondering if we're being irresponsible since we're in baby step two. Is it, can I ask more? I'm just gonna dig deeper on the horse lease real quick. So is it, there's several horses on the property and she can ride any horse? Or does she kind of get assigned a horse that's like, that's her horse? Tell me more about it. The, is it personal? Is it? Yeah, so we just have the one horse that we have access to. And how long is, how long have you been doing this? About a year and a half. Year And a half. Okay. And, and and the idea of her giving this up is met with what kind of reaction? Not great.


A lot of tears. And she feels like it just helps her a lot emotionally. Yeah. How And Wow, How long would you have to give it up? I mean, how long is you guys' journey? Are we talking? Well, so I don't, so we, we have like 21,000 in debt. I've got 3000 on the last credit card. 5,000 maybe it's over 21. So 5,000 on my truck and then I just got a personal loan for 15,000.


Okay. To cover last year's taxes. 'cause that was the first year we'd ever had to pay taxes. Okay. So you're at 23 now? Yeah. Okay. So is that it or is there more? That's it. Okay. And what's the income? Sorry, Ken? No, Go ahead. Make about 120,000. Oh, okay. So why this is gonna be gone in a year. You're gonna live on a hundred and you're gonna knock this out in one year or less? Yeah. Shooting for like nine months. Yeah, We'll see. Good for you. Can she work or does she work outside the home? So she homeschools our three boys and stays at home. That's not what I asked.


Can work. Yeah. So she does sometimes doing What? So I I'm a trim carpenter and so when we're done with houses, the general contractor that I work for, we'll hire her to go in and do the post-construction cleanup. And what kind of money does she make and and how long does it take her to make this money? It's very sporadic 'cause it's just when we finish houses. So it could be like three right in a row or like the next one we'll have is maybe two months away. How much time does she take when she cleans One to two? One day. Usually One day. And so she's able to do this with the kids?


Yeah, usually we just have my father-in-Law babysit. All right. I'm gathering information over here. I I mean, I'd simplify it, I'd simplify it like this. And some people might hate this answer. Technically if you're in baby step two Yeah. You cut out things like this. Yeah. Now you guys aren't, you're not burning like some people are in debt and you could be, if you choose not to go hard on this, but you're gonna be out of debt so quickly. What I'd say is if you wanna spend $350 and keep this horse lease up with this horse that you've probably established a relationship with, just earn the $350 a month. Earn it back. Go out and get a job. First of all, I'm shocked right now, but I love it.


You it because It's, I thought you were gonna go hard on this one, but I It's an amount of money that's, that is truly not gonna make or break them to that extent. Yes. But I'm with you. I wanna make sure the audience hears this. Yeah. I wanna make sure that Peter hears this. I love this idea. 'cause that's what I was gonna say. Go on it. Mama needs to go make the three 50. Yeah. Or there is no horse. Yeah, If, because She's gotta cover the horse. Yes. But I do have one question on that. What's that, Peter? Let's say it takes you nine months and all this is clear. Is that what you, is that the number you gave us? That's what we're shooting for. Yeah. What's the name of the horse, Jesse? Is Jesse gonna be available for at least nine months from now? It's certainly not guaranteed.


Is Jesse old? Well that doesn't make any difference. 'cause if Jesse dies, we can't lease him anyway. I Know, but I'm just saying maybe she wants to live out her Jesse's last nine months. I'm gonna throw a wrinkle into this. Peter and Jade, I'm gonna throw something out and let you two discuss it. Okay? You ready? Yeah, I'm ready. I like your idea, but I think the better idea is to go talk to Jesse's owner Okay. And tell Jesse's owner what the story is. Okay. And say nine months from now, we're going to be debt free. And this is super important to my wife. I need to know that we can jump back into the contract and lease Jesse nine months from now and I would take the three 50 and I would help mama get motivated to knock this debt out and say, we're gonna stop riding Jesse for nine months.


Okay. But she, okay. I'm just throwing a I'm throwing a hardcore alternative out there. Peter. Jade, discuss. So Peter, are you saying that if you were to cancel the lease, are you worried about Jesse not being available and that somebody else would take the lease spot? Is that what you're concerned about? Essentially? Yes. Yeah. She could just lease her out to somebody else, which Is why I have the conversation with Jesse's owner. Yeah, Well, but if I'm the owner, if I'm, if I'm Jesse's owner, I'm like, you want me to hold the horse, But how can she not lease him out to like 50 people? How many times can you ride Jesse in one month? I mean, that's, he's gotta be available. So we're, there's usually only one point. By the way, I should point out to people who just jumped into the call. Jesse is The horse.


Jesse is a horse. We're talking about riding a horse. Yes. Should have probably made that clear. Yes. Jesse, I'll refer to him as the horse from now on. Jesse the horse. So It's not to confuse everybody, alright, but how many times can you ride the horse in a month? She, the owner Can, she goes out like once a month. Right. So I mean, she goes Twice a week. Okay. Twice. Oh, that's a lot. Well, twice a week for $350. and I don't wanna get too deeply into your business, but I did wanna ask, 'cause you kind of alluded to it, does your wife struggle with like some, anything mentally? 'cause you said it helps her mental health. I don't think it's so much like a, a mental health problem so much as just like she, she's with the boys constantly. She homeschools.


Yeah, Totally good. And That's not like her No need to explain. Yes. Our children drive us crazy. Yes, we are. She needs a little time with nature. Come on. Okay. I, I, listen. I think Ken's idea can't hurt. It can't hurt you to go by and say, Hey, we've got a nine month window. We've been working with you guys for a, a year and a half. We love it. Can we need to temporarily suspend this and then we'll be back? You know, give him the date and time. If he says yeah, say yeah, but if not, yeah, tell mom and be like, Hey mom, if you wanna keep this going, you just gotta fund it. Because we decided that our priority is paying off the debt. And so we decided that that's the priority with our current income. and I want to stand by that, right? And if you want to do something more, go Clean some houses. Mama got stuff.


Fund It. Go clean some toilets. Well, it doesn't have to be toilets. I'm trying to, that's the last thing I'm gonna cl That's the last job I'm taking. I'm trying to make a point. She really wants to ride the horse. You gotta pay for it. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey you guys. When you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt, for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird if that means you're doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom Programs. Start as low as $98 a month. Find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budgets. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Hey guys, are you ready for the secret to help you reach those money goals that you've been dreaming about? It's simple. You gotta get on a budget. With our budgeting app, EveryDollar, you'll get intentional with your money and build the habits that will make those dreams a reality. And we'll be with you every step of the way. From your first budget to that retirement home on the beach. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Remember today, download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is with me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. Let's get back to the phones. Chris is there in Columbus, Ohio. Chris, how can we help today? Hi there. How you guys doing today? We're doing great. What's he, what's going on? Well, straight to the point. I got into some credit card debts. How much? I'm About 50,000. 50,000. Aye. Yay. What happened? Yeah, That's a lot. What, what took place? It It is. Well, so, alright, about 2021, I bought a house, went into it having a little bit of credit card debt when, what I didn't realize is when buying a house, there's stuff that needed help.


You know, I had, it's, you know, I went in like, you know, maybe $8,000 in credit card debt and had it sitting on a 0% balance transferred. You know, I wasn't that worried. And it was a great, I, I still think the house was a good investment. We got in sub 3% on the interest rate and value's gone up by like 25%. But, but the cost of ownership, the cost of owning the house, a lot of times that just fell to the credit cards. Yeah. Was that because, so the question I have is that because you didn't have any margin in your paycheck when it came to everything else. And so any kind of house repairs or all that was just a squeeze on you?


Or was it because you had a new house and you're all excited and you guys wanted to start doing some projects and you didn't have the cash for it, so you thought well, we'll just put it on the card. Was it that Some of both. What, what are we talking about? Little, little bit of both. I mean, so, you know, I got, I got young boys. They are, when we moved in here, they were eight and six. And man, that's really the perfect time to build a tree house in the backyard. So, You know, get there. That went, I went to the credit card. Okay. You know, we got, we got a half bath downstairs and I'm pretty handy. I could do a lot of stuff myself. And so, Well, what percentage of your, It's real easy to, What do you take home every month?


What's your take home pay between you and your wife? So I'm making about a hundred a year. And that's just because of a nude position that I've taken this year, last year. And when I bought the house, I was making about 85. And what's your take home pay? What do you see on your check every month? Let's see, I make 13 and change every week. Every week. 1300? Yes. Okay. And then what percent, how much is your mortgage? 2,400 with taxes. Okay, so 5,200 net, right? Yeah. Wow. So that, that's, that's a little bit, tell me again, I'm sorry, Ken said something.


Tell me again the, what your mortgage is every month. 2,400. 2,400. Okay. I think that's where some of the problem is. 'cause you're getting really close to that being half of your take home pay. Yeah, it very much is. And so I That's, that's where we get into this because I mean, think about it like this. and I don't think people take enough time to think about these ratios. We say, alright, your, your mortgage should be no more than 25% of your take home. So there's 25 there. If you're a giving person, you're probably doing around 10% there. And then when it comes time to do your investing, you're doing 15% there. That's 50% right there. So if you mess around and your mortgage creeps up 25 more points, you're at 75% of your income and you haven't even done anything yet.


So yeah, no wonder you would be going to credit cards, right? Because you haven't even bought groceries, you hadn't, you know, taken a vacation. You've done nothing. So I think that what's really, really squeezing you is the mortgage. That's probably thing one. And then if you're not on a really tight budget, then this money just disappears. Are you guys doing an EveryDollar budget? We're very good about budget. Okay. You know, kids, we're both emotional people. And so occasionally do have some impulse purchases that take us outside of that budget. You know, and you're aware of it. Card creeping up. We're getting a lot. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. So what it might be for you guys, couple The no spend months. Okay, so, but that's not sustainable.


So what it might be for you guys, it's, it's one of two things. The first thing is, if we know that we're on a tight budget And, we knowingly say we can't afford this, but we're gonna put on the credit card. We're gonna put on the credit Card, you know, we're gonna do that. So you've decided that. And so for that reason, then you need to say, okay, this is a habit we have and it's not working for us. Let's cut up the credit card. That way when that sneaky feeling of let's build a tree house sneaks up, you can't put it on a credit card because you ain't got a credit card, right? So let's take the cookies off the shelf so you're not tempted by 'em. And then you're forced to stick to your budget. And then what will happen is you'll go, man, I'm just, I don't, I'm not happy with something.


With our lifestyle. We want more money. And then your creative brain will kick in and you'll go, okay, what can we do to bring up our income? And you won't be dependent on these credit cards anymore. I Think you should cut your card up right now on the air. Hey Uhoh. Oh, we got I double dog. Dare you. Did you hear the chuckle? That was the respectful chuckle. It's an uncomfortable Laugh. Which credit card I'll take? Do all of 'em? 'em cut 'em right now. Yeah, I know. Yeah. I, you know what, I would, honestly, we've stopped using 'em. I used to be in the habit of, you know, we put everything on the credit card, And, we pay it off. But you know, just a couple of those times where it is leaked beyond where we were able to fully pay it off.


Chris, You're not ready. He's not ready. Chris, youre not ready buddy. He said I would, but You, you gotta get you, here's the problem. I don't think you've hit, I don't think you're ready. Yeah. I don't think you've hit that moment of What? Do 10 more grand. Should he charge 10 more grand? Let's get it to 60 grand. I mean, what's gonna make you miserable? Son's gonna have to make you so uncomfortable with these things that you're like no more. That's what we find Ken. That is what we find on the show. I Agree a hundred percent. You're not there. You're not there yet. You called us. What? So what is the reason for calling us? I feel pretty close. What's the reason for calling us? So my question is, dealing with the credit card debt. I, I feel like I've got three, well, maybe four. We just told you. So we gotta stop using them first.


You, Yes. And then we pay it down. Here. Here, roll this, roll this over in your mind. Chris, roll this over In your mind. You cannot solve a problem while simultaneously creating it. So as long as you have these credit cards, you're creating the problem. So you'll never solve it. It's infinite. It's the cat chasing its tail, dog chasing its tail. So you have to stop the crazy cycle. And the way you stop the crazy cycle is you say, I'm not gonna keep contributing to this problem. I'm not gonna keep adding to the pile. I'm gonna stop it. Turn off the faucet, then you can clean up the mess. Yes. Absolutely.


And so what Ken and I were, I think I'm at that point and that's kind of why I'm calling it. Then You gotta cut those bad boys up them up. Yeah. Put 'em through the little Dude. I'll cut 'em up right now. Yes. There we go. Because you guys got an impulse problem. Yeah. And you just said that that was your words. You got 'em right now. Absolutely. We got, we got about a minute and a half. You got 'em on you. Yeah. You got, you wanna check cards? Let's go in town. Yeah, Do it. Do it. And that boy, and you're gonna be in the fetal position later today. You're gonna maybe sob in the shower because you're gonna realize, oh my gosh, I this, this was a security blanket. All Right, so you got some scissors? Do we need, hold on. Do okay this? Tell everybody what's happening right now. Describe what's happening And.


we gotta make this exciting. Oh, should I use names? Okay. Which one have we got here? Hold It up. Tell us What it's called. Chase visa. Ooh, got it. Chase visa. Hold it near the phone so we can hear it. Okay, hold on. Chase. This is a chase visa. Let's see if you can hear that. Yeah, You catch it. We heard, we heard the cut. We heard it And. we heard, we heard the exhale. Are You sure you weren't giving yourself a haircut? That was sounded like barber Scissors. So we, we we gotta, we gotta go. We got about 45 seconds. What are you, what's next Options for getting up the credit card? Ooh, I don't wanna do something stupid.


But I mean with these they're charging 30%. Cut it. Stop talking and cut it. 4K, cut it. Oh, I'll cut another one. Come on man. What is it? We got it. Which one are you? Cut and tell us quick. Hold on. City guard, city Card. Go. Yes outta here. Tell us. We won't wait for the sound. Just tell us when it's cut. Oh yes, there it is. It's gone. It's gone. Do you see? That's great. How many more you got? Several. Wait till I get to the Amex in the drawer. We're Running outta time. Keep going. Keep going. Well you know what we are, we are a cash business And. we got a lot of people that need to hear these advertisements coming up.


So we gotta take care of business. You my friend. Need to keep cutting. Yeah, keep cutting. Do. Good job. Good job Chris. Love it. Did you hear that Every time he cut one he went, he went. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's painful. It's visceral. You feel it? That is so fantastic. Keep cutting Chris. Yes. Alright, we'll be right back. This is The Ramsey. Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Hey good folks. Dr. John Delony here. Don't you think life is too short to hate Mondays? Listen, you're worth loving the work you do and where you do it. So guess what? Ramsey? Solutions is hiring. If you're ready to join an amazing team that's all about changing lives and spreading hope. We wanna see your application right now. We're hiring for technology, sales, marketing, writing, copy, editing and creative roles. Check out all our job postings at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers.


The Ramsey Show continues. We're thrilled that you are with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman Jade. Warshaw is alongside it's time for a question of the day. Brought to you by Why Refi. Student loan debt is an epidemic and defaulting on debt makes you feel even worse. But our question of the day sponsor, Why. Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment you can afford with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else. So go to Why Refi dot com today slash Ramsey. It's actually Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available in all states.


Alright, Today's question comes from us from Bethany in Arkansas. She says, three years ago my husband changed jobs to work for a guy who does home renovations. Their verbal agreement was that my husband would work for a year, then become a partner in the business. The partnership offer never materialized, but my husband is no longer interested in that because their leadership styles are very different. He often complains because he does all the jobs while the owner goes on leisure trips. I have encouraged my husband to start his own business, but he feels guilty because his boss taught him how to do everything. How can I encourage him to leave his current employer so that he can make more money doing the same work, but for himself instead of for someone else?


Well, Bethany, I, I don't know that you're supposed to be encouraging him to leave as opposed to just being supportive and allowing him to come to that conclusion. And the way that you can do that is, is by asking questions, not making suggestions. I would have a sense here, Jade, that I, the excuse given I'm not gonna leave because I feel guilty 'cause my boss has taught me how to do everything. And while he's griping to her about the fact that he does everything while the other guy leaves, here's what I think. I think he's afraid. Yeah.


And which is why I am saying I'm trying to help Bethany out. I think he's afraid to go out on his own and while he's miserable, he's more afraid than he is miserable because we're more afraid of the unknown. So we'll, we'll we'll stick with the devil we know, if you will. Yeah. and I just, I've just coached so many people who are in this situation. So in her situation and I love her and what she's trying to do, it's like you can't push him 'cause he's afraid. It's like trying to get your kid, remember the first time that, that your kids jumped in the pool and you caught him. You can't force him. They just gotta be ready. As a parent, you gotta just encourage him by saying, I'm here. I got you. I promise I'll catch you. You can't make the kid jump. And in this case, asking him questions like what would it, what would it take?


What would make you feel comfortable to actually leave? I get that you're guilty, but, and asking questions like that. Having real conversations where he feels supported. Yeah. And he feels heard and and I. Guess my point, I'm making you and I coach people all the time. A good coach doesn't tell their client what to do. A good coach asks a lot of questions and lets that person come to the awareness of, oh, if I were to go do a couple side jobs and get 15 grand in the bank and line up a pipeline of work, I'd feel more comfortable leaving or whatever that is. That's my take. That's what do you think? What Do you think? I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and I'm gonna take a a hot take on this.


I like it. I kind of feel like if somebody's got a convince you to go into business for yourself, you're probably not cut out for it. Because I kind of feel like, like if they've gotta really prod you and push you. 'cause I think like that true spirit is kind of innate and it's like, oh, if I want something, I'm gonna go out and get it. I'm gonna go out and take it and somebody needs to convince me why I can't. I feel like it's gotta go the opposite way. I like that. And so there's, I don't disagree, but I, the only caveat to that would, I would say is that I think some people are cut out to do it, but they're scared to death. I do think that fear can play Just like a kid can ride a bike, the kid can swim, but they gotta get to a place where they jump or where they get on the bike. But the Spirit that you need to be successful long term.


Oh, I agree with what you're saying Is definitely an innate spirit that says I do things afraid and I. Don't let fear stop me. I agree with that. And so, and then there's other part of this, this is just the practicality side. Just because you're good at swinging a hammer and good at home renovations does not mean that you'll be good at running a business because you know Ken. Yep. There's all the backend stuff that has zero to do with the I agree. The skill on tap. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. There's a lot going on here. There's a lot Going on here. But I Do you agree though that he's not moving? 'cause he's just not Right. He's scared. Yeah. Fear is Whatever's going on. It's that Fear is the bigger thing and yeah. Yeah. Yep. Alright, Let's get to the phones. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Lindsay's up in wa. Excuse me. Yes. Washington DC Lindsay, how can we help?


Hi, it's so nice to talk to both of you. Good to talk to you. What is going on today. Well, I'm calling because I want to better understand how to move from baby step three to four when you have competing priorities and you're trying to build thinking funds to actually take care of those things, should they come up? All right, tell us more. Give us those priorities. And by the way, tell us who's competing. We need to know These are, it it, it's the inevitable. Right? So we have two 12-year-old car cars. Okay. Both of which we've been told we'll need new transmissions.


Oof. Yeah. We have two kids that will be entering braces. Okay. All of those fun things. How much will the braces cost? And? we have One, the first estimate we got was about 3000 for a year to start Work. And how old are they? How old are they? 11, 10 and 11. Okay. Okay, keep going. So two old cars, two sets of braces. So A a 30-year-old air conditioning unit. Oh man. It's always the ac. Okay. That's coming right next year. Okay. And these are all, you know, like 10, $15,000 problems.


The transmissions are that much. The recommended work is upwards of 11 on one car and 7,500 on the other. Well what Is the car worth that they want you to pay 11 K for? What's the worst? They're Not, they're not worth that much. Okay. So we'll talk About that one worth about Yeah, That seems high doesn't it? The gearheads in the booth in there. That feels high. I would at least get, I don't wanna spend a bunch of time on this, I don't wanna spend a bunch of time. No time. But I would say I'd get a couple more quotes on that. So let's, let's walk through this. So you've got three. Do you have the three to six months? What do you have saved?


36,000. You've got 36,000 saved. Now let's, let's talk about this a little bit more. Tell me your income and tell me what your margin is. Every, every month. So we take in about 12,000 a month. Okay. And often we have leftovers somewhere between two five hundred to 2000 depending What's wrong. Okay. Five to two, five to 2000 depending. Okay, so you're spending 10. Yeah. It takes 10,000 at least to run your budget. Well, 2200 of that is savings. Automatic. Okay. But you've already hit, when you say savings, do you mean investing? So 10 or do you mean savings?


So we, I take 2200 per month and I put it into our emergency fund. Okay. And, we kind of just, just reached what we would need for three months. Okay. So you have the two 22,000 that you're already used to saving plus another 2000 of margin. So about 4,000. Is that fair? Yeah. So 4K of margin that you could save if you needed to. So if I factor this through emergency fund thinking, which emergency fund for me is, it's totally expected, it's completely urgent and it's time sensitive. Those are the three factors You mean totally unexpected To Yeah, totally unexpected. I'm sorry. Totally unexpected. Totally necessary. And there's a time factor.


Those are the three things that filter for that I have to check the box of to say I'm pulling this outta my emergency fund. So let's talk about, do any of them actually fit that I have to go into the emergency fund, the two old cars. Is that unexpected? Is it completely necessary? And is it something that is completely time sensitive? You tell me. Well, it's all about timing I would think. No, I would rather prep for That. Okay. So that already tells me ready to either, this is something we can cash flow, we can cash flow one at a time. Do do what Ken said. Get some quotes. Cash flow at one at a time. Same thing with the braces. They will be fine if they wait a little bit longer.


So I don't think that that falls into emergency fund. The only one that might is the ac. That's the only one that gets the green light for me that it might be. But I think you saw this coming so I think there's a way to cash flow this and make it work. It's just gonna be long term. Yeah. Yeah. I got a lot to take care of. But four grand a month adds up. It sure does. And then you'll start your investing. Yeah. Alright. You got it. Good job, Jade. This is The Ramsey Show Folks.


Changing your family tree takes more than rice and beans and side hustles. It's also about transferring the big financial risks off your family by having the right kinds of coverage in place. That's why my team created the coverage checkup quiz. It only takes about five minutes to find out what types of insurance you need and don't need to protect your finances. Make this quiz one of your regular checkups starting right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. So excited that you are with us. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is in studio with me as well. Triple eight eight two five five two two five.


Hey, the get clear career says, what is it? It is a 18 to 20 minute self-awareness test. If I were going to define it and I designed it, okay, so I'm gonna define it. You do that and it's gonna help you figure out what you do best, what you enjoy doing most, and the results that motivate you. Those are three things that you need to know to figure out the work that you're wired to do. I remember Davis said for decades, your income is your greatest wealth building tool. and I believe that. And that's my role here on The. Ramsey Show is to help people find that work that they can do best so that they can get paid the most for themselves to, to live the life fund, the life that they want. So this has helped so many people and you can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash get clear Ramsey Solutions dot com slash get clear who needs it. That'd be the person who feels stuck, somebody who feels like they may wanna pivot. Somebody who's looking for some confidence, a student in college or high school. We have a student version ideal for high school students and college students. And, we have the adult version as well. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash get clear.


Love that. Alex, good job. Ken. Thank you. thank you. Alex is in Dallas, Texas. Alex, how can we help? Hey guys, I appreciate you taking my call. thank You. What's going on? First off, I was just looking for some advice. I just turned 23 and I hit a financial goal of mine in savings, but I still live with my family. I was wondering if what y'all would say, do I take the financial hit and move out? Yes. Like in favor of personal growth? Yes. Yes, Lord. Yeah. I mean the answer to that is always gonna be yes. Sometimes it's yes. And then we need to figure out when. Right. But what you've presented to us is that you've been saving up a bunch of money and you've hit a goal and feels like you're absolutely in a place financially where this is a good move.


But give us the picture. Okay, so my financial goal was a hundred thousand and I just hit That in savings. It's a no-brainer. Oh my God. Yeah. It's a behind the back pass. I just said it's a lay yes. I just said yes at a thousand dollars. Yeah. Tomorrow instantly. No, truly wait, Go by the way, can we just stop's crazy and say a hundred grand. And how long did it take you to save that? About five years of working. Wow. And How, how old are you now? 23. So you started at 18 and you have amassed a hundred thousand in savings? Yes sir. Yeah, bro. Wow. That's get out the nest. That's, that's Impressive Though. That's goat mentality. That's very, very good.


No debt, right? No other debt in addition to No, No debt at all. Most of it's in like a Roth IRA and then a 401k Roth, IRA. Oh, so this is retirement. This Isn't in savings. So in, in, in actual cash savings, I have a, a brokerage account with about 35,000. And then my checking account has about seven grand. Okay. That, that And the rest is in retirement? Yes. My gosh. Okay. Seven grand in the account. Okay. You were in great shape. So you're in great shape. You did it a little in a different kind of order. It's $100,000 nonetheless. But the truth is not as much of this as liquid as I thought. Which is fine. You can still get into an apartment. What was the goal?


Was the goal I'm gonna buy a house or I'm gonna just move out into an apartment? What was your goal? I don't think I can afford to buy a house at the moment, unfortunately, if way things are so, I mean, if it Was, if it was liquid you could, but since you locked in your retirement Yeah, you cannot. What do You do for a living and how much do you make? So I, I do marketing. I'm a associate marketing manager and I make 55,000 a year. Cool. So yeah, if I'm you, I would probably save up the equivalent of three to six months of expenses. That would be my last thing that I do under my parents' roof. And you should be able to do that lickety split. and I would keep it liquid, like put it in.


He's already got, he's got 30 5K in Cash. It's in, it's in a brokerage. Yeah. It's not an index funds. So some of it is, I think I probably have about half of it invested right now, but yeah. Oh, I thought you said 35. Sorry. Listen, if if it's invested, I, I I don't for, for my purposes, if it's invested, I don't care for you to pull. I mean, I think you're in a place like, hey, I can save this up right quick. That's true. You don't necessarily have to pull it out if you wanted to. If you're in a hurry, that's fine. It's not retirement money. But what I would do, you're staying there for Interest right Now. Yeah. You're, you're, you're obviously in an environment where you can stay with your parents and it's not caused a problem. But if I were you, I'd take, you know, a a a little bit longer. I'd save up three to six months, whatever's liquid, put that all together and then I'd move out.


Okay. Yeah. I, I get no Problem. So what's the timeline you tell us? Yeah, I mean I was thinking basically the most that I was thinking about extending it was a year because that's too long. I was okay, my car's pretty old. Nah, that's too long. And Yeah, you're too comfortable. That's the problem. I mean, I, I got mad respect for you. I mean, I really do. Of course you are very disciplined financially, but I think from a, from an emotional and a maturity situation at your age, you're little too comfy hanging out at mom and dad's and extending it another year. I start to get nervous about that Man. Yeah. I mean you've already got 7,000 liquid. I mean, what do you need another 10,000?


Yeah, my only concern's my car. Like it didn't start yesterday. Okay. But that, at that point, now we're just in big boy mode. Like you can't say I'm gonna make all of my financial worries go away at my parents' house. It was really just the intent was for you to kind of set yourself up. Alright. And give yourself a little foundation to take off and then you're off Into the world. Alright. I wanna, I wanna throw something out here. Jade may disagree with me on this because his money is in a brokerage account. So it's after tax money that he's put in. Yeah. I would pull some of that money out and get a car. Cash. Yeah. The brokerage account. Yes. 100%. You agree? Yeah. And now, and now he's got a reliable car and then I I'm just putting that into the front of your plan. Yeah, I would do that.


What's you said there's 35 in the brokerage account and then you've got the, the car that's acting up now. If you sold it now as is, what would you get for it Off? Nothing. Maybe a grand and a half. A grand. Okay. It's a piece of jar. So we're starting over from scratch and let's just Get a $10,000 car. Yeah. What do you think? Leave 25 in? You know what, what do you think? He's done such a good job. 15. We we're negotiating. We're negotiating over how much he's gonna spend on a car. I love this. Hot, hot take. Hot take. He's done such a good job. Oh, Don't say It that. Don't. If you, if you say, if you, if you are able to save up three months of expenses, I would say that if you wanna spend 30,000, you could, I wouldn't wanna buy a new car, I don't think.


No, I didn't say brand new. I said used. He has the money are, he's got a hundred Thousand saved. Who are you? Who are you and what have you done with my friend Jade? He's got, he's got three. I don't recognize this Person. The boxes. He's got three to he'll have three to six months of expenses saved. I'm with you. He'll be investing 15% totally with you. He'll be living out on his own. He's got $135,000 saved and he's 23 years old. Yeah. 30 grand. That's a slam dunk. No, you gotta read the room. This guy, he's uptight. He's uptight. And he is, you gotta read my need a $30,000 car. I 15. I'm saying he could. I know, but I thought that's what what you recommended. I'm going 15 max. Alex, I'm saying he could listen if you've done the work. I'm saying if you've done the work, you should Somebody hit me in the comments and let me know that I'm not losing it.


Anybody Who's watched you on this show for any amount of time is in a state of shock. No, They're not. Because they know that $30,000 because They know that I'm not frugal to a fault. They know that at the right time when you've saved the audience. 15, I'm talking to the studio audience at this point. He's 23 years old. He saved $142,000. The people are already speaking before you can even get your point Out. I've seen Mama in the back is like, oh no, you Said no, no. Their thumbs down in minute what? 15,000. What? Here's why. Let me explain my, my take. 15,000 gets him a very nice and reliable card. Of course it does. And it leaves a good chunk in the brokerage account.


And He doesn't, he doesn't need it in his brokerage account. He's 23. He's got a hundred thousand invested. He does need it in there. 'cause it's gonna continue to pile up. So is the a hundred thousand It's a He doesn't need it. He does not need a 30,000 Car. He's 23. If he was 42. All right. This would be a different conversation. I Can see this is going nowhere, but He makes $55,000 a year. I understand. Alex, what do you think? I think I would have a little bit harder time spending about 30 grand on a five. You don't have to, I'm just saying you could, right. Listen, I'm the fun parent. Y'all are tripping. 15 is more into my, yeah, back it up. By being frugal. I think I'm, I'm comfortable there. Trust me, Alex, I know You do what you're comfortable with. I, First of all, I love this version of Jade.


I'm not throwing shade at Jade. I'm just saying I'm shocked because I'd like to see him be more conservative. 'cause he already is. I think 15 makes him and that's why uncomfortable. That's why, that's why That's fine. He has proven to be a conservative responsible guy. He, I'm not worried about him. He, he's doing all the right things. You Gotta celebrate a little bit, Bob, blah. I'm gonna celebrate the fact that the studio audience is in favor of me. I'm never that right? So I want to just take your Moment. Soak it up, kid. It'll never happen again. Oh, it won't happen again. She is the incomparable Jade. Warshaw. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing, ba b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.