(0s):
Hey, you guys. Cyber Monday deals are here. So shop meaningful Christmas gifts that won't bust your budget right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.

(26s):
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Number one, bestselling author, Rachel Cruz, RAMSEY personality co-host of the Smart Money. Happy Hour is my co-host today. My daughter open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Carol is with us. Carol is in New York City. Hi Carol. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hello. Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. It's a real to talk to y'all. You too. What's up?

(1m 7s):
I have a husband who's retiring within the next 12 months, and we'd like to finish paying off the mortgage on the house. Good. And our Yes, but per your advice and our financial advisor is advising us not to because the mortgage is at under 3% and our investments are doing well above that. However, that doesn't matter to us. We want the plow ahead and get this done. And our next question to him is, how can we best divest of our investments and pull the money out, make the cash available to do this? And his next tier of advice is to pull from our bonds that are earning at tax free rates as opposed to pulling from our mutual funds that we'll have to pay capital gains tax on.

(1m 53s):
What do you suggest we do? You probably got no gain on your bonds. Their probably value is down, even though the, the coupon rates stayed the same. But as interest rates rise, bond values go down. And so my guess is that you bought them during a lower interest rate environment, so they're probably not even worth what you paid for them today. Is that right? I'm, I'm not sure that, that's a good question. I, Don, I don't think you're gonna have any gain to amount anything. So I, I like his advice on that basis. Okay. And and what is your total nest egg? 4 million. Okay.

(2m 33s):
And how much is the mortgage? 800,000. Okay, good. Good. And you guys are how old? 69 and 67. Cool. And how much have you got in these bonds? That I don't know. That's a good question. Is it a pro, is it about 800? Is it enough to do this or? I think so, yes. Okay. Yes. By the way, he was talking about it. I was that, not that specific with him. Okay. Is he the one that puts you guys in the ponds Carol to begin with? Or was that something that you had Yes, Yes. No, he, he's been, we've been with him for our entire working career. Oh, okay. Okay. Yes. I I, I agree with his advice on that.

(3m 15s):
I would use the bonds first to answer your question. Okay. Okay. This guy, you, you need to be aware of a couple things here with this guy. I'm not quite ready to fire him, but I'm close. Right. Okay. I hear you. Number one, because he, his job is not to take his glasses on the end of his nose and speak down to you little people who have $4 million and you shouldn't be paying off your mortgage. Listen to the wise financial advisor because bull crap.

(3m 57s):
His job is to say, okay, what are your goals and how can I help you accomplish them? Yes. So I don't like his approach to this. And it's very typical in the financial advising world, this level of arrogance. It's, it's just below the, it's not, it's, it's not overt arrogance, but it's a sub a subversive arrogance. But this advice is very prominent among financial Advisors. Standard is a standard. That's the second problem I've got with him is he'd used two, he did two very standard things in the financial world that I completely disagree with. One is he told you not to pay off your mortgage, and the second is he put you in bonds. Right. And so these bonds, you're, you know, you have a fourth of your money tied up in something that's substantially underperforming because of this guy.

(4m 40s):
Right. Gotcha. Okay. And that's these bonds. So I'm, and 'cause here's the thing again, the simple thing to remember about bonds is this, in the financial advising world, we have been taught, and everyone for some reason decided to agree with it rather than actually making their own decisions. But the people like me, that and him that are trained in this stuff, we've been taught that as you get older, we use what's called the asset allocation methodology or theory. And that as you get older, you should be in less and less and less risk. Yeah. And so that by the time of your age, you should largely be in bonds and money markets and have very little inequities.

(5m 23s):
Okay. The problem is that everybody just accepted this as if it's a fact. It's not a fact. It's a theory, it's an idea. And it And I disagree with it. I'm 64, I have zero in bonds and almost the same amount in money markets. I got a little bit in money markets just because I like some cash, but, but I'm not sitting in, I'm not, haven't moved everything away from equities, because as you get older, you should limit risk. 'cause that's horse crap. If I live to 94 and I'm 64 and I've been in a, an, an entrance, an instrument making 8% instead of instrument making 12 or 14, the amount of money I've lost during that 30 years is millions.

(6m 4s):
Yes. So it's bad advice. This asset allocation methodology, it's bad advice. Okay. And so he put you in these bonds. The second thing you need to know about bonds is that they, they are not legitimately safer than stocks or mutual funds. Okay. Right. Because when you track the volatility of bond values versus the volatility of bond of mutual fund stock values, they're very similar. It's not safer and let, it's really not. And, and the reason is the third thing, and then I'll let you go. Okay. Is, is this thing, I Love it, but I mean it's teaching for everybody out there.

(6m 45s):
That's good. It's good. It's everybody out there. So thank you. Bonds. The thing you can remember about bonds is there's a set interest rate on the bond. So when interest rates rise in order to achieve that same, that a higher, let's say you got a 4% rate and interest rates are seven, but, and so people are expecting seven, but your bond is only paying four. So the value of your bond goes down as interest rates rise, it goes up as interest rates fall bond prices are exactly inverse to the prevailing interest rate market. So in a, in a rise in a, a record low in the last 100 years, we had a a, a unprecedented 3% interest rate environment for a decade.

(7m 37s):
Right? Yes. And, and in the middle of the lowest interest rate environment in known history, this guy puts you in bonds. Yeah. And where's it gonna go from the lowest in interest rate environment in history up as interest rates go up, your bond values go down. And so I'm afraid you may have actually lost money on these bonds when you get into 'em, but I'm hoping you at least broke even. Yeah, that's what I'm hoping. So, interest rates, folks, it bond prices. The value of a bond goes down as interest rates rise. So you never would buy bonds in a, in a rising interest rate environment, you would buy them in a falling interest rate environment if you were gonna buy bonds at all.

(8m 23s):
And that's because of the yield on the bond has, has to approximate the prevailing rate and yet the coupon rate is fixed. Yeah. And I think one of the most important things we've learned with the financial advisor is exactly what you said at the top of this, is that, here are my goals. And if they're not respecting or hearing that they're gonna, they're gonna do the inverse of that. Right. Where, where Else should, so finding someone what other, where, where else have I gotta figure out that you're giving me bad numbers. That's right. That's right. You know? Yeah. So I, I'm, I'm not ready to fire this guy, but I really dislike bonds for him from him. and I dislike his mortgage advice. And it, And I dislike that he's kind of telling you what to do instead of asking you what you want to do. This is The, Ramsey Show.

(9m 5s):
I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I gonna, in The middle, how next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible.

(9m 31s):
And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza, to get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.

(10m 7s):
So I. Remember the year you were born, Rachel? I was standing in line at Kroger in, at the corner of Bell Road and Murfreesboro Road over there in Priest Lake where we used to live back in the day. Those of you in the Nashville market, we'll know that intersection. I think that Kroger's probably gone now. It was 30 plus years ago. So, and I'm standing in line And I am buying basic groceries, not with your mom and a baby or two in tow. And, and we weren't really spending like a ton of money and we weren't buying anything frivolous.

(10m 53s):
It was just meat and potatoes just to feed the family. Right. We were broke. And I remember as I'm back in those days, you would write a check, not use your debit card. And as I'm writing the check, wondering if by buying these groceries, if there's gonna be enough money left in the account to pay the electricity bill And I didn't know, but I bought the groceries anyway. Of course. And then just kind of on a hope and a prayer, get home and everything works out, And I can pay the light bill. Right. The reason I remember that specific experience is, I think it's the last time that ever happened, because I started doing right after that.

(11m 36s):
Sharon And I, your mom, And I started doing a written budget before the month begins. And we knew we had a certain amount of money to spend on groceries. And that by spending that money, we weren't worried About Everything else. About everything else. 'cause we knew it fit in the overall 'cause that that was a line item and the electricity was a line item. So we knew we didn't spend the electricity money on groceries or vice versa. Yep. We didn't worry 'cause it was all laid out. We had a plan. And the amount of peace that we got, having the month laid out, as long as we stayed within those guidelines, we knew it was the whole thing was gonna work. Instead of going from anxiety to anxiety to anxiety, every time you're paying a bill, there's a freak out.

(12m 19s):
A question always in the back of, is this okay? Am I okay? Is this, Is this Okay? Yeah. And even later on, when we started having some money buying something, a luxurious item, is this okay? And you've gotta go, well, is it okay? And, and does it fit in this written out plan where EveryDollar has been giving an assignment?

(12m 43s):
Folks, if you wanna have that change of experience in your life where you go from when I'm doing something as basic as grocery shopping and that being anxiety, an anxiety event, going from that to peace. The, the only step that does that is a written plan, a detailed plan, and that's called a budget. Before the month begins, you're giving EveryDollar an assignment. You and your spouse agree to it, and then you stick to it. And that way the electricity gets paid and the the groceries get bought and the kids can have shoes and no one died. Yeah. You know, you know, it's just like, yeah. It's a thing. Most people though, have that experience standing in the grocery line. Crap. I don't know when I finish this, if we're okay.

(13m 35s):
Oh yeah. Well, and there's a, a thought too that a lot of people have that think, okay, if I know and I plan out And I do a budget, And I see a number in a specific line item like groceries, then I can't just go and spend whatever I want. And that doesn't that, that I, I hear the opposite too of like, oh, that's just, that sounds so constricting. And like, oh, it's, that sounds so controlling. And I don't know if I want that. And then you start to realize there is an underlying level of anxiety, whether you address it or not. When you still have a question mark in your head of thinking, okay, as I'm taking stuff and putting it in my cart and I'm going to check out And I, see that total the feeling of, oh, I thought that was gonna be restrictive when I know, oh, this is how much I have to spend each week.

(14m 18s):
It actually becomes such freedom. Well, where you actually enjoy and have a level of peace with it. So, so on on both ends. Right. The level of anxiety of do we have enough? But then also people are saying, oh my God, I don't wanna live on a budget because that just means I can't have any fun. And that feels so restrictive. Well you don't realize on that end too, there's a level of anxiety because you don't Absolutely. You don't know what's going on. You're Creating anxiety with that immature Yes. Look on Life. That's right. That's right. It's immature to go, I can just spend like, I'm in Congress. Yep. And that's just a, that's a childish view. 'cause obviously we all know we can't do that. It's not I mean grownups know the money runs out somewhere. And, and so, you know, and, and you know, even like we had to go so far as we went to, we went hardcore more than we recommend today on the envelope system.

(15m 5s):
Like we had envelopes for everything, like envelope for groceries and envelope for restaurants. And your mother would not buy herself clothing. 'cause she's a classic southern bell martyr. And she's like, well, I, I'll just be Scarlet O'Hare, I'll make something outta the drapes and the kids can have new clothes. And it's like, no, that's not necessary. We have the money to everything. So what would happen is we would have clothing budget and she would spend it all on, the kids wouldn't buy herself anything. So I had to finally separate in the budget. In the early days, Sharon's clothes was a separate category and she was not allowed to spend that on anything. But Sharon's clothes Amazing.

(15m 47s):
What that did. Yes. To allow, to give her guilt-free spending. Yes. It is such permission that, okay, we're okay. We can do this. Not only permission, it was, it became like a, a command. You have to buy yourself something. I mean. It's not, you know, I mean really because it's, she's not, it just got weird too. It got weird. Right, right, right, right, right, right. So the the thing, you know, and so we, we had envelopes for everything. And the first time we had a babysitter at home with you and Denise and we're going out to dinner. One of the rare times we got to do that as we're starting our climb out of being broke. And we got halfway the stinking restaurant 10 minutes away and realized we did not have our restaurant envelope.

(16m 34s):
Now we had the car repair envelope and most people would just go on and use the car, repair money. And when you get back home, switch the money out. I probably Would've done that. Yeah. I would, I would do that today probably. But we were so intent, you're so strict on it. Intent on something has to change. We have to stick to something for the first time in our lives. We cannot keep doing the same stupid crap and expect to be anything but broke. We turned around, went back home and got the food envelope. That's impressive. I specifically remember doing that. It's impressive. Yeah. Blew the babysitter's mind because these people come back home 10 minutes after they left. Oh God. You know, so, but, or I guess the, her boyfriend probably ran out the back door.

(17m 16s):
I don't know, whatever. But, you know, the Right, but anyway, but I mean, we, so we got the, I'm kidding. I'm sure Angie wouldn't have done that. But you remember Angie. Yeah. But anyway, remember she was a great babysitter. But the, anyway, the, yeah. So this idea that I can, with my spouse, write down what we're going to do, And, I have guilt free permission to spend on a category because our plan is accomplished and it includes this spending item. Yes. Yep. That is so freaking powerful people.

(17m 58s):
It changes everything. And John Maxwell used to say, a budget is people telling their money what to do instead of wondering where it went.

(18m 5s):
So download the EveryDollar app and start budgeting. It's free. You can do that in the App store or Google Play. It's a very simple plan and it has all kinds of extra paycheck planning. You can plan out not only the month ahead of time, you can plan out each paycheck ahead of Time. Yeah. The premium version is so worth it. You all, because the trans, you connect it to your bank account so your transactions drop in so you drag and drop them. So, you know, some people still use the cash envelope system, but most people, this is like the 20 24, 20 25 way of doing version Of it. Yeah. Yeah. But you're, and you don't have to go back home, But you're sitting there and, and watching it and you're able to drag and drop these transactions to know per category what's left. And to your point, all the other features, the paycheck planning. 'cause some people, you know, if you are paycheck to paycheck cycle, it is so difficult to break that because you're using that paycheck to funds your life up to the 15th. And if too much is getting taken out at the beginning of the month, you're gonna be bouncing checks. More I mean, it just, it gets, it gets really complicated. So the paycheck planning helps even within that to get on a great cycle when it comes to your paychecks and to stay on top of it. It's so helpful. So helpful. Yeah. You got, you gotta start doing this. It changes everything. You'll breathe different. Your shoulders are dropped. The tension will leave Download, the EveryDollar app. It's free in the App store or Google Play and get yourself started.

(19m 29s):
Boys and Girls, this is The Ramsey Show.

(19m 35s):
You want to leave happy memories for your loved ones when you pass away. Not a mess. Your family will be grieving. So don't make them spend days trying to access your computer or sift through drawers full of junk. That's why you need a Knock Box Knock Box is a complete home organization system and estate planning tool that helps you organize all of your accounts, personal history, wills, estate planning documents, and all other info in one place. Inside each kit are 15 categories, covering everything from life insurance policies and funeral plans to your dog's vet and the code for your storage unit across town. And the best thing about your Knock Box is the checklist that tell you everything to add to each folder. So your loved ones won't have to guess where things are. So if you have a household, you need a Knock Box and you can get organized in time for the holidays by visiting Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. That's N OK box.com/ RAMSEY.

(20m 44s):
Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality is my co-host. If you didn't know, we have The Ramsey Network app. It is a free download and you can get the third segment, the third hour of this show every day. Only on The, Ramsey, Network app and many other things, including, you can email us and ask us questions. You can enter a subject and it will search among the calls on that subject and present them to you so you don't have to like filter through 22 days of stuff to find the answer You're looking for The Ramsey Network app. You can download it for free. There is no subscription upgrade. No salesman will call from The Ramsey Network app.

(21m 25s):
We get our question from Corey. Dave, you recently took a call where the person had 35 credit cards. How do the banks even allow someone to get that many cards? Actually a good question, Corey. Corey, that's sweet that you are naive enough to think that the banks even think that's sweet, that you would think common sense would enter into this transaction. That's so sweet, Cory. No, it doesn't. And you know, this is the same kind of mentality, Cory, that you've got that people say, well I I must be able to handle the payment or they wouldn't have given it to me. No, they'll give it to you The same.

(22m 6s):
Yeah. Whatever the payment is, they'll approve you for the loan way Beyond 18-year-old $200,000 in loans for, for college. Sure, sure. Right. Yeah. It's just, they just, Just Like that. They'll hand it to you. So Corey, the most aggressively, here's an interesting fact. This is, let's just take it even a step back further. We now, at this moment in 2024 in America, the United States live in the most marketed to two, sold to culture in the history of the world, in the history of the human race.

(22m 51s):
You'll receive more marketing impressions on your ears and eyes and brain in this coming calendar year than any set of humans ever has in history. That's pretty interesting when you think about it. And when you are sold that much stuff, people buy that much stuff. And among the most marketed to group of people in the history of the human race, the most aggressively marketed product in the most aggressively marketed time in history is debt.

(23m 34s):
Debt is a product. They sell it, they sell home equity loans, they sell student loans, they sell car loans, they sell private loans, they sell title loans. They sell any kind of lo home loans. Any kinda loan you can dream up, put the word, put a word in front of the word loan and it happens. Dog loans, cat loans. There are loans for everything. I was trying to buy a T-shirt for God's sakes and they offered me payments on it with Klarna the other day. And I'm like, it's a T-shirt. Why would you, you know, three easy payments of a dollar 26 I mean, come on.

(24m 18s):
You know, it's like what? On a $5 T-shirt? I'm kidding. I don't, I don't remember the that. No, but that probably wasn't the numbers. It's 10 easy Payments. It's, it's at the end of every transaction. You 20 easy payments of a dollar commission. No, I got it's whatever it's Yep. Yeah. And they're always easy payments. No one says hard payments, right? Yeah. And yet when you make them, they're always hard. They're not easy. So, and among the most aggressively marketed debt products, the most aggressively marketed debt product, debt being the most aggressively marketed product in the most aggressively marketed to group of people in the history of the human race is credit cards. Corey American Distress, visa master card.

(25m 5s):
They're your new master and discover bondage together. Spend those four names, spend more American Express. I said that one. Yeah. American distress. They together, they will spend a billion dollars on marketing. It's more than beer. It's more than Chevy Pickup trucks going through mud puddles. More than all your car advertising put together. More than any other category of advertising. What's in your wallet Says the failed actor. The actor who can't get a part Now what's in your wallet?

(25m 48s):
Or the great actress. 'cause they're paying billions or millions of dollars to her too. So Yeah. 'cause they have it. Gotta admit I'm a Jennifer fan. But yeah, there Was a, that's, I was thinking of Jennifer Gardner. Yeah. She's actually great. But Maverick, her dad would not be proud. I'm Just saying. I know. And I'm trying to look up 'cause it was sent to me by multiple people now I can't find it. So anyway, the credit card is the most aggressively marketed product out there. Yeah. And so in the midst of that, they are issuing credit cards en mass to people who can't pay them, don't need them, including dead people. Dogs. We used to collect bizarre credit card stories. I remember that And I had a guy send me one from Virginia.

(26m 31s):
He, as a joke, which was fraudulent and he shouldn't have done this, but as a joke, he applied for a credit card in the name of Buck Naked. Okay. They issued the card to Buck, buck, got him a card. Another guy sent me from New Orleans, a credit card. I'm an actual card. He sent me the card and a letter. It was issued to Fru, who was his poodle who had died. And that was unsolicited it. They picked it up off the a KC registration and meant to send it to the owner of the dog. Instead issued the card en mass to the dogs.

(27m 12s):
Literally, it's gone to the dogs. And so I mean thi this is the credit card world. So please God, don't think you're special. If somebody gave you a credit card, I mean, when I was in college, I thought, well, if they gimme a, if I can get an American Express, then by God I'm successful. And if I get a gold piece of plastic versus a silver piece of plastic, then I'm really someone because of the color of my plastic. And you get to pay more fees to get those cards too. The color of my plastic dictates the quality of my personal identity. Yep. So Corey, that's what you're dealing with. Yeah. Yeah. We could, we, we've had people with 200 credit cards. There are people that are that, that believe that credit cards are excellent and they have their own YouTube channel and all this stuff on how you can live off of the points and how you can be the card man or whatever Yeah.

(28m 5s):
And all this stuff, right? Yeah. So it's, it's, it's a thing because it's so prevalent that any moron can get more credit cards than they can pay. So that's, that's how Corey, because the, you know, you're making the sweet and naive assumption that the bank actually cares about you and would look at you and say, you can't afford this, so we're not going to do harm to you. No, they don't. Then none of that is true. They will do harm to you in a heartbeat if they get the Opportunity. And, and just to remember that they're, they're here to make money off of you and they know how to do it. Like that's their job. That's their job. And there was a recent clip, it went crazy, but the The one you were just trying to find Couldn't Yes. And I found it.

(28m 45s):
The president of, or whoever it was, of MasterCard and Visa. It was the two. They have 80% of the market share and they're in front of Congress because, Because of antitrust. Yeah. And well, and they can't, they won't lower fees for small businesses. Like they give deals to big corporations like Walmart and, and they have to verbalize and say what they're making their profit margin. It makes you sick. It makes you realize literally off the backs of Americans, this is what they're making. Like it is, they make I mean. We know. We, I know, we know that they make billions and billions and billions. But as you sit there and watch these two people, you're like, oh my God. And they're not even, you know, from any level of integrity trying to help small businesses, even though we're against credit cards, be like even that Right? I mean everything is about making money.

(29m 26s):
It's all they're in it for. And so they know how to do it really well and they market it to you and bring you into this cycle and this mindset of it that is very, it's Crazy. Yeah. So just remember, if you're issued a new credit card, you're no better than fu or a buck Moral of the story. Look up the Congress clip The dead poodle. Fascinating. Or the naked guy that doesn't exist. Okay. There you go. One of the two I mean you're no better than either. This is The Ramsey Show.

(29m 57s):
Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety, so I'm also a Burna guy. Burna is the Un Gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burna is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force. Because a burna pistol immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna Pistols, And I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burna right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other Burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Berna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to burna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave

(31m 23s):
Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author. My daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jake in Savannah, Georgia. Hi Jake, how are you? Good. How about yourself? Better than I deserve. What's up? I was just calling regarding how I can stay focused on getting outta debt and not incurring more. Okay. How much debt do you guys have or do you have? I have about 20,000 and my fiance has about 20,000. Okay. Why are you getting out of debt?

(32m 4s):
I just want a better life. And we have a kid on the way and I'm, I'm tired of living paycheck to paycheck. Okay. So the, the, the thing that we find is that the bigger and more pure, the reason for getting out of debt, the why, why I'm getting out of debt, the more intense and sacrificial and disciplined you will be. It sounds like you have a really good why. And if you came to truly believe deep down in your soul that the only way you're going to become wealthy and provide an incredible life experience for your brand new bride and baby is to get out of debt, then the discipline starts to become easy.

(32m 59s):
It's almost as if I said, if you don't pay off $20,000 in two years, your child won't, will not be alive. If you said that you would find 20,000 bucks. Now I'm not. Obviously that's crazy. That's not gonna happen. Right. But but I'm saying, you know, if you had to buy a, a thing to keep your child alive and you needed $20,000 to buy that thing and you only were allowed to pay cash, you'd find $20,000. Agreed. Yes, Sir. Because your why would be so huge. Your reason, discipline wouldn't even come. I'm having trouble being disciplined to save the life of my child. No, that would not be something that would come out of your mouth.

(33m 39s):
And so the more deeply you understand and believe that by getting this $40,000 paid off between the two of you and the two of you getting married and creating a double income and creating a, a situation where you dive in and stay out of debt and build wealth, the more you believe that that is the path for your family to have an incredible next 50 years, the more disciplined you'll be. But if you just kind of go well being out, that'd be kind of nice. And I think we'd probably be out to be better off, but it'd be kind of nice. Well, that's like a three On a scale of one to 10 And, I'm talking about a 10. You see the difference? Yeah, I do.

(34m 21s):
Do you feel that, Jake, where do you feel like you are on the scale? I I feel like I'm definitely on the high end of the scale. Probably a a seven or an eight. How about Your fiance? And. I would like to Be at a 10. Her situation's a little different. She doesn't see eye to eye with me on the getting outta debt thing. Okay. Have you guys talked about that? We have, and I've kind of tried to explain to her like, Hey, us getting outta debt means less payments. It means more money to take towards our kid and ourselves and our life together. And she, her side of the coin is, she's like, well, she has the mentality of, well, you can't have the nice car unless you have a payment and you can't have the nice house unless you have a payment.

(35m 5s):
You oughta see my house and my car. Yeah. It's just better than what she dreamed of. And no payments. Yeah. Yeah. And I tried to explain that to her. And I'm, I'm fighting to fix my own debt as much as I can. And we do basically everything together. Yeah. So, I, you're going have trouble, Jake. You're gonna have trouble being disciplined. Yeah. As long as the other side of your brain called your wife is tearing you down. So the two of you getting aligned on this is your all's biggest issue. You cannot singularly carry this household on your back to wealth while she simultaneously isn't in agreement.

(35m 51s):
You guys have gotta get on the same page. It, it's, it's a problem in your marriage going forward. It's one of the top, it's always in the top five lists. Sometimes the top three, sometimes it's number one, depending on which list you look at of reasons for fights and disagreement in marriage. It's a, it's a really big topic. So I would, and I And I would talk to her too about, you know, the why behind it for you. And even on a deeper emotional level too, Jake. Not just, oh yeah. So we don't have payments and we can build wealth. But there's a level of a value system at which you look at life that needs to be so aligned together to enjoy your marriage and your life together. Crystal's in Tampa. Hi Crystal, welcome to The. Ramsey. Show.

(36m 31s):
Hey Dave and Rachel, thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Okay, so I've been listening to you guys for about six weeks really diving in. I'm actually, I look forward to the, the show every day like at two o'clock. So thank you. I've been, I've been talking to my husband about all the things and kind of keeping him in the loop. I'm the main one that does the finances and it's been that way for years. But we're on baby step two and So I have, you know, our snowball list. We don't have like a lot of line items. It's just a big amount unfortunately in total. But obviously listening to y'all's advice, And I know it's gonna take some time and a lot of hard work.

(37m 13s):
But my main question is, I have not taken into account the $5,000 worth of medical bills that we have sadly racked up. And so with my list, my snowball list, how do I incorporate or incorporate the payments for the medical bills with like my loans and my credit card that we are currently working on? Or do I keep, How did you prioritize your snowball list? You listed it how Smallest to largest. So we're Small, the largest what we're knocking Out the small balance.

(37m 53s):
So We have or payment balance. Correct. Sorry, Balance. So you have balances on the medical bills, right? I do have balances on them, yes. Just redo your list and, Okay. So that's, that's what I was curious on. Should I just Yep. Because there's multiple lists of, or multiple different bills of medical. Should I just add them into that list so then Yep. It'd be one single list. Okay. Yeah. And okay. You know, and, and the prob the bad thing about the medical bills and the good thing about the medical bills, some of 'em are tiny. Like you got a $78 from diagnostic just 'cause you drove near a hospital. Yes. Right. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. We don't even know what the flip that is exactly. But they sent us a $78 bill for it.

(38m 34s):
And it's like you got all these little mosquitoes flying around. They're not even big bills. They're just bothersome. And so they are, that's the bad news. The good news is you're gonna plow through like one through number 10 really fast and you're gonna get this sense of, yeah. And, I. Have I just did something? Feels good? It does feel good. I I've paid off most of the little ones. It's of the medical, it's The bigger ones that, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Most of the little ones. So it's the bigger ones that What's Your smallest medical bill right now? Probably $190 right now. Yeah. Still small. That's my smallest one. Still Very small. Yeah, it's still small for sure. How much total crystal is your debt?

(39m 15s):
Snowball? I'm just curious what your journey is, how much you're paying off. So right now without the medical bills, because currently it's a separate list, I've got about 80,000. So 80, 85,000. Exactly. And your household income is what? So I think we make really good money. We bought 230 a year. Oh great. You're gonna be done in a year. I know. We've just made a lot of, what is it you say mistakes with zeros on the end. We've made a lot of Those. Yeah. You paid a lot of stupid tax. Yeah, but I mean if you live, if you live on a hundred grand, you're debt free in a year. Right? Yeah. That's the goal. That, That's pretty cool.

(39m 55s):
That's the goal. That's And my husband's is all on boards. Good, good. Well yeah, the more he's involved, the more helpful He is, I don't want him writing checks. 'cause you're the nerd, you're the good one to write the checks. But I do want him emotionally standing there, not just saying, honey, you're doing a good job. I want him saying, honey, we got this. He is, He is absolutely, yes. I agree. Alright, thank you. I appreciate it. That's good. You're, you're, I'm proud of you. Way to go, crystal. Oh, thank You. Thank you So much. Very Exciting. That's very well done. That's, she's gonna knock this out so fast. Yes. It's, it's, it's so fun when you have been going along and you don't know what to do and you suddenly discover fire And you do it and you're like, oh, this can be done in a year.

(40m 36s):
Look at that. That's fire. That's awesome that that'll I can cook stuff with that. Yeah, it's knowledge is powerful. It really, really is. Very cool. That puts us sour The, Ramsey, Show in the books.

(40m 52s):
Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters. Simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of delete me as your online bodyguard, helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more. And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you. And they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Delete Me has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family. And I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam techs, and fewer creepy robo calls. So this holiday season, share peace of mind by gifting a delete me subscription to someone you love or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month and you can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.

(42m 2s):
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Rachel Cruz. RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Sarah is in Boston. Hi Sarah, how are you? Good. It's so nice to talk to you Dave and Rachel. Well good to talk with you. How can we help? Yeah, my dream is to achieve financial freedom and continue to build wealth, but I feel like my spending habits are getting in the way of that.

(42m 49s):
A little bit of background, I'm 25, I'm making over 150,000 a year. Wow, Good for you. Yeah, I have no debt. I'm putting myself through school, but I find myself spending unnecessarily on things I don't need and I'm just wondering if I can get some advice on how to reign in my spending and, you know, start building wealth and achieve my financial freedom goal that I'm shooting for. What do you do and what are you studying? I am studying engineering. And, I am in an pretty much an entry level engineering position. and I love what I do. I'm able to work from home. And, I have a lot of great benefits, but you know, I feel like there's more that can be done.

(43m 30s):
Okay. So what are you wanting? Yeah, what, when you say there's more, because I mean you're putting yourself through school debt free. Correct. You have no other debt. So is it investing you're looking at? Is it just you're spending habits that you feel like you're making a lot but there's not a lot to show at the end of the month? What's, what's your biggest pain point? Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I have, I don't have boundaries when it comes to spending. Okay. I feel like I could be using my money for better things like investing for, for the long term, but I find myself spending a lot of time online shopping or going out And, I don't have a lot at the end of each month to, to put in my investment accounts like I'd like To. Okay. Are you on a specific budget, like a pretty detailed budget?

(44m 14s):
Not really. I just kind of spend As you want the account. Yeah. I mean honestly for you, Sarah, that's that in an investing goal, I are the two things that will I think completely change your life. I mean if you have a, if you have a budget 'cause you're doing well financially, right? You're not going deep into debt, you don't, you're not trying to, you know, pay off debt. You, you really are able to use the cash that is coming in from your income and you're going to be able to spend some I mean you're at this point that you will be able to enjoy some of it but you're not able to really enjoy it 'cause you're questioning every purchase. And so being able to put a line item and deciding a dollar amount ahead of time to say, okay, yeah, I can go shopping but I'm just gonna put this amount and that automatically is gonna give you a guardrail to enjoy it.

(44m 58s):
And still, you know, because you're at the point, again, I will reiterate, you don't have debt, you have a great income so you can enjoy part of it, but you wanna do it with some level of control and purpose. And then knowing on the other end that you do have an investment goal, And I would tell you 15% of your income should be going into retirement. And knowing you're doing that as well is gonna give you a lot of peace and freedom. But that, that monthly budget I think is gonna be a really great tool for you to help because I'm the same way. I'm a spender. I enjoy spending shopping all things and, and And, I do it now with such more peace knowing, okay, yeah, there's a specific dollar amount per month that I have the ability to spend and I'm gonna cut it off after that.

(45m 40s):
And so that, that takes a level of discipline, but it also allows you to enjoy life and enjoy your money so much more. Yeah. So as an engineer you're learning or have learned to project plan what Covey used to say, beginning with the end in mind and with your money, what's happening is you're getting to the end with no plan and it's not satisfying 'cause it didn't go where you wanted it to go. And so it'd be like building a bridge and making it up as you go. Well you don't do that. We lay out a plan. We, we do drawings. We, we run the math to make sure the structure will hold and then we build the bridge. We don't just kind of start moving dirt and hope it all works out.

(46m 23s):
And that's kind of what you're doing with your money. So let me ask you this. Let me see if I'm getting this picture correct. Okay. You're 25, you're single, you're in Boston and you work from home and you go to school, correct? Yes. School online. Yes. So your work is online and your school is online. And you said, I spend money shopping online. And, I go out, which would make you thank God a normal human being. 'cause otherwise you're trapped at home online and instead you actually go out for human connection.

(47m 4s):
Good. Okay. So you should allocate some money. They're in a screen for like 12 hours a day. Yeah, you should, you should allocate some money for what's called a social life. Yes. Because otherwise your brain is going to melt. Okay. That's good. Humans are, it's not good that man or woman be alone. We should be out seeing other humans. Okay. So, I want you to do that. Now the problem is you need a i I'm gonna recommend a non-internet hobby to be done on downtime and analog downtime. 'cause your downtime now is Instagram, Facebook, and Amazon Prime.

(47m 50s):
Yes. And there is a direct, there's research out there that says the more time you spend on social media, the more money you spend. 'cause social media is the world's worst Jones's next door. You see everyone else's highlight reel and they splash suggested products. Mix it into your Instagram feed, mix it into your Facebook page and, and whatever else you're consuming. TikTok is even worse. And So I, I, instead of when I've got 10 minutes, I'm gonna do doom scroll. Your spending's always gonna be there. If you do that, just unplug from take take, do a social media fast and say, I'm only gonna do social media 30 minutes a day between 5:00 PM and five 30.

(48m 38s):
That's all or five and five 15 would be okay with me. All right. That's all. And your spending will go down. And you cannot go on Amazon ever again unless it is to specifically purchase a certain thing that you thought of as a part of your budget. You cannot go on there and scroll because Amazon is the world's best marketer. They will sell you crap. You following me? Is this, does this sound right? Yeah, No, this definitely sounds right. Yeah. I I definitely need a hobby outside of the screens. Yeah.

(49m 18s):
You, you know, I I, because it's, it had to be with the way you're living your life because your life is in front of the screen and you go, okay, I got 10 minutes. I'm gonna take a little breath. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have some brain junk food and I'm gonna doom scroll for a minute just 'cause my brain's hurting from class. Right. That would be, that's what I would do. And I'm 64, I'm not susceptible to it like you 25 year olds. 'cause you grew up with this crap. I didn't, but I still, I have to watch myself. If I get bored, I end up buying something if I'm not careful. That sound familiar? Yeah, that's definitely me. Okay. And I am putting money away for retirement.

(49m 58s):
I'm just, just Wondering. But you start with, I want Putting on Amazon. Where should I put it? Yeah. Give EveryDollar an assignment before the month begins on your budget, on your EveryDollar budget. Put your EveryDollar budget down and, and you cannot go to Amazon unless it's to buy something you budgeted for And the other money to save. She asked, besides just retirement, you know, open up a, a high-yield savings and have a savings goal to say, yeah, I need a fully funded emergency fund of six months. And beyond that, have things you're saving up for to at least have the motivation to put that money away And do spend some money on social engagement. You need it. It's good for you. This is The, Ramsey Show.

(50m 39s):
Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.

(52m 8s):
It's cyber Monday week. And if you're looking for Christmas gifts that actually make a difference, we've got 'em. Get bestselling books like Breaking Free from Broke Baby Step Millionaires and More for just $12 or audio books for just eight bucks. Now's your chance to give something that'll help your friends and family build wealth, transform their relationships, and find work they love. Visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store today. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.

(52m 40s):
Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality is my co-host today.

(52m 44s):
The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Y refi. We trust y refi because they help people who have defaulted private student loans. If you have a defaulted private student loan, they'll refinance it with a low fixed interest rate, couldn't get anywhere else. Chris had a student loan and he cut his payment by over 40% with a y refi. Try it out Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.

(53m 19s):
Today's question comes from Lucy in Nebraska, my husband's daughter and son-in-Law wants us to get a mortgage on a house for them. Our house is paid for and we have no bills, but we're on a fixed income. They want to keep their house they have now and rent it out to pay the mortgage that they want us to get. He's a cop and she's a firefighter. We cannot afford a mortgage. But my husband is considering it and I'm not in agreement with this plan. What do I do man? Lucy? Yeah. I mean I would agree with you. I wouldn't be in agreement with this plan either. And with you and your husband. Yeah. I mean, I think continuing to sit down and understand and unpack why you are not in agreement.

(54m 3s):
And it's not pointing fingers at him saying, well, you, you, you, this is talking about you and what and your desires, your fears, which you are worried about in this. And just the simple math of, even though, yeah, you said you guys, your house is paid for and you have no bills, but you're on a fixed income I. Don't know if you're working towards retirement or what that looks like. But realistically, running these numbers out even for a decade. Right. The next 10 years. And what the reality is for your situation. Because I do think some parents, the the heartstrings get tugged so deeply that sometimes you lose the reality of your situation. And that's maybe what your husband's doing since it's his daughter.

(54m 44s):
But I would be looking at not just the emotional side, but also the numbers side with him a lot And keep That conversation going. Sometimes, Sometimes it helps to reframe the proposal and use words that explain what this actually is. Honey, your daughter and son-in-Law who have two good jobs want us to borrow money so they can have a rental property. That's exactly what It's, when you say it that way, it sounds dumber than crap. 'cause it is dumber than crap. That's why it sounds that way. Instead of like, oh, we're helping them get a home.

(55m 25s):
No you're not. They have a home, they want a rental property and they read this in some stupid thing on the internet to go to their retired parents to get a mortgage. Why can't they get a mortgage? They both have a job. Oh wait, they haven't been paying their bills on time and their credit is bad. Oh, hello. Yeah. This is, this just screams stupidity really loud. Like with a capital S-T-U-P-I-D. Say the cheer with me everyone give me an S, gimme a T. Seriously. Oh no, don't do this.

(56m 5s):
Absolutely. And here's what happens at our house. We start with trying to reason and talk things through. And when one of us just absolutely is not going to do it, the heat just gets turned up. And so our rule is that if we're both not on board, we can't do it. And you're not on board and you're not gonna get on board, please don't get on board. Please get through the fog of this. Yeah. And it's not empty. What do his kids need? They sell the house. Yeah. And they get their own mortgage. And not only is it not good for you guys, Lucy, but this is a disaster waiting for them. Like this could set them up to fail in a major way too.

(56m 47s):
So it's, it's on both ends. Not great. Even though he feels like he's helping, it's actually putting them in a pretty dire situation. Having to float a mortgage through a rental property. Not good, not smart. Yeah. You're buying them a rental property. No, absolutely not. Heard this on TikTok? Deb is in Oklahoma City. Hi Deb. How are you? Hi guys. So great to talk to you. You too. What's up? So my husband, And, I are on baby step seven. We have just over a million dollars in our net worth. And we have run into a scenario where we think that we have found our dream house and it would have us go back into, into debt for it.

(57m 39s):
We would take out a small mortgage to, basically we'd sell our house for roughly 450 and then turn around and have a mortgage again for about 250,000. You, you, you don't have the 250? No, not all liquid. What's liquid mean? All in retirement. Not liquid, not all. No I mean? Yeah. We have about half a million in retirement. We have 45 cash and we have a $15,000 emergency fund and then a little bit x other money in some investments. How much? I believe that's probably about 50 or 60.

(58m 22s):
Mm. And you don't own any other property? No. Mm. How much do you guys make a year, Deb? 200 before and not including his bonus. That is kind of fluctuates every year. So 200 is like, for sure. I mean. You, you can do that. It's not gonna bankrupt you. Yeah. There's no possible way you could get me to go back into debt after I finally got out. I, Yeah. That doesn't sound like a dream. That sounds like a nightmare to me. But I mean it's just a stupid house.

(59m 3s):
There's no way I'm going into debt for it. But I mean if you want to do that, you can do that, but Yeah. In a reasonable time, you know? 'cause a mortgage is the one type of debt we do talk about. Yeah, but You're Out. Yeah. But if it's a small amount, there's nothing and you liquidate the 50 from the retirement, the other 45, you know, that's half of it. And if you guys commit to say we're gonna pay it off in 24 months or whatever, you know what I mean? Like if there's a, If you can do that, it's just save up the money and buy something. That's what he thought you were gonna say. Well, I mean you never heard me call up and tell somebody in baby step seven to go back in debt. Yeah. No. I mean that's he, he no And I. Think probably we've, we deep down we know that, that we probably would have buyer's remorse.

(59m 49s):
Yeah. I, in a way I just threw up a little in my mouth and it's not even my house. My Gosh. It's not even my house. Oh, gross. It's just gross. No I mean if you wanna do it, honey, I'm not gonna be mad at you. We'll still be friends, but I, I, it it, no, we do not tell people to go into debt in baby Step seven. To buy So to buy a luxury upgrade. And if you want to do that, definitely. If you want to do that, you're not gonna go bankrupt. It's not a sin. You're not going to hell. We'll still be friends and you'll just be my friend with a mortgage and, you know, death, you know. Okay. Well we have known people that this is like, not for a car or anything, but we Don't, we don't tell people to do it for real estate and baby step seven.

(1h 0m 34s):
I just don't I mean. 'cause the goal is to get out so that you don't have to go back and, and volunt voluntarily going back to jail after I've been set free. I don't want to go. I'm, I I'm free I don. I don't, I like my freedom. I don't, I love my interest rate on my mortgage. Zero. You know, I, I, so Deb I mean I, I'm making, I'm poking fun. But the truth is the borrower is slave to the lender. The truth is, the fastest way to wealth is to avoid debt. Period. The truth is, there's more peace associated with that. That is the truth is, you guys have worked so hard to become debt free that you will have some buyers remorse. You will feel this regret, this taste on the back of your tongue.

(1h 1m 18s):
That when, when you go, oh man, I just feel like I, I feel like I did something wrong. 'cause you did. So I mean it's not, you know, that that's what it's gonna feel like. But is it bankruptable? No. Is it gonna keep you from building wealth completely? No. It's just slows down everything. And there's the emotional and psychological. That's the, I think that's the biggest. It fell, Honestly, it fell off the wagon. It's less about the math and Deb situation. It is. 'cause I'm like reasonably all the things. But it that's what we talk about is that personal finance. It is. It is more than just the math. You can, it is that element of like, ugh, we're going back in. You can Buy a house's just like that one in 36 months and pay cash for it. That's what I would do.

(1h 1m 57s):
This is The Ramsey. Show mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in mls consumer access.org. In equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.

(1h 2m 41s):
Hey, George Kamel here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home. It's exciting, but there's a lot to think about and all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours. Truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.

(1h 3m 17s):
Rachel Cruz RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jacqueline is in Minneapolis. Hi Jacqueline, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. Thank you. Hey, what's up So I? Just have a question on, I'm not familiar with the baby steps. First of all, we have mounting credit card debt and a mortgage and one loan on a car. And I do have some retirement para that could be cashed in, but that sounds like a terrible idea. And I just want help and guidance knowing what is the not easiest because I know this isn't gonna be easy, but the most efficient way to pay off this credit card debt.

(1h 4m 7s):
Yeah, that's a great question. Jacquelyn, how much, how much debt is it total Credit card? I would guess 55 to 65,000. Okay. Is that over multiple cards? Correct. How many would you say? Three cards. Three cards, okay. What other debt is there? The Car, how much is it? Car is 26,000 on my, my husband's mine is paid off. What's your household income? My husband retired last year. He, I would say 120. Currently it is 120 Cor.

(1h 4m 48s):
Correct. Okay, good, good. Okay. So what'd you spend the credit card money on do you think? My son has congenital chronic tumors and we had to pay for those and so we had to put the credit card debt on things for living expenses just because it got too much so that it's not like frivolous spending or anything, anything like that. But it was, you know, things we needed. How old is he? My husband or my son or my husband. Your Son? Eight Mm. How's he doing now?

(1h 5m 30s):
It ebbs and flows. He just, he has a lot of surgeries and the state I live in Blue Cross Blue Shield and the children's Hospital couldn't come to an agreement and or who got paid what And so my hu my son was in the hospital and we were on the hook for the bill while he was in the hospital. Oh my gosh. Have you gotten that straightened out? We're working with the Attorney general right now on it. Good. So you've escalated this. I'm, I'm proud of you. Thank you. I'm so sorry you guys have been through this. There's nothing scarier than dealing with a, a child with medical stuff, man.

(1h 6m 13s):
That's a big deal. Thank you. So basically you had 50 to $60,000 of medical bills with your son that you paid for and then used the credit cards to buy the things you would've used that money for. Correct. Okay. All and but the prognosis going forward on your son's situation is that hopefully insurance will be picking up whatever he has to deal with going forward, right? Correct. Correct. Okay. So we've stopped and when My husband, We've stopped the, the, the, the problem in terms of the, that's caused the credit cards.

(1h 6m 60s):
Yes. How old, How old's your husband, Jacqueline? Because you said He Is retired? My husband is, yes. He's, he's 56 and so when he retired I had to pick up the family health insurance. So I advised him to get a job with my company. 'cause if it's a dual spouse, if both spouses work for the company that I work for, the the insurance is free. And so that saved us about $1,400 a month. Oh wow. But obviously he doesn't, he was in law enforcement, so obviously he doesn't really wanna be working but such his life. So I'm happy that he was willing to go back to work.

(1h 7m 40s):
Well, if you're driving a $26,000 car you can't afford, it's kind of one of the things you have to do. Right? So. Exactly. Yeah. That's good. Alright, so the answer to your question is how do we efficiently get through this? And the reason we're asking all these questions is we're trying to figure out if you know where the spending came from so that it stopped. Because you're gonna have to reverse. You not only have to stop the trend, but you have to reverse it now. So in other words, now we gotta find 80,000 bucks to pay off a car and some credit cards and we make 120. Right? And so if I take 80,000 bucks And, I say I'm gonna do 40 a year out one 20, that means I gotta live on 80 minus taxes.

(1h 8m 23s):
Right? So you need to be paying off three to $4,000 a month in debt and you'll be debt free in two years. Now how do we do that? Well, you're going to sacrifice some other things. There's no going out to eat, there's no vacations and we're gonna take lifestyle to ashes. Nothing. You get nothing. You gotta be on beans and rice, rice and beans and both of you gotta work every hour. You can work and still take care of your baby and okay, get and get this knocked out as fast as possible. And that sounds like three to $4,000 a month towards this, which gets it done in two years And would trim six months out of it.

(1h 9m 6s):
Two Jacqueline is if you guys sold the car Yep. And you got a crappy car for a season. Okay. You know, now I, I have the opportunity to get a different job. I, I went back to school two years ago and I got a paralegal degree and I want to use that. And So I do have the opportunity in the next four months or so to more than double my income. Great. Wow. Yeah, so I mean that's excellent. You know, it comes with the sacrifices of, you know, family time and whatnot. So if I do get that job, it would make most sense to me to live on my current, on our current income and put the extra money, you know, the difference in the income Before.

(1h 9m 51s):
Oh, I would live below your current income. Okay? So live below the current income and then Put live, live on nothing. The faster you pay this off, okay? The, the faster it goes away, the faster you get your life back. And Jacqueline, do you wanna be a paralegal long term? Like do you wanna do this for the next 10? Yeah. Okay. You do. Okay. Just making sure. Yep. I wouldn't do it for a year just to make more money and then feel like you have to go back to your old job. Right? So, I wanted to make sure your, that career shift was what you wanted in the first place too. So a written game plan list, these debts smallest to largest. It sounds like there are four debts, three credit cards in one car. So what is the smallest debt? A credit card. Which one?

(1h 10m 33s):
That one. I believe it's $12,000. Okay. We're gonna pay minimum payments on everything else. And I want you to pay that off in three months. Okay? And that means no life Life. I'm okay with that. It's, it's For a short period of time is gonna Yeah. Yeah. And stress is gonna, you know, the stress is causing a whole different set of stress. So I'm willing to do whatever it takes to do this. and I know my husband is on board. Yeah. There's some side jobs that I can also do to pay this off. I just, Well, and you know, you know, here's the thing And, and are you guys funding retirement too, Jacqueline?

(1h 11m 16s):
'cause I would pause that. Yes. Yep. I would pause retirement temporarily. Yep. For two years. Okay. For two years till you get this clear or one year till you get it clear depending on how big the job is that you get's true. If you get that big job, you might be done really fast or both of both of you pick up some extra income. You might be done really fast. I don't care. Let's just, let's put it on a schedule where we get it done quickly and, and knock out the 12. Then twelve's gone. You don't have that payment anymore. You take that payment that's freed up and everything else, we can squeeze out the budget and we put it on the next one down and the next one down, the next one down. So you list your debts, smallest to largest minimum payments on everything but the little one. And you attack the little one with a vengeance. Okay? And listen, you, you are a great mom and dad.

(1h 12m 2s):
You've done a wonderful, you took care of your baby and now you're standing up like two grown up adults and saying, what have I gotta do to clean up the mess now that I've took care of my baby? I love you guys. You're amazing.

(1h 12m 16s):
We want you to go through Financial Peace University, our class And I wanna put you in the premium version of EveryDollar, our budgeting app. I'm gonna pay for all of it just to say I'm proud of you and I'm, I like having people like you and our audience that are good human beings that take care of their family and take responsibility even for messes that are beyond their control. Way to go. You're amazing. You got this. You can do it.

(1h 12m 44s):
It's cyber Monday week and if you're looking for Christmas gifts that actually make a difference, we've got 'em. Get bestselling books like Breaking Free from Broke Baby Step Millionaires and More for just $12 or audio books for just eight bucks. Now's your chance to give something that'll help your friends and family build wealth, transform their relationships, and find work they love. Visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store today. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.

(1h 13m 16s):
Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Erica is in Philadelphia. Hi Erica, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? I wanted to get advice on an upside down car that I'm in. I owe 20,864 on it. It's a 2020 Chevy Malibu. I've been trying to get rid of it for a while now, but they're saying the value is down and now is worth $7,000. And I. Guess I do have a little bit of damages on it, but they were saying like basically the car, it's just so many of the cars and they're being used as rentals that the value of it isn't that great.

(1h 13m 59s):
Pretty much. Wait a minute, what's a little bit of damage, Erica? Well it's just the, the back cover mirrors are off and there's like a couple scratches on it, but it's really nothing that bad like Okay and when you're saying they are telling us, telling me the the dealer is they the dealer? The, yeah, the dealership. Have you just Kelly Blue Book did it all? I did. It's price of now I think between like eight and nine. Man that dropped a lot. You must have had a negative, you must have been upside down another car. You rolled it into this one. No, I was, this is a new loan. I had a co-signer with great credit because my credit was trash at the time.

(1h 14m 41s):
How Long ago did you buy the car? What they gave me Was it a 22? 22? And what's your interest rate? 11.89. Okay. You may be looking at the wrong number. I think you've got a subprime loan 'cause they're screwing you on the interest. And I. Think the 21,000 is not the actual payoff. I think it's the total of your remaining payments. Well, yeah, no, so when I looked at the loan it said we, we got the card for 27,000 and some change. I can't remember the exact number but right now the payoff is $20,000 864. That's The payoff, not the total of remaining payments. Exactly. But I've made 13 thou almost $14,000 payments.

(1h 15m 23s):
So I had called them And. I was like, why, where's the money going and it's all going to interest? Pretty much. Well Yeah, it's 11%. It's $2,000 a year. Yeah. So I. I want a new car. I wanna know what to do. Like should I pay it off and keep it at this point and then just start a new, like be on a new lease and not get a new car. How many miles did you put on this car? It is 95,000 and 125 right now. It was 95 when you bought it? No, it was like 46. Oh you, but you've rented up to 125,000 miles. No, it's at 95,000 now. Oh. So it was like 50.

(1h 16m 2s):
There's something wrong with these numbers. Okay. Chevy Malibu has not dropped 70% in value during that. This what? During that period of time. Okay. So are you, look, when you pulled up Kelley Blue Book, did you look at trade in or private sale? Trade in I believe. Yeah, I think you did. Okay. So maybe you could sell the car private sale for let's call it 12,000. Okay. Okay. And then you would have to cover the difference. And so you'd still need $9,000 to do that. Do you have any money at all? I'm sure you don't. Not that. No.

(1h 16m 43s):
How much do you have? 2000 in savings and then a thousand in a checking. Okay. What do you make? 50,000 a year. Okay. All right. Yeah, you do need to get out of this. But the, you know, basically if you went to the credit union and you borrowed $9,000, $10,000 to get a thousand dollars car and cover the difference and sell the thing for 12 to an individual, that would get you out of it and, but you still have payments on $9,000 instead of $20,000. The thing I might do instead is I might just go make an extra 20,000 next year by and pay it off in one year by working all the time.

(1h 17m 31s):
Like a maniac, like six jobs and then get this off of you. She Goes, oh man. Yeah. Well I mean do you have any other Area? Listen, I, don, it depends on, you don't have to do that Erica, but you're trapped and the way you get out of a trap as it hurts. Yep. Yep. Do you have any other debt, Erica? Or is it just this School loans? How much are those Close to 200,000. I think it's 189,000. I know. Wait, what's the degree in Master's? Well, I'm in school now for my master's in marriage and family Therapy Therapy is the 180 include that master's. Is that the total once you get out or will there be more?

(1h 18m 14s):
It might be exactly at 2000 when I get out. I'm in my last year, 200,000. Okay. And what are you doing now for a job? I'm a case manager at a rehab. Okay. Okay. Yeah, Erica, it's gonna be a, it'll be a, It's gonna be a long road kid, Long road, but it'll be a long road. But can I just say though, the number one, we, we hear people with these numbers. Okay. And they get out. It takes, it does take years, but this is gonna be a total change of lifestyle for, for the next probably five years. Yeah. And you gotta quit just every time you wanna do something going freaking borrowing to do it.

(1h 18m 59s):
That's true. It's killing you. I mean you a quarter of a million dollars in debt. You gotta stop I mean you're like an alcoholic. You gotta stop. Well it's all this, it's all student loans. I mean in that case. No it's not. It's a 20, it's 11, 12% loan on a car. Yeah. And she impulsed and then scratched it after she went out to happy hour. Stop it. No. Stop, stop, stop, stop. Stop living like this. You're a case manager, you see people doing stuff, stop it. You've got to say no more debt. Next time I want a car. The answer is no. I don't need a car so bad.

(1h 19m 39s):
I got an 11.8% interest rate. What that tells me is I know enough about the car business. They not only screwed you on the loan, they screwed you on the car when they sold it to you. 'cause you paid premium for both. They saw you coming a mile away. They said, here comes Erica, we're going to take her. That's exactly what they saw you got had kid. Same thing they did when they told you $200,000 was a good deal to get a master's to be marriage and family therapy. That's a complete screw job too. You paid double what you should have paid for that degree. And you gotta, you gotta say no more. Borrowing my life is not better when I borrow to make my life better. It doesn't do it.

(1h 20m 19s):
You gotta stop that kiddo. So if I'm you, I'm gonna go get that degree, finish that thing up, pass your dad gun bars, get out there, get your dadgum income up to a hundred k. Live on nothing and raise your right hand and swear I am never borrowing again. 'cause it has not brought me blessings. And yes, you have to work all the time. Ugh. That's the way it is. That's how you get out. You gotta pay a price to clean up your dadgum mess. That's the way this works. No other way around it kiddo. You gotta do this, you gotta lean into it. This is what they teach you in the field you are studying. You can't keep doing the same thing over and over again. Expect a different result. That's the definition of insanity. That's counseling 1 0 1.

(1h 20m 59s):
Well, And I think you made a good point earlier that, and this is good for people to, especially young people that are entering into adulthood of buying new cars, may getting advanced degrees, getting jobs like this whole thing is don't take the one offer out there, the one car, and go and take exactly what they say. The one school you look at and get accepted to and you just take, right. There's a life of options out there. And, I don't think people do that, right? They, you know, they get into a situation and they just, okay, this is great. This is what they're offering and I'm just gonna sign my name and do it. And so thinking through this stuff, when your mind getting multiple options. Yeah. Yeah. When your mind tells you there's only one way to do it. Yeah. Your mind is lying to you and Erica, that could be your situation, right?

(1h 21m 40s):
You, you go and come into this car loan, you get accepted to a school and you know, you accept it. It's, it's just this one option path that a lot of people take that ends up usually not with a great deal. Like you were saying, getting screwed in the car, whole thing and the degree and you're not, you're not ROI things. You're not looking at other options and and have five or six different things in front of you to say what's the better deal. So guys All forward Thinking, All education is not good. Some education is overpriced crap just to go to school. Hey I you gotta go to school.

(1h 22m 20s):
No you don't. Being stupid when you're doing your education's a bad plan. I'm not saying Erica was completely, but she got taken. It's bad. I'm sad for her. What a horrible situation she's in. I'm angry for her. This is The Ramsey Show.

(1h 23m 6s):
Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad A bing bad a b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.