
Hey guys, it's James Charles, producer of The Ramsey Show. This week, Dave and the personalities are living it up on the RAMSEY Cruise. So we've put together a compilation of some of our favorite calls and segments from the last year. Regular shows are back next week. Hope you enjoy Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. I'm Dave Ramsey. The phone number S Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jeff's in Indianapolis. Hi Jeff. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Pleasure to talk with you. You too. What's up? My wife and I are in our early seventies. My son lives about a mile from us. He's in his early forties. He relocated back here to Indiana from California about 11 years ago from LA where he was working in the music business.


And he was gonna take over my insurance agency a few years, retired about nine years ago. So he did take that over. He got into tax problems when he was in California 'cause he was working for a music composer that actually treated him as an employee but paid him as an independent contractor. So he didn't know anything about paying taxes. Got behind with the state and the IRS end up owing them 30 or 40 grand. I think we helped him work, work out a structured repayment plan as a condition to him coming back and getting into insurance. And that's been paid through wage garnishments since then. I discussed with him before he came back, the need to stay on top of his taxes and finances 'cause he is never been good with money during that period of time.


Many times I'd ask him if he was on this and he'd just blow up and wouldn't talk to me about it. Three months ago he called us and told us that he was in tax debt to the IRS again and wanted his mom and I to bail him out. Basically using our share of his, of, of our estate when we die, we thought he'd probably owe about 50 or $60,000. Turns out he hasn't filed any state or federal tax returns for the past four years, nor has he paid any estimated taxes for 2023. We're meeting with our, our accountant next Thursday to go over all this to get specific numbers, but I'm guessing from what I've seen, it's gonna be over $200,000 and about half of that is just interest and penalties.


He also hasn't paid any 9 41 withholding or state unemployment tax. Geez. He has no business being self-employed obviously. So my question is, we have the assets to do that, but we would've to sell off property and mutual funds. We our in, I don't know if you need our income or what exactly, What's your net worth? Net worth's probably about 2.3 million. Okay. And about 80, about roughly. Half of that is in two pieces of real estate. Our residents here in Indiana and another home we own in Florida. I'm sorry, Jeff, 80% including the rent, including the real estate. The majority of our assets are in IRAs, Roths, and 4 0 3 Bs.


From what my, my wife taught, we've got about 140,000. What does, what does he make in money Market Fund does what, what's his income at the insurance company? Well, he just resigned from that position 'cause after he took it over, he ran it into the ground, couldn't make a go of it. Right now he is doing a sales job and it seems to be going pretty well, but he is only been doing it a couple of months. He's making about 75,000 a year plus bonuses. Is he, is he married? He's not married. He has an 8-year-old granddaughter that we absolutely love and spends a lot of time with us. He got, he, he was gonna get married, but they did it kind of reverse. They got pregnant first and then they, they didn't get along so they didn't get married.


So both of 'em are here in town and both of 'em are, have jobs and or own businesses and they, they get along fine. We all, we all get along fine. The insurance agency was yours and you sold it or gave it to him? It was, I actually worked for a captive company so they actually owned it and when I left they paid me a percentage of my renewals and that's what one of the cornerstones of my retirement now. I see. So I didn't have a say in where the policy, So you, so you had a book of business, but what did he come into? He he didn't take over your book, did he? He did pretty much. Oh, okay. Not all of it. 'cause they gave some, they split. It was a big agency so they split it up among other agents. They gave him about half of it.


Okay. Jeff and he ran your book into the ground. Okay. Ran into the ground. Okay. Jeff, does he have any other debt besides the tax debt that you know of? Do you know what that number looks like? I don't think he owes, he, he rents, he doesn't own a home. I don't think he owes anything else. He doesn't have credit card Debt. Isn the tax Debt. Isn the only one I'm that I'm aware of. I I hear your disgust for his behavior in your voice and also hear a Yeah, you sure do. I also hear a dad that loves his son, even though he is been stupid. You hear very well. So I guess there's two options. One is you bail him out, which doesn't sound real appealing.


If you don't bail him out, what happens? He just has to work with the IRS and for a lot of years and we're gonna Yeah. Actually Grow up. Gotta, yeah, we got, the thing is, Dave, this has happened so many times, I can't count him, But you've been there to bail him out every time. Yeah, and we, we had to take him outta high school 'cause of his behavior. We had to send him out to a, a survival camp in Idaho and then we put him in a private school in California and all that required a second mortgage on our house at the time. We bailed him out of a car loan that he didn't keep up with that I co-signed for. It's just been one thing after another. He just is is very, Very, I'm I'm okay with no being the answer.


Yeah, I it were me. I wouldn't do it. Here's, here's, here's what what I'm gonna, here's what I'm gonna suggest. He got a, he got a severance package from the insurance company that's gonna pay out about 30 grand over the next five years. About 6,000 a year. I told him that we would help him out if he would sign that over to me to pay back what we're gonna advance him. But I initially thought we could do the whole amount whole Way. I don't you should do any of that, Jeff. I really don't. That's the way I think that's the way I Think. I think that he's grown and I think that he makes a living. It's, he's not making, he's not poverty level. There's nothing wrong with him.


I think he just needs to be a man and do Things. I totally agree with, with You. You know, and I think you're a great dad. Thank you. There's one other, one other question to kind of take this out a little further. 'cause I don't think my son realizes how bad a a po position he's in, if he pays this over the next 20 or 30 years, he still may not have it paid off when we die. And that's All Right. We, We may Yeah, but we have, we have all of our, all of our assets and our, our our real estate is in trust and my daughter is the trustee and the executor and we current, we currently put a clause in our will that, that allowed my son to take our house here as part of his settlement of the estate.


'cause he loves our home. But I'm concerned that if he doesn't have this paid off, I don't even know that I wanna le leave that share of the estate to him because I think the IRS could put a lien on that. They can and after after he becomes the owner, they can. Yeah. Yeah. And I wanna make sure that, I mean, ultimately it was for him, but it's ultimately also to go to our granddaughter and I don't wanna eat up our share of that estate. I think you can. I, these are two separate questions. Do you help him today? Yeah, they are. Yeah. Do you help him today? Jade and I are both saying sadly, I probably wouldn't. I probably wouldn't. Yeah, that's the way I'm Thinking. And then do I change the de change the will in a few years?


I might. You can change it now. You can change it later. Can he put something in there that says if the debt's not paid off, the home goes elsewhere until the debt is paid off? Yeah, You could leave it trust for the granddaughter and bypass it. Bypass the, the kid that can't seem to find his way. Yeah. That's so sad. This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data booker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spams to find. That's Right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean, it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf, removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes out to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Graham is with us in Knoxville. Hey Graham, how are you? I'm doing well, Dave. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Me and my fiance are getting married next June and we've been bouncing around the idea of buying a home versus renting and I wanted to get your thoughts on, on that. Yeah, Okay. I would not buy until you're married for sure. Is that what you're talking about? Okay. Yeah. We're we, were thinking, you know, right around when we're getting married next June. Yeah. Do you guys have any, Will you have debt together?


We will have very little debt. She has a student loan for about $7,000. We've saved up a pretty good bit going into our marriage and plan on combining our finances and following, you know, a lot of your instruction on that. So you'd pay off the debt, you'd have an emergency fund, plus you'd have a down payment. Yes. Okay. Then according, according to the baby steps and what we teach you would be in a position to buy a home. Lemme lemme tell you an idea to think about. Okay. And it's not, it's not a hard and fast. I wouldn't, I wouldn't call you stupid if you didn't do it or something like that. But here's an idea to think about. I think because I'm old and I've seen a lot that one year after you're married, you will pick a different house than one month after you're married.


Because I think you will learn a lot about each other during that year. And I always joke and say it takes about a year of marriage to know how close to your mother-in-law to buy. But that's the kind, you know, you get to know each other. I would rather relationally you spend the first year of your marriage, all of your energy on your relationship, not on hanging curtains and picking wallpaper and for god's sake during a renovation. Okay. So I mean, I, I just, I love the idea of the house not being the purchase, the move not being an emotional relational drain.


Instead you all just get really comfortable with each other and pile up a big old stack of cash and the following spring by a house. That I like that. And it, it comes from the old, old Testament biblical story in Second Samuel that the young warriors in Israel in those days were not allowed to go to battle in the first year of marriage. They had to stay home and take care of the family. They were not allowed to go to battle until they'd been married at least a year. And so that, you know, it's a bit symbolic or metaphorical, if you will. And, and it's not something that you would be completely unwise and stupid and foolish and all that.


No, it's none of that. I just, I just think you're gonna make a different decision a year later. I Absolutely agree with that. And you've known each other. You get to know each other a little bit better by then. We've been dating, You're able to, we've been dating six years. Yeah. You've been living together. It's different. It's different. I mean, you're not been married together, you might've been living together. I don't know what you're doing, but Yeah. But it's different. Yeah. I, i it's, it's, it's a different deal, man. And and it's not, it's not that dramatic really. But it's ju it's subtle. Yeah. It's, and and the thing I also, that the thing that that makes you do is it makes you push back against the whole culture that's yelling at you. Buy a house. Buy a house. Buy a house. Oh. Renting is throwing your money away. Buy a house. Buy a house. Buy a house.


Yeah. Oh, renters are going to hell buy a house. Buy a house. You know, people are just go crazy. They're like a beagle chasing a rabbit, man. And it's just, you know, it's okay to have a little bit of patience. Home ownership is a great plan. Owning a home and getting it paid off is a great financial wealth building plan. But everybody doesn't have to buy a house right now. Just calm your butt down. You know, it's like, ugh. And the longer you wait, the more you'll have more money to put down on it. Yeah. So there's that. And who knows what the interest rates will do during that time. Might be fun. It might Oh, that's true. Or are you trying to make a call here? Dave, are you? No. Are you calling something? Nope. Okay. Just checking. I'm, I'm just saying it'd be, we'll be after an election at that point and we'll see what's happening.


So I didn't know if you were seeing your shadow or what. That happens around here a lot because Yeah, I've seen things. You get old things circle back around. If you keep the suit coat long enough, it comes back in style, you know, so. Yeah. All Right, here we go. JT is in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Hi jt. How are you Dave and Jade, how's it going? Better than we deserve. What's up? So I'm about to be at a point where I'm completely out of debt. I've been working on the last few years and it without to hit zero. Okay. Way to go. My question is, is it a, is it foolish to go back into debt?


Yes. To Start a business? Yes. You just called The Ramsey Show jt. I know. No, You walked into the bear cave. You did. That's the bear. If it was hungry, You already know the answer jt. He's straightforward advice. What's the business? My trade or work is a, I'm a 401k consultant. I do arisa compliance and I don't know, it's kind start my own firm and it's a lot to try to just bankroll. Why And why. What do you got? A bankroll. That's What I'm wondering. Well, I mean, I outta cash flow you day one.


Well, I mean everything from, you know, software agreements, all sorts of stuff. Wait a minute. For what? You don't even, you gotta have customers first. Well, I mean I've not so much worried about that part as getting everything started. Yeah, but you're going too fast. What are you getting started? What do you mean? I mean, you don't have any money honey. Well, I mean, not enough to get this thing going. Well, What do you think it takes to get this going? Why, why have you decided what you're describing to me? You need a computer and some sweat. Okay. And a customer. Yeah. Or six. Well that's the thing, you know, for what I'm doing, I'd be go, I'd be whale hunting in a canoe and I needed some stuff to be able to do such Things.


Okay. You are not ready to open a business and leave your job when you have absolutely no customers. Whale hunting in a canoe means that you don't have a clue where your customers are coming from. You're not ready to open a business and it has nothing to do with a loan. You need some customers on the hook. Well, the first thing I do, I would take my current job and ask that they 10 99 me and I would contract all the work that I'm doing right now and then go look for my own bigger client so I have an idea for cash flow. Okay, so now we're eating. Now why are we whale hunting in a canoe? Well, we gotta left big fish to eat big, right? Well I think you're, no, I mean rabbits are more plentiful.


Let's kill some of those. Neat. I think you're missing the beauty of the type of business that you're starting, which is this is a business you can start with little to no overhead And little to no cash. Yeah. It's, you need enough to eat on. But I don't want you floating in a canoe looking for a whale starving to death. Yeah. Because you didn't have any plan or any background. But if you got a plan for cash flow day one on the 10 99 side then and you think they'll do that? What's the probability of them doing that? I think so because I'd be taking on a lot of my, you know, I'd get my own insurance and stuff like that. Okay. You Know, this is so vague, Chris, and you have not pro performed this out. The business you're in demands that you do a better job of performing than you have done so far.


This is a vague gen, a group of vague generalities. And I'm gonna go borrow money. No, you don't need to borrow money. You need to organically cash flow this little service oriented business and you're gonna be just fine. And you need to put together a business plan and process that has the probability of you being able to eat and cover the cost of basic software services. But there's no big 500,000 or 50,000 or $20,000 outlay for you to come out of the ground being a consultant. Yeah, That's I think Dave, people think if you build it, they'll come. And I think it's the opposite. You've gotta go get them and then build it while, like you've gotta build it while they're coming. If you build it, they will come. And the movie world is called the Field of Dreams.


Yeah. And the business world is called a field of nightmares. So no. Yeah, you don't, you don't wanna do that. You need to have, you need to have the some, you know, I tell our guys all the time, Hey, elephant hunting is great, but they're a lot more rare than rabbits. You, you need really good on rabbits too. Okay, there's lots of rabbits. Go get the rabbits. And occasionally you stumble into an elephant, then that's extra. But let, let's go get the rabbit. Sounds like the this's a business model that churns cash here. Stack some cash. You're fine. Jt, do not borrow into the vagueness that you are describing us. You're really gonna make a mess. This is The Ramsey Show.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by why refi. If private student loan debt is taking away your peace of mind and you don't see any way out. You need why refi, why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and they give you a low fixed rate loan that's custom built for you. So go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Patty in Illinois. My husband and I purchased a very modest home for his parents due to the rising cost of rent in our area. My father-in-law is disabled. My mother-in-law works full-time at a very modest job and they pay us a small amount of rent each month. It's been five years now and the home has required a lot of repairs such as water, intrusion of mold. We've been able to cashflow the problems, but it has cost over 15,000. Not to mention our sanity. It has also changed our relationship because they frequently contact us for issues or requests in spite of many conversations about what is quote nice to have versus what is quote needed.


We're trying to honor our word, but it has been very taxing emotionally and financially. We are in baby step six and we need to plan for our own retirement. I keep telling myself to suck it up, but we are losing tons of money with no end in sight. I've listened to the show long enough to know we probably shouldn't have done this, but at the time it felt like the right thing to do. What would you do if you were in our shoes? Well, first off, I wish I had more information, Dave. I wanna know how old these parents are. I wanna know, I wanna know more. I wanna know the value of the house because I'm thinking if you bought a house in 2019, like the value's probably gone up a good deal. So they're, she, they might not be losing money in the way that she thinks. Now.


The actual idea of doing this, I think was a really bad idea. I think there was just a lack of foresight here. And I don't know what the promise was. Did they say, Hey, we're doing this house, you're gonna live here, you know, until you die and we're covering it. I don't know what the promise was, but I think that they may have, you know, brought, promised more than what they could deliver on. And I think that's probably what she's feeling some type of way about. So she's got a lot of drama in her words. She does. And it's her in-laws. I I I, the piece of information I would like is I'd like to talk to her husband and see if he feels the same way And if it was everybody's Idea, if, if it's bothering him to the same degree or if this is in-law drama that you are now molding or laying over on this house.


Yes. I think it's a little bit of both. She does use the word we a lot, which makes me think that there is some unity. You know? Oh, I, I Think you know that. I don't think it was a hidden thing, but I think he went into it and went, oh, bought mom and dad a house and dad's disabled Mom got a, you know, not, not much of a job and they pay us what they can pay us and we fix the stuff that breaks and Yeah. And she's going, oh God, I'm dying. Yeah. You know, it's like, so I don't, I, you know, $15,000 is not, we are losing tons of money over, over five years for Five years. No, it's nothing. If you own a house, you're gonna spend more than $15,000 over five years on a house And they're getting some rent, which is good.


And it's going up in value, Going up In value. Mom and dad are gonna pass someday and you're gonna have a nice asset Yeah. That's going up in value that you can sell And probably pay off your house and more if you haven't already. So I, I think I would, first thing I would wonder is get to the bottom and say, what is, where is all this resentment really coming from? Is it really coming from the house? I kind of don't think it is. I don't think so. I now there is part of it where they may have bitten off more than they realized they were gonna be chewing. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, in, in theory it sounded good. And then when you start walking it out, you're like, oh my goodness. But to your point, if she's writing into to our show, there's something that they're not talking about.


Yeah. If your mother-in-law is calling you and asking you to fix something at a house that you gave to her at a deal and you already had, you know, mother-in-law, Ida, then that would just make it worse. Right? I mean that's Yes. It's like, well, you know, the difference in what is needed and what's nice to have. Yeah. But you know, it's a modest home. They're modest people. She makes a modest income. There wasn't anything in your lavish. There's Also though, Dave, I, I didn't hear a jacuzzi being installed. I think to to, to quote myself. I think there's also a vocab rehab that needs to happen. Amen. Because here she's saying, my husband and I purchased a very modest home for his parents.


They don't own the home, they're renters. You guys bought a house for yourself. It's your asset, it's your home. And I think if you start viewing it as an asset that we have, it's gonna change your Thoughts. You know, I had a rental, I have a rental house and it had, it had a water leak and I had to fix 'em all. That's right. As opposed to it's Well, it's there. Yes. I've had to do that a bunch of times. Right. So That'll help. And I, I had zero drama about it. That's right. Because I just fixed it. It was Like, and it's going up in value Tree fell on the back porch just fixed it. It's just, you know, it's just, you own a house and crap happens. Right. I mean that's right. I mean it's like, it it, the other question that I don't I'm with you. I, I don't think we have enough information. 'cause it's very interesting question. It is. And I, I'm impugning a lot on you, Patty.


I apologize for that. But both are, I'm trying to figure out what's really happening here and therefore to what to do with this. Because also their age might play into it. If she's in Yeah. If they're, if they're 87, suck it up. If they're 57, Kick 'em out. You know, sell it and give them the money that it brings. Whatever it brings, give 'em the money from it because you didn't, you didn't buy it for money. You bought it to help them. And you know, if you wanna give 'em the whatever proceeds are, 'cause you're gonna made some money to your point from 2019. So Yeah, that's, that's, that's part of it. And Yeah. You know, and, and I think then I, I would want to just really ask, I don't know.


Well Walk that out. What would you, so let's say, let's say she's listening. She goes, yeah, you know what, they are in their fifties. They need to get outta this house. They've been paying us a small amount of rent. What would you suggest in that situation to fairly, I I mean, I don't care if you give 'em the money, really. I mean, you sell the house and whatever, whatever. I don't, I don't know if there's a mortgage here or not. Yeah. But pay off all the expenses and then whatever money you've made on the house, give it to 'em. I don't care. Oh, I'll tell you the other piece I don't know right here is, I don't know Patty's income. Yeah, that's right. You know, Patty makes $300,000 a year. Stop whining and deal with it. That's Another good Point. If Pat, if Patty makes $55,000 a year, then you were, you did something you couldn't afford to do here.


That's true. And that's where some of this drama is coming from is the pinch because it's like, oh, it's, we're, we're, but we're, it's been very taxing emotionally and financially. Yeah. Okay. I don't understand. It's 15 grand. It's not taxing emotion. I mean, it's not, but so that, that's, yeah. It's a lot of details. Maybe call in sometime Patty. Yeah, Yeah. We, we do that. So you can contact 'em back off the email if you want to. James, we take the call because I, I don't know what to do, but if, yeah, I think we could give a couple of scenarios if then Okay. Kind of a flow charted. Yeah. If they're super old and you make a lot of money, then this drama is in your head.


Calm down and suck it up. If they're super young and you don't make a lot of money, maybe you need to move them out and sell the house. I think those are the two variables that are, that could be there. I I don't hear a lot of mother-in-law drama, but I just think it's, I it does, it did. It was curious to me how much drama she had. Yeah. And I wondered if her husband would feel exactly the same way. I bet he doesn't Now. If they're only paying, you know, the mortgage is 2000 and she said they're paying a small amount of rent. So they're paying a thousand. The proceeds I'd split. Okay. I don't care. The thing is, I don't, they're you're not selling it because you need money.


That's True. She did not bring that up. She, You're right. She did not bring it up. She selling it to get rid of an un a emotionally and financially draining situation to quote her. That's true. But she just, she did say we're in baby step six and need to plan for our own retirement. So, so that made me think they might want some money. Could be. And it could just be that The drama, I'm tired of giving them anything and I'd rather put it in my account. In Law situations they get, they get salty really quick. Not going there. Yeah. Not, not gonna do that. Yeah, you're right to that You started the whole thing right when you said you shouldn't have done it. Foresight. You gotta, you have to play these things out in your mind years and years Yeah. To see where it will land and all of the different variations of the plan when You're trying to help your parents, you're trying to help your grown kids.


You do not enter into a process that does not bring them to sustainability on their own. And so you get them up where they're standing on their own feet and you let 'em go. So whatever you're doing, create a situation that gets them up on their own feet instead of a continuous drain. And so that's, so you, people paying your 28 year olds private schools for their kids, that's not sustainable. You shouldn't have entered into that. This is The Ramsey Show.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes. Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user, like, the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but Fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, You guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Sam's with us in Lansing, Michigan. Hey Sam, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, how are you guys today? Great. How can we help? So my wife informed me a couple weeks ago that she was 23, 20 $4,000 in credit card debt without me knowing over the course of the last year. And I was wondering what would be the best way to pay it off. We have a couple options. I got lucky, rather be lucky than good.


I won $36,000 at the casino, but that money I already about a month ago and I already had that money tied up in money market because I'm using that to, for the down payment on my next home. We could cash in her 401k, which has $25,000 in it and pay it off. Or do we just kind of suck it up and just make the payments and just pay it down month by month. Hmm. I just wonder what the best option would be to avoid the interest payments and everything like that. Yeah. You realize the interest payments aren't the real problem in your house. Right.


How Long have you been married? What was that sir? How long have you been married? We, we have been married for a year and a half now. Okay. And how long has she had this debt? A year. It started basically when my son was born a little bit over a year ago. And it was just online ordering, stuff like that. Three different credit cards going shopping kind of thing. And, and I never really noticed that we have separate finances and I never really noticed it. 'cause we don't have any debt, you know, other than our house. We don't, we don't own anything, So. So how's that working for you? Oh, it was working fantastic up until a couple weeks ago. Mm. Don't think it is, do you?


No, No. Not been work. It's not been working for some time like ever in your married life. It just was revealed, it was just revealed a couple weeks ago. Correct. Yeah. You all are not on the same page. Not at all. Also, she's spending as a coping mechanism. She, she's, yeah. There's something that she's trying to cope with and she's not doing it in a healthy way. And so she's looking to spending and so until, Is revenge spending 'cause you're gambling. I don't gamble that I, that was the second time I had been with the casino in five years. What'd you spend and did you budget for it or did you just go and do it on a whim?


We just did. We just did it. We just did it on a whim basically. Okay. And how, oh, well, All Right. So I think the thing that num number one, when we're meeting, when we're researching millionaires, one of the things we find typically among the, and we've done the largest study of millionaires ever done, Sam, is that the husband and wife are working together and there aren't secrets and there is not impulsive spending. And the number of millionaires in our study that became millionaires in a casino is precisely zero.


The number of millionaires in our study whose wife or husband hides their finances from them because they don't have good communication, is precisely zero. So those are the things that concern me more than the actual credit card debt. Do you see what I'm saying? Yes, I do. So if you guys wanna prosper and do extremely well, which is our goal to help you, 'cause we love you, we want you to win. It would entail combining your finances, only one checking account and a budget meeting every month that the two of you sit down together. Both of you have a vote. Some reason she doesn't think she's got a vote, she had to hide it from shame or guilt or something.


And we've gotta rebuild trust, which has been violated here. And the two of you together, she has a vote. You have a vote. We are in agreement about what our future goals are and where we're going from there. And so you don't agree with this, but I'm gonna tell you what I think. Okay. 'cause you called here. I think you both did something stupid. And the only good news is it cancels out. I think you got lucky. Instead of losing a pile of money, you came home with a pile of money. That's the worst thing that can happen at a casino. 'cause you're so dumb. Then you go back again thinking you're that guy. And so I'm cashing this money out, paying off these credit cards.


We're gonna combine our finances and we're gonna set a goal where we're very diligent, very steady, not flashy to save up a down payment for a home together. In meantime, whatever spending we're going to do that is reasonable spending. The two of us are gonna be in agreement every single month before the month begins. And not following through on that you or her is lying to your spouse. And so what she did here is not cute. It's not funny. And what you did here is not cute and it's not funny. It can be devastating if it's extended out and forward. Both of them can be.


And, and so I, you know, I, I'm fussing at you 'cause I love you and I want you to win. But if you were my kid and you're 30 years old, this is exactly how I would talk to you and what I would tell you as your friend. Not because I'm your dad, but because I love you and 'cause I want you to win. And so Sam, if you haven't had in our world, we call what she did, financial infidelity. Yeah. Because it activates the same place in you that sexual infidelity does. 'cause it's a violation of trust Yeah. To run up $24,000 and destroy or rather delay your dream of buying a home because of financial misbehavior.


Yeah. And a lie. Yeah. And to be honest, if I'm in their situation, I'm probably gonna seek out some counseling, Some marriage counseling. Yeah. 'cause they're, they're early on. And, and this is not, they're still forming that, that foundation. And this is not the sort of thing that you want in the foundation. You wanna get to the bottom of this, find out why you guys are keeping secrets. Find out why she's feeling necess, feeling it's necessary to medicate by spending. And, and possibly same for you Sam. I I, and I think if I were in your shoes and I was 24 and some guy said to me, what I just said to you, I would've a tendency to blow it off. Like, you're overreacting, Dave. You're overstating this. And what I'm saying is, is these two things, these three things not working together, hiding and lying about money and gambling are three things that will cause you to not become a millionaire.


So this is like a million dollar discussion. Yeah. That's why this is important. So I'm not overreacting because even though it's only 24,030 6,000, it's small in the, in the scope of life. What the, the behaviors are going to prohibit you or delay you at minimum. Yeah. From becoming wealthy to the tune of millions and millions of dollars. So this is a, this is a, I'm not overreacting because this is millions of dollars we're talking about. Absolutely. Over time. Yeah. Dave, you're being kind. 'cause this, this, this is a big deal to me. I mean, if Sam Warshaw, if I found out Sam Warshaw went behind my back and spent $25,000, there'd be a Adam bomb that went off, you would see the explosion.


I'm just saying There'd be a little, little little fire know There'd be birds, little birds chirping around his head. 'cause I would've knocked him out. So, but I'm just saying, but I I I kind of think it might been more likely you that would do that than him though. You know what? That's probably true. 'cause I am the spender. He is the he, He's Mr. Deliberate. Yeah, he is. Yeah. Which is even more reason if he did that, I would've gone off on him. But it's, it's what you said, these little things. It makes me think of that, that scripture that says little 11. Well, lemme the only time that we've even come close to that at our house, and we did come in the early days, we had lots of arguments about money and fights was when I was so overbearing. I know. You can't imagine that happening that Sharon didn't feel like she had a vote.


Yeah. And she will tell you, at about year seven of our marriage, she felt like she got her voice. Yeah. Is the way she says it. And she never lost it since, I'll just tell you. But her voice. But, but her voice. But I got my voice and, and and Yeah. But it was, she got her vote. Yeah. And, and, and from then on, she's kind of had two but to make up for the lost years. But that's the thing, if you don't feel like you're, you have a a, a voice in the thing or you can't make a lot, you can't, you can't get there in a discussion. Then one spouse tends to go off and hide stuff and do things. And that's not an indication. It's not a money problem. That's a relationship problem. That's right. That's right. It's a relationship problem.


And it was, it wasn't my house too, Sam, I'm just admitting I'm just like you, but I'm just old and it was a long time ago. Yeah. That's the only difference. Sam, don't be mad at us. We love you. That's why we're picking on you. But I would pick those things in my house because they're costing you over the rest, the scope of the rest of your life. Millions of dollars. Yep. If you don't fix them, this is The Ramsey Show, Dave. Here you can find all of our shows with the Ramsey Network app on your smartphone. It's the only place to listen to the entire back catalog of episodes. Download the Ramsey Network app in your favorite app store today.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright. You've heard me say this a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being well and I believe therapy can help. Right now BetterHelp is offering 90% off your first week of therapy now through March 31st. So if you've been on the fence, this is your chance to try therapy for a fraction of the cost. Because let's be honest, we all spend money on things we hope will make us feel better. Like new clothes, organic groceries, gym memberships. But when it comes to actually digging in and getting real with our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate, we pause. And I know actually going to therapy can seem like a huge first step, but please hear me. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. BetterHelp makes therapy more accessible than you think because it's online. So you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Your wellbeing is worth it. And this offer makes it easier than ever to start 90% off your first week of therapy. Now through March 31st, 2025. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Open phones Triple eight eight two five five two five. That's Triple eight. 8 2 5 5 2 5. Travis starts us off this hour in Toledo. Hi Travis. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. All Right. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I have a negative balance every month and I'm kind of trying to figure out how to, how to get positive.


Again, starting off kinda a little rough every single month after bills and everything. So your, your bank account is negative every month. Like you're overdrawn. Yeah, I'm, yep. I'm overdrawn. I actually almost on a weekly basis. Hmm. You know, I, it's funny that you talk about this. I literally just got off a webinar about this, this very thing and at the end of the day it's probably boiling down to budgeting issues. Do you have a budget? I've been working on trying to do one. I recently got the EveryDollar app premium because it was able to track my stuff better. But yeah, I'm, I'm struggling like weekly with groceries.


It's, it's just, yeah, with a family of five it's hard to keep it under a certain amount. Okay. So I want you to not try to do the budget. I want you to actually do it. I want you to go in there, put the numbers in there. That's step one. You And your wife. Yeah. Have you start, have you actually filled out a budget for the month? No. No I have not. I haven't been able to figure it out. Yeah. Okay. So that's step one. Matter of fact, I want you to go to EveryDollar dot com slash budgeting when this call is over and I want you to sign up for the next webinar because if the issue is I've got it, is it, you know, is it I am not, I don't have time to do it or I am not prioritizing the time to do it. I really want you to prioritize this ti the time.


Sit down with your wife tonight. Start looking at it. What's your take? Home pay Take home is about 3,600 a month. How much is your rent? The mortgage is five 60 a month. What's your Car payment? Car payment is a little high. It's 4 41 a month. Okay. And five kids. Three kids, wife that oh, five people is unable to work due to Yes. Five people. Three kids to what wife That is unable to work due to medical issues. What kind of medical issues? It's actually like a hereditary degenerative disease where it's actually just getting worse as time goes on too. So.


Okay. How old are your kiddos? I got triplets four and a half years old. Okay. Wow. Okay. So consumer Debt Isn kind of gotten me, you know how much Right now do have Not including the card. It's about 26,000. Okay. Here's the thing. We gotta start at the other end. Groceries don't catch the slack. Groceries are the thing. So we're gonna start with this 3,600 at the top of the page. You follow me? Yes. Minus the important things first, the most important thing in your entire budget is food.


You have the money to buy food. Yeah. You may not have the money to do some other stuff, but you have the money to buy food. Period. End of story. Okay. So 3,600 minus food. What are y'all spending on food? I try to keep it around 180 bucks a week. But I mean, it's usually 180 bucks to two 20. How Often do you eat out? How often do you eat out? Maybe once a week. But it's just me for lunch when I'm unable to pack, I am going to a trade school at night. It's either lunch or dinner. I go three nights a week. Okay. All Right. So that I, so if we take 800 bucks, 700 bucks for your budget for food Right.


For a month. For a month. That leaves us $2,900. So you can buy food food's first. You got me? Yes. I don't care if you pay anybody else until you feed your family. You follow me? Yes. All Right. Second thing is we pay five $50 for shelter. Done, right? Yep. And then we pay the light bill and the water bill. So we're warm, we're fed and we're dry. Okay. This is survival first. You following me? Yes. We may not keep this stupid car 'cause it's freaking out of control. If we can't come up with a way to get it paid off soon, it's got to go.


But for now we're gonna pay the car payment too. Yes. Food, shelter, clothing, transportation and utilities are basic necessities of life. We call those the four walls. You do the four walls before you do anything else. Everyone else, and lemme tell you who's at the bottom of the freaking list. Student loan. How big's the student loan? I don't have one thankfully. Good. You know who's right at the bottom next to them. Stupid credit card companies. 'cause you know what they can do if you don't pay them nothing except destroy your credit and sue you eventually eight years from now. But we're gonna take care of 'em before we get there. Okay? Yeah. They're at the bottom of the page. So lemme just tell you your emotional state and your sense of control over your destiny changes when your family is fed.


The lights and water are paid and the mortgage is paid and you, you are in a different place emotionally and spiritually. The rest of it's just a stupid game I'm behind on. Okay? But right now it feels like life or death. 'cause you've got groceries as the last thing, not the first thing. Yes. By the time I pay groceries, I'm overdraft. No, by the time you pay MasterCard. Oh wait, we're not gonna go into overdraft so we're not paying MasterCard. Screw 'em. Okay. For this month. And then we've gotta adjust our income. Now you gotta get your income up, dude. What are you gonna do to get your income up? It, it, it goes up progressively every, every six months. As long as I keep up my, my apprenticeship and everything.


So, Well, you, you got, you got six months of hell then ahead of you, what are we gonna do in the short term to get it up? You're Gonna straight school three nights a week. What are we doing on those other nights? Because you're about to do some more work Dude, your family's gonna drink Homework and doing whatever I can. Yeah. Around the house, housework and everything. Yeah, You're gonna probably not be doing as much of that. The laundry may pile up a little bit 'cause you gotta go make some money. 'cause 3,600 bucks is tough. So the way you, the way you get this straight side up is you first take care of necessities and then two, you get over the top of it and we're gonna cut expenses and add income and that creates margin and that will get you under control, Travis.


So you, you do have a very tight, tight, tough situation. So something's gotta go outta the expense lines and something's gotta come up quickly in the income side. Okay. Because you know, you know it's not easy. You got a really nice low house payment. It's the best thing in this whole story right now. So you got, you got a fixable situation, but the faster you get the income up and the out go down, the faster the pain's gonna leave. Okay. Does that make sense to you? Yeah, absolutely. I was just nervous about missing credit card payments and stuff. I want to give you permission to feed your children before you pay MasterCard. Yeah, I understand. Okay.


When you get that straight in your head, all of a sudden it changes everything. Because if everybody's fed and the lights are done and the water's paid and, and the house payment's paid, I mean, we live to fight another day. But if we pay MasterCard and then we don't have enough money to feed the triplets, dad gone. That's not fun. Been there, done that. That terrorizes your butt, doesn't it? Yes it does. I've been there, done that. EveryDollar dot com slash budgeting signup for one of Jade's webinars. She'll walk you through what we just did. This is The Ramsey Show.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up, never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus, when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American Dream of home ownership today@churchhomemortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


I talk to people every day who wanna know how to do better in two areas, money and relationships. That's why I am pumped to bring the Money and Relationships tour to a city near you. Join me and Dr. John Delony for a night that will challenge the way you think about this stuff and possibly change how you live forever. Starting April 21st will be in Louisville, then on to Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour before they're gone.


Jade, Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. Jared is with us in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. Hi Jared. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi guys. Hey, I have a question regarding cost of living raises compared to inflation. I personally enjoy giving my customers the cheapest service available yet to keep up with inflation, we have to give raises.


How do those two things mesh together? And is there anything we can do to battle the inflation as a business owner Owner? No, not, you know, your job is not the macro economy. Your job is to run your business, and that means take care of your family and the families that you pay. That's your job. The macro economy discussion is that when things go up, when, when the cost of a loaf of bread, the cost of a service, the cost of a, a pack of hot dogs, whatever it is, you wanna call it a, a gallon of gas.


When, when the cost of that goes up, one of the reasons the cost of the item has gone up to the consumer when you raise your prices in business is because their cost of goods has gone up. If their cost of goods, you know, for instance, if I make a, if we print a book a, a total money makeover, a baby steps millionaire's book, well, the cost of paper has gone up 30% in the last 24 months. All Right? And so that's gonna be built into my pricing on the next book that we put out. Agreed. If the agreed, if the cost of that book includes a, a dock worker to do the shipping and a truck driver to deliver it, and both of those people get paid more by me to bring me that book, then now the cost of that book has gone up.


Again. The paper cost went up and the labor cost associated with delivering that went up. And so anytime you pay people more inside your business, you have to absorb that in price changes. Mm. And so price increases are always, not always, but they, they, they're, they have, you have to do a price increase to stay open, otherwise you're not profitable to cover your actual cost of goods and cost of labor. Yeah. If you don't have any margin, you're outta business. And when the cost of labor goes up due to cost of living raises or any other raises, just a shortage of workers. An example of that is, you know, we told when America got Fauci, we told all of the service industry, all the waiters and the people that make your beds at the hotel and the people in the service world, that they weren't essential.


And we sent them home, told them they couldn't work. If you're a restaurant worker, you're not allowed to work. And in some places we did that for a month. Other places we did it for a year. When you tell people they're not essential, and then you want them to come back, they remember how you pissed on 'em last time. And so guess what? You wanna hire somebody in the service world today, pre covid. You might've done that for $10. Now you might be looking at $25 because there's a shortage of workers in those industries still to this day. Yeah. Post covid. And so, you know, the economic implications of covid are still shaking out.


You cr you create a labor disruption and a labor price change. And we've seen it in other areas of labor as well. Our cost of what we pay someone to work here at RAMSEY has changed in some of the areas pretty dramatically in some of the, we do comp studies to see where they're charging. So yeah. Then that means that if I'm gonna be profitable, I have to raise a price somewhere. Yeah. And so that person that buys, that pays more. And that's called inflation. Yeah. You don't, and you don't have to feel guilty about it. It's just part of No part of it. But I mean it, what what, what he's pointing out, and I think it's good for people to hear out there, is when you're walking around with a little picket in your hand and you're saying, I demand $15, I demand $22 where I was making 10 to work at McDonald's, then the cost of McDonald's goes up to cover your idea of you being worth more.


Then you don't get to bitch about paying more for stuff because you caused it. That's what I'm talking, that's what he's talking about. And so you can't go, I don't like the fact your fast food prices all went up and yet you're walking around demanding that the cost of labor at a fast food place go almost freaking double. Yeah. And then, and then can't, you know, of course, you know, it's, it's all connected. Big Mac cost more. You know, I mean that's why, that's how, that's how it works. Because these businesses are not evil and greedy, but they also are not notfor profit. That's right. They have to make a profit to stay open. And oh, by the way, even non-profits are profitable.


A non-profit that isn't profitable closes out of business. It's outta business. It's gone. Nonprofit is not an, not an actual dollar amount of, they didn't make more than they spent. It's just an accounting entry and an IRS designation. But they actually, you know, your church has to take in more than it puts out, otherwise it closes. So nonprofits are profitable. Hello. And you know, and so if the cost of electricity at your church goes up, that's right. Then there you go. I mean, you're gonna, you're, you're gonna, if the cost of staffing at your church goes up, 'cause you're competing in the marketplace for that creative position at the church, that music director at the church, you're, you're competing with the marketplace then that, you know, it costs more to operate that organization.


And some organizations haven't survived that. That's right. That's good discussion. Yeah. Inflation includes cost of labor. And when you've had a labor disrupt disruption like the quarantines created, we haven't seen, we've seen most of the end of it, but we haven't seen the complete end of it yet. It will calm down and smooth out eventually. But even a little 3%, 5% cost living raise then gets built into the thing. And you can't really in, in business, I can't stand against that and go, well, I just refuse to raise my prices. Well, you're gonna refuse to stay in business. You know? Right. That's just kind of dumb. So, so the next book you buy from us, get ready, the price is gonna be more, hello?


You know, those $10 sales we run, they're about to be 1250. They're about done. I'm just saying, you know, we're about done with a $10 sale 'cause it's $10 sales about backward. It's about upside down now and I'm about done with it. That was helpful for a while, but been doing 'em for, been doing 'em for 10 years and you know, it cost expensive. Cost of paper kicked, kicked my butt and so I'm gonna pass on the butt kicking. All Right. That's how this works. That's how, that's how it works, y'all. I mean it's just, this is how it is. So if you think it's otherwise, then you're being naive. So, but it's interesting to me that we teach so little civics and so little economics today that people can't make a basic connection between they don't know it's connected days. I demand to be paid more, but then on the other hand, I'm gonna bitch about inflation.


Yeah. No, I don't think people realize when you freaking caused it, that you're the essence of it. I mean, you know, I can't believe the cost of bread. Well it cost about twice the labor to put the bread on the shelf now. That's right. That it did. So look, I mean, almost double. It's crazy. And you can't even get the help. Can't get people to show up 'cause they're sitting at home in their mother's basement playing Nintendo. It's nuts. So we don't have that problem at RAMSEY 'cause we're not dealing with that level of labor. We're dealing with a high class, you know, generally here. So we got a whole different, whole different set of things that, that we deal with that are wonderful by and large. But yeah, it's a, it's a great discussion, Jared.


And you know, the problem was you pulled the string on the monkey. So you got, you got the soap box, you got the soapbox response. 'cause I can go on up for days about this, but it is interesting how ignorant Yeah. You know, some of this wealthy quality stuff is, and all this stuff, it just, they're ignorant of the connection, the unintended consequences of their little shallow ideas. Yeah, absolutely. And, and where they're going. So I'm, I'm glad that he pulled the string. Yeah, well he just, every so often I have to get outta my system and we will look back in time and say fauci. Wow. Just wow. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim, it's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items. Only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at eight eight eight two five five two two five. Sam is in Daytona Beach. Hi Sam, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Hi Jade. Thanks so much for taking my call today. I appreciate it. Sure. What's up? Okay, so I've got, it's a complicated situation but I'm gonna try and simplify it as easy as best as possible for you guys so I can just honor your time. So basically I have, I'm completely debt free. I've never had any debt. Very thankful to you for that. When I was 18 years old, I took FPU before I went to college. Wow, that's great. And actually graduated fully debt free.


And so it was the best decision I ever made. So never known any debt. I have a fully funded emergency fund, but about a year ago I was given a sum of money from a family member. Now the sum of money that it was that I was given, it was kind of given with the pretext of the reason why they had this money was for a wedding or maybe to invest into, to give me, to give for like my first property that I would own. But since kind of none of those things have happened, they decided I'm just gonna give it to you now and I want you to do something with it. So in regards to like investing or et cetera, et cetera, How much money is it? My problem is, so it was $20,000.


Okay, cool. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah, so, so I guess my next issue was more, I kind of don't know what to do in the sense of, I don't know much in regards to investments and since it was kind of sprung on me of especially I think with the attachment of going it was gonna be for maybe a wedding or maybe a house deposit. But that kind of hasn't happened. So Do you not own a home? I guess my, I'm a bit Are you renting? I Don't, no. You're renting. Are you opposed to saving this, I mean you said that initially it was maybe for a wedding, maybe for a down payment.


Why wouldn't you set it aside and add to it as a down payment? Well I guess that's, I guess that's part of my question of just going, is that the best thing to do? Because I actually have no problem with it. I think what I've been struggling with is because from this family member, it was kind of given the the, I'm giving you this money 'cause I want you to do something with it in regards to investing it rather than it just sitting in my bank account doing nothing. Well it wouldn't be doing nothing. I mean you, you can put it in a mutual fund and add to that mutual fund and make that your down payment fund two years from now, three years from now. Yep.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Another, so just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, another application, just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on smart investor and you'll find a group of smart investor pros in the Daytona Beach area. You can choose from among them which one you would like to work with. Yeah. And you want someone with the heart of a teacher. 'cause it sounds like you're new to investing and they'll sit down and teach you about investing only after you have learned and feel competent and comfortable. That's right. Do you invest? Yeah. And don't ever invest in something you don't understand. But if I woke up in your shoes, I, and if I had given you that gift with that guideline, I would be happy with you using some basic mutual funds to let that be parked in until and add some to it as you go along.


Yeah. For a future down payment. Yeah. Plan on having it in there five years or so. Yeah, that's what I'd say. So it has some time to go in the right direction. Yeah, you should be able to do great with it and that should be excellent. Easy. Jill is with us in Phoenix if I push the right button. Jill's there. Hi, Jill's with us in Phoenix. Hi Jill, how are you? I'm well, thank you so much. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I'm calling, I've listened to the show off and on for years, but I got really serious about six months ago and I, so I, I'm gonna admit at the Outstart that I know I've messed up, but I have about a hundred thousand dollars of debt with my ex-husband.


I'm currently married, my hu current husband. And I make good money because this debt felt so overwhelming. I kind of shoved it to the side. We paid off all of our other Debt Isn and I started saving for a house. I went to, basically, I skipped partial step two and went to step three. We started saving, we paid So all your, you and your current husband paid off all your other premar, your Debt Isn from the other marriage except this debt. And what is this debt? How big is it? It's a hundred thousand dollars. And who's it owe? And the IRS. Oh, Okay. And how did you end up a hundred thousand dollars in debt to the IRS?


So my former husband owned a company, tax issues got complicated. Life was really overwhelming. He didn't want to deal with it. I didn't know how to deal with it. So we just didn't file seven years of taxes. Yikes. Yeah. So when we got divorced, wait, Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Obviously, did you have an income during that time? You personally? I did. I did. And you didn't file taxes on that income. So Did you file taxes on your income during the seven years? No. Nope. Okay. So his business was complicated. You didn't file on it. And how did the a hundred thousand dollars come about?


Who decided what that was? So when we were getting divorced, we actually hired a CPA, which is what we should have done in the first place. And they went through, filed all of our taxes and let us know, you know, what we owed as well as initially interest in penalties and of course In time why in the world did you file filing jointly while you're going through a divorce? Why didn't you file separately? You would've only been responsible for the taxes on your income. The judge required it, unfortunately. Interesting. I know, I don't believe you. I think your attorney well just mailed it in judges.


That's not, that's not logical. Well, the judge required you filed agree your freaking taxes. I don't, I don't argue that. But the, he didn't file you, he didn't require you, you were as liable that your had to pay taxes on his business that he didn't file on. So, because the, the judge basically said, well, you benefited from the income while you were married. So you are both jointly and severally liable and you have to file together. It was very, very frustrating. So the ex I have a question about your ex-husband. Is he going to, if you both said, All Right, it's a hundred thousand dollars, I pay 50, you pay 50. Is he gonna, is he gonna do it? No, it's joint and several, she's libbed for all of it until it's all paid Through the divorce.


He is obligated to pay 60% and I'm obligated to pay 40. And that's kind of part of the question is No, he's not, not, should I just try to pay the 40,000? No he's not. No he is not. The divorce decree says that I But the RS says you owe a hundred. Right? Correct. The IRS will not acknowledge that. Exactly. They don't have to If I pay the hundred and I can take him back to court and sue him for that portion. Yeah, Good luck with that. I know, and honestly, I, it wasn't until I called a smart investor pro because I started saving for a house and I had my emergency fund. I was savings for a house. And your smart investor pro was like, no, no girl, you gotta go back to step two.


You have to deal with this. Yes. You gotta deal with it. Right. So How much money do you have laying around? So I have $55,000. Okay. Part of that was money that I got from my son passing away. And part of that is money we saved. Gosh. Okay. I I gotta tell you, there's a couple courses you can go through here. One course you can go through is you can pay the a hundred thousand and hope you get his 40 back out of him. And I wouldn't give you much hope for that. And you move on with your life. That's a fairly easy course to take. That's the clean course. That's the easy one. Okay. Here's the one I would do though. Yeah. And it's the hard one. Okay. I would hire another CPA or rather a tax attorney and I would go and go back before the probate courts where the, where the divorce was done and challenge that judge's ruling and refile under the innocent spouse provision.


'cause I don't think you're liable for his taxes and you're innocent of his, because I think that's good. Ask your, ask your tax attorney about the innocent spouse provision. This is where a spouse just signs off on everything and the other spouse is running the business and then, and they just sign off on it. They don't know then they don't get half the thing, they get out, they get out scot free and you'd be liable for your income, the taxes on your income during that seven years, but not on the business's income. And I'm challenging that judge's ruling, if I'm you, it's gonna cost you 10 grand to do this. I Was gonna say, how much would you spend to do that? Yeah. And, but I would do it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes. But thankfully you don't have to dread filing when you've got Ramsey Smart Tax. It comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


I'm Jade Washau RAMSEY. Personality is my cohost today.


Hey guys, if you didn't know, I love talking to you about money. We also help small businesses, about 10,000 of 'em across America. And we have a podcast called Entree Leadership. It was actually the very first podcast we ever did at RAMSEY. And it was run by other RAMSEY personalities and interview style and stuff over the years. I took it over about two years ago and started taking calls from small business people about leadership and small business questions. It's called Entree Leadership Podcast. It's very popular in that world. And if you wanna be part of that and you'll run a small business, you gotta a question about it, you can call and leave us a voicemail there at 8 4 4 9 4 4 10 78 4 4 9 4 4 1 0 7 oh. Or you can go to entree leadership.com/ask, leave your question and our team will get you set up to be a caller on there.


Also a reminder that this is the last portion of the show that is broadcast over YouTube and podcast. There's another portion coming up that is on the Ramsey Network app and on some talk radio stations around America. And so if you want, the Ramsey Network app is completely free. So you can finish this version of the show video or audio or both and just jump over the Ramsey Network app. It's completely free. There's all kinds of stuff you can do there, like search calls by subject, find out what we gotta say about any certain thing, type it in. You can type in email and send it to us. We'll answer it here on the air. We do a lot of stuff that's really fun over on the Ramsey Network app, so be sure you check all that out.


Ryan is with us in Hartford, Connecticut. Hey Ryan, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, how are you guys? Sure. What's up? Hey, so I have a bit of a problem. I never thought this was gonna happen. So in 2018 my father passed away and he left me and my brother a 401k plan. Fast forward five years, I got a check in the mail this morning for about 245,000. The original account balance was about 300,000. And what's happening is they gave me the check and I have to pay the IRS. That 55,000 difference from the 300,000 to the 2 45.


I called them and asked them if they could roll it over and they said once they issued the check, there's nothing that can be done. Who Told them to issue the check? Not me. Apparently the the company my father working before I didn't either didn't read or I'm sorry I didn't, I didn't hear you. You cut out. Apparently the company your father worked for what? Yeah, they, they have a five year plan, I guess for the death benefit that if it's not rolled over into something else within five years, they must close the account and just issue a checkout. It, it is super confusing. The way they explained it to me. I was on the phone with them for an hour and a half this morning with my 401k company and they pretty much said once we issue the check, there's nothing that can be done.


There was no work around. Yeah, there is. They had to, they had until this, that's what I'm saying. You don't, I'm sure you don't have an extra 55 grand laying around. No. So the way it worked is my account balance is 300,000. It started at like two 15 and over the years I got it up to 300. They issued me a check for 2 45. They already took the money out. Yeah. And sent it to the IRS and issued me the difference. Yeah. They have to withhold 20%. That's the rule if you, if you take a withdrawal. Right. But this is an involuntary withdrawal without no, without any contact to you or anything, which is completely at a minimum unprofessional. What Caused you to wait, what caused you to wait the five years as opposed to rolling it over?


Because the 401k plan my father was invested in, had really good options. Like I built up All of those same options exist in the open market. Yeah. And I, I have my own personal investment accounts and I do it with that as well. The, the, you know, if, you know, don't rock the boat if the boat shouldn't be rocked. So the way I figured is the 401k plan was perfectly fine. I kept it in there just because I see the investment options were fine. It was just, it's a retirement account. I was treating it like a retirement account. I wasn't gonna touch it until I was 65. I'm 30 now. Yeah. What Do you make? So it was, I make, I'm a truck driver so I make about 110,000 a year and I also own a small business that I make about the same.


So, okay. Under the secure act that Biden passed, you have 10 years to liquidate the 401k completely. You should have been liquidating it at one 10th a year from the time the Secure Act passed two years ago and you've not been doing that. So I didn't know about that. I know the, that's on me. So I'm, I'm trying to figure out how that plays into this and how hardcore All Right, let, let's pretend that we figure out a way to lean on them and they cancel the check and put the money back into the 401k so that you can roll it over within 30 days, which is what they should do if they're are people of integrity.


This is a problem. It's not technically unethical. It's just so nasty that it ought to be unethical what they've done. Yeah. And it's a big, it's cost. It's a lot of money. It's gonna cost you, it's gonna cost you, you know, 20, 30,000 bucks and that you don't have really, It cost me two years. It cost me two whole years of, of gains because of this. No, Well I mean Like I never thought I would be upset to get a huge check in the mail, but I did. And well I'm upset because I should have had it rolled over. It should have been huger. You should've called me. Yeah. Alright, so here's what, here's what, here's what I'm gonna suggest you do and I don't think it'll work, but it's the only thing I can think of.


All Right. Okay. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on smart ster and find a smart vestor pro in your area that you like. After talking to them on the phone, they may be able to call on your behalf and talk them into undoing this and immediately rolling it and they'll help you with the rollover. Okay. They may be able to cite something that, a, a regulation or something that I'm not aware of because this is, when you started talking, I thought you were going to tell me this was a tiny little 401k, like a $10,000 and they were just cleaning out all the little ones.


Sometimes they do that when a company sells or in the event of an inherited 401k like you've got. But this is huge. This is a lot of money. And so this is part, and with no notification at all, this is particularly nasty. And so I if they had simply notified you, you could have quickly rolled it over and avoided this. Right. And they said they notified me, but I I'm Very, oh, wait a minute. Just like Truck, That's different truck. That's week. You didn't, they did notify you. They Checked my accounts. They said they did, but I never got any notification. So you've never seen evidence of them relentlessly.


Yeah. Ask, ask them to prove that. Ask them to prove that they did. Okay. Okay. So good idea. I mean, I don't, I don't think you've got a basis for suing them, but I'd be tempted to. I really would. I mean 'cause you're talking about 25 or $30,000 cost here. That is unnecessary. 55,000. They took out, they, they No, no, honey, It's the taxes on 55,000. The 55 thousand's gonna be taxed, not penalized. No. So No, they, when I got my experiment, like the summary of what my original account balance was, 300,000 underst. I understand. They cut me a check for 2 45. I understand they took 55,000.


They sent it to the federal government as tax withholding and it's not all taxable. So they, because the entire, 'cause you're gonna roll the rest of this. If you take the check in your hand and you roll it to a 401k, the only harm that's gonna come to you is the taxes on the 55,000, which is gonna be 15 grand or 20 grand. Oh. So I'm gonna have to pay another 15 grand. Honey, you haven't paid anything yet. Okay. They withheld your money 55,000 and sent it to the federal government. Then what you do is you file a tax return of what is actually due and what will be actually due is not 55,000.


It'll only be the taxes on 55,000 if you take the check in your hand and put it into an IRA traditional within 60 days of WR right now. So you need to get on the phone with a smart investor pro right now. 'cause at least we need to do That. Okay, I will. But the, so the worst case scenario, if you follow through on what I just told you, is taxes on $55,000. 'cause the government has 55,000 of your money as if you're gonna get taxed on the whole thing and you're not. Okay Because you're gonna roll the portion in your hand, which is 80% of it into a traditional to keep you from getting taxed. You got 60 days to do that from the time of withdrawal. So folks, you could pull your money outta 401k, they have to withhold 20%, but you have to put a hundred percent into an account within 60 days to avoid taxation.


That's what the problem is. But can't do that 'cause they've already can't do that because they got 55 of his money over at the IRS now. And so if you just take the, take the 55, then you're gonna pay some taxes but not 55. So there we go. Woo. This is The Ramsey Show.