
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today From the Ramsey Network.


It's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me, Dr. John Delony. We're taking calls about your life, your money, your mental health, all of it. You can get involved. The numbers triple eight, eight two, five five, two, two five. It'll get you on the line. We've got Nicole, who's in Waco, Texas. Nicole, How can we help? Today I am calling, I have a son who is almost 24 years of age and I'm not sure how to help him anymore. He has had a drug addiction since the age of 18. He's been in rehab out of rehab and he is living on his own now and has an apartment, but recently was put in the hospital for mental help.


And I just don't know how to help him because I, I was able to get him some help, but then he quits the program. And I know financially he needs money for rent, but I've helped him multiple times with rent and I don't feel like I should continue doing that. I just want some advice on how to help him. Yeah, that's, I, I mean, unfortunately I've had this conversation with too many parents over the years of, of young men and women just that age. And there's that balance between, there's a real chance he ends up on the street and there's a real chance that he never learns to stand up on his own two feet.


And so at the same time, the greatest gift is letting him learn from some of these consequences. And yet, when you've struggled with addiction for seven years, some of those consequences may be catastrophic. Right. And that's just a scary place for a parent to find themselves. It, it really is. He's, he's one of six, he's the youngest of six kids and none of my other kids have this issue. And he grew up in a good home, but he's made some very poor choices from the time he was 18 till now. And they are becoming very catastrophic. Yeah. So first thing I wanna do is I wanna free you from the what you just, what you're carrying around.


How about that? Okay. Yes, that'd be good. You're, you, you've gotta set down the comparison. He's not like my other five. I must have messed up with this one. 'cause what it does is it ends up making him an object and he's just not your son. And let's bring him back to being your son. Okay. Right. And his choices at this point may or may not who, who knows, but trying to reverse engineer how he got here isn't the time right now. Right now is the, is we wanna keep 'em alive. I agree with you. I'm not just gonna put money into a bottomless pit because the way he's gonna get help from this, he's going to continue to stay in rehab.


He's gonna work these programs, and he's gonna learn to begin very gently carrying the weight of the bar that his life. And that's how his body will learn. That he can get stronger. Yes. He just, you know, he was, he just was admitted to, 'cause he attempted suicide. And so he was, he was admitted to a inpatient hospital where he got some help for a week. And then I had arranged when he came out to do a 10 week outpatient program where he could continue to work and get help, the professional help he needs. Correct. And he did it for one week. And he's already quit. Yeah.


Where is he going? He was going to a, no, no, Not the place, but when he quit, where did he go home to? He went home to his apartment. Okay. Is there a possibility, and I don't know the nature of his addiction and, and, and all, all the ins and outs like you do, is there an opportunity for you to say, I'm no longer funding this. You can stay here or you can stay in rehab. That's it. I, I've, I've, I asked him, I said, well, if you're, if you're gonna quit. 'cause he thought it was stupid and Sure. You know, oh, what It is, is they're calling him to accountability and course.


And he doesn't Really want The accountability. But here's the thing here, here's what you have to acknowledge. And this is so scary to acknowledge this as a parent who loves her kid. He knows he doesn't have to, 'cause he has a paid for apartment that he's gonna walk out the door and Go to. He knows that. And Right. There's some, there's some debate in the literature and some back and forth mumbo jumbo. But one of the cornerstones of addiction is people who are struggling with connected relationships with safe people. Right? Yeah. And that's where like, and nobody wants to move home with mom. And I don't want someone who is struggling with addiction that is gonna blow up your family living at home either.


So only you know the nature of it. Right. Right. But if he knows, man, I can just walk out this door, go back to my apartment, all my bills are paid. I can go use, I can just sleep and get, get back to my life. This sounds nuts. But he'd be crazy to not do that. Yes. And I did tell him that I was, I told him that I would no longer help fund that. I've, I've helped him in the past, but I could not, if he wasn't going to stay committed to a program to get him the necessary professional help he needed, I no longer could help him fund him. I love him, but I won't fund if he comes up short on his rent or if he doesn't have groceries or if he can't pay his utility bill.


Okay. I, I think that's an important part of his recovery. But I hesitate to tell you that's what you need to do right this second, because I mean, this is a, a seven or eight minute phone call. Right. But I, I think that's where you're at. And the challenge as a parent you're gonna have is never letting him, and this might happen, I've recommended parents in the past for particular situations, write your kid a letter and send it to them every week. And they may throw it up, they may throw it away, they may rip it up or they may just throw it on the floor somewhere. But one night they're gonna look and see all those letters. They're not gonna be able to tell themselves the story that my parents don't care.


And yet that only works if they have a place so you can even mail it to Right. Right. Or every week I want you to come over for Sunday lunch. You can't come over if you're using, but I want you here. I'm, I'm not gonna text you, I'm not gonna text you. I love you. I'm not gonna text you a bible verse, I'm gonna call you. You don't have to answer. But every day or every other day or every week, you're gonna see my name pop up on your thing because I love you and I care about you. Right. And I can no longer in good conscience keep going into the weight room and taking all the weight off the bar and wondering why you're not getting any stronger. Right. Right. And you have to live with the understanding that he's gonna go live on somebody's couch, the exact people he doesn't need to be around.


Yeah. I think my greatest fear is that he is gonna commit suicide. Yeah. And if you're, if you're at that point, then I think you sit down with the social worker at the last rehab place and say, I want to see if we can commit him involuntarily. 'cause he is, he is a demonstrated harm to self. And they may not do that. The threshold for that type of commitment is very, very high. 'cause you're taking away somebody's civil rights. Right. But Right. If, if I can show you, he is repeatedly said he's going to die by suicide. And then I I'm, I'm gonna do everything I can on that front.


Yes. And, and that's what I, you know, I, because I feel like I'm the only one in our family who stays connected. 'cause everybody else is kinda, Where's dad in this cut off? Dad is, we divorced a couple years ago after 32 years of marriage. Okay. And he, he's traveling. He's a traveling minister. Okay. And he's no longer in the area. Well, here's, here's another thing. That youngest son of yours needs his dad to show up at his front door and say, I love you. And give him a hug and say, I'll walk with you in this next chapter. But I agree with you. I think the days of just funding this thing, hoping it gets better, is show you, you've proven that doesn't work.


And so work with the social worker at the hospital to come up with a plan for what's next. But I think that's the right move.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely Devastating It is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xandr Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


All Right. Let's get right back into it. We're going to the phone lines where we have Lisa in Grand Rapids, Michigan. What's up, Lisa? Good afternoon, John and Jade. First I to say, John as a phone therapist, I love you. You're amazing. Well, Thank you. That makes me feel good. I appreciate that. You You're welcome. Here's my question. Earlier this year, my uncle died and has left me a significant amount of money. My financial advisor is telling me that I shouldn't pay off my debt. That that's a bad idea. And I know from following Dave since about 2001 or 2002, that he says, yes, pay off your debt.


Mine is student loan debt from 2013 and which amount of money I received last week, and there's a lot more money still to come. I could pay off this debt. How much? The inheritance? Around 500 to 600 grand. Okay. And how much debt do you have? My student loan as it fits right now is 24,000. I already got one check from the inheritance and paid off a huge amount of the debt that I have. About 24,000 left as today. How is it being distributed? Are you at one point gonna get a lump sum or is it always gonna be kind of parceled out over time?


Because he had properties and other things as they sell? It's sounding like we're getting checks as we go. Okay. So And so I just got a six figure check last week. Okay. And what was the six figures? 103. Okay. And so you're saying you only have 24,000 left of the debt. So at that point you already went against the financial advisor's advice. Yeah. And how Do you feel? Didn't feel right to go against his advice? Yeah. Like you paid off the debt. How do you feel having done that? I felt like It was a great thing to do. Okay. All Right. Okay. I wanna play therapist with you for a second. Even though I'm not a therapist, I'm just a, I'm a, I'm a faker on the radio.


What in the world is going on inside your chest that you doubt you so much? In all honesty, in life, I've always been questioned when I make decisions about anything with my parents. Hmm. And I've o often been told that I'm wrong or that it's a bad decision or that I didn't research it enough. How Old are you now? I, Mid fifties. Okay. Can we just, can we just decide, just me, you, Jade and I don't know, a couple million people listening that for the first time we're done listening to those old voices that said you don't know what you're talking about.


Could we be done there? I try. I know, I know. And the only, and you know this as a therapist, the only way to truly get there is to practice it. Right? Right. So who do you owe money to now in the world? Student loans. Oh, so you haven't paid 'em yet. You're thinking about paying 'em, but you haven't written that check yet? She Paid all but 24,000, All but 24,000. Okay. And that's the only debt I have. Clear it today. Today, Dude. What would that feel like to be a go into therapy tomorrow? And you don't owe anybody anything?


And just to remind, just a reminder, when I was Go ahead. You go, you go. I was gonna say, when I, when I'd been thinking about it, I'd been excited. I've been excited of the idea of my, since co last two, since like 2001 or 2002. And I know that I would finally be debt free is a huge deal to me. And then to be able to get the rest of this money in and start to do some things his life that I haven't been able to do, like travel For sure. Lisa, At a bigger level. Yes. Yes. This is the whole point of why we do what We do at This moment. Okay. Anyone who says, you know what, you shouldn't be free. You should just let me have your money because I can get a small percentage off the earnings that I'm gonna invest in one of my, of my special products.


That also gives me a kickback. 'cause clearly I'm in this job for me, not for you. And John just said what I was about to remind you of the fact that he's, he makes a commission off of anything that you invest. So for him, yeah. I'm not saying he's a bad guy or like investors are a bad guy. I'm not saying that. But there is a vested interest there for you to invest larger sums of money and just don't forget that. And don't forget that he works for you for crying out loud. You don't work for him. So at the end of the day, guess who gets to make the decision? Me? Yes ma'am. Okay. And if you have a decision to make and it lights you up like a Christmas tree right now, and it's not like something morally questionable, Right?


You're 50 plus years old, those days of you taking that spark inside and that joy and being like, hold on, I gotta put that flame out because one time or 'cause my dad always said, or 'cause my mom, dude, they don't get a vote anymore no more. And by the way, your uncle thought enough of you to leave you half a million dollars. So if nobody else, if you, if you don't think I have any other data in the world to say I'm trustworthy, your uncle sure thought you were half a million dollars trustworthy. Which is pretty amazing too, Jade, how often, I don't wanna gender this, but I, it, it's, it's majority women. Okay. That I hear experience that this sense of, Hey, you're probably wrong.


You're probably the probably you, you listen, you let me make this decision for you. In fact, usually it's with men, it's the opposite. It's like, Hey, listen to other people before you go bull charge it into something. But I hear this man, and it, I guess it breaks my heart. You have a woman who just got this, who's been dreaming of this moment, feels so good. And then she goes and talks to someone who's supposed to be Yeah. A supporter and says, actually you're stupid. You should do this. I think probably even, I think what you're saying is accurate, but I think even more it boils down to just, women tend to put everybody else first and what everybody else want. Yeah. First, not all women. That's not, I'm not trying to generalize the whole population, but it tends to be something that we struggle with.


And I think she had this idea of what she wanted to do, then she goes and talks to old boy and old boy is like, no, I wanna do this. And so it's easy to just surrender your will and be like, well, if they wanna do that, and that people pleasing of like, ah, just make them happy. That makes sense. You know, and kind of putting your own thoughts secondary in what your own desire secondary man, that's gotta stop today. Yeah. Get online, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and check out our smart vest and fire this person. In fact, don't even fire 'em. Just don't ever go back or call them back. And if they are, you're a registered financial advisor. Get online and put in your zip code and we're gonna send you a couple of folks in your area that you are sup. I want you to interview them.


And I want you to get that same feeling in your chest. Like, I can trust this person. This person's teaching me, not mocking me. This person is walking alongside me. And Jade, I've had this experience with Churchill, I've had this experience with Smart Vista Pro where I've had this experience with Xandr when I wanna do a thing and they say, I will do that thing, but actually this is in your best interest. Yeah. And you can make, I can make more money here, but this is the right thing for what you told me your goals are. And that is to owe nobody anything. And that's what you want in one of these advisors who's walking alongside You. Hundred percent. Yeah. You want 'em to explain their point of view. You want to be heard on your point of view, but ultimately you're the one that gets to make the decision.


Right. And so as long as you feel like they're honoring your choices and trying to feed that into the plan, that's what you want. Yeah. And then also acknowledging at some points they're gonna know more than you like, do you know what I mean? Yeah. Like there is that part of it. But in this case, this was, this was AdChoices that didn't really have much penalty. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, she could have not paid off the debt and been fine and she could paid off the debt and been fine, but it was her wishes to pay off the debt. Right. That's not gonna light anything on fire. So he should have been like, yeah, 100% let Go. Well, you're talking 25,000 bucks against half a million dollars. That's right. That's right. Good Grief. Yeah. That's crazy. Lisa's paid this off today. And call us back ASAP And we will scream I'm debt free right here on the show.


Be awesome. We're proud of you, Lisa. Congratulations. All Right, John, let's, let's take a quick question from the Ramsey Network app. It says, is your recommended percentage to pay for rent the same as It is for mortgage? So we say, yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we say that your mortgage payment shouldn't be any more than 25% of your take home pay. And I'd say that goes along with rent as well, because it's not a thing about renting or buying, it's the idea of what portion of your budget is it taking up and how much is then left in margin free to do the other things like pay your other bills and get ahead on debt and just live a life without being tight. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, it's the same thing. It has nothing to do with whether or not you're renting or buying.


It has to do with you having the right ratios of money going to the right thing. So 25% is what you're looking for every time. Because when it creeps above that, that's when people start calling into the show talking to you. And I, Man, You know, there's a, there's a method to the madness People,


As an investor and a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who want to be intentional about where their money goes. As a pioneering force and biblically responsible investing. Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LLC.


Straight to the phone lines we go where there's Michael in Naples, Florida. What's going on Michael? Hey Jade, nice talking to you. So I've been a fan of your show for the last couple years. I enjoy the stories. I'm not a baby steps person myself, but I am a self-made millionaire multimillionaire Wow. Coming from Yeah. Poor person to, you know, I feel like I'm in a pretty good position, but my question is this, as a fan of your program, I'm intrigued by the idea of baby step seven, which is to give generously. And I've never heard that baby step discussed in any kind of detail on your show.


So I was wondering if you guys could go into the theory behind that. Yeah, I love this question and you're, and you're right, we do spend a lot of time talking about getting out of debt or investing or saving, And we don't generally get to spend as much time on the baby step seven topic, which is great. So I mean, I can tackle it from kind of my way of thinking and I'm sure John has a take on it as well. I think that giving is probably one of the most important things that you can do with money, because at the end of the day, money is very much linked to our, our heart. And I think that if we can control our heart and control our money by letting money be something that flows freely in and flows freely out, it's really shows a level of self-control in our life.


I think money is one of those things that it's, it's amoral, but if you don't control it right, it can be very powerful. Right. And so it's one of those things that by giving, we're really making sure that we're keeping money in its rightful place. We're able to say, Hey, this is, this is not mine. I'm not greedy. I'm a person who can let it go out and let it come in. And my heart is okay with both of those actions. And then I kind of think of like, this is the way I was taught when I was a kid. And I think it's so true. Like if you hold money with an open hand, there's the space for it to leave and there's the space for it to come in. Whereas if money comes into that hand and you close it, nothing can get out and nothing can get in.


And it's the same way with your heart. And so for me, I would say that's why it's such a, a big important part of it. And then the other part of It is I'm a Christian person. And so I believe that generosity is kind of the crux of so much of what we believe. And at the end of the day, every good and perfect gift comes from above. So what we have, if we have it and it's good, it's from God. And so we have to have the ability to let him do what he wants to with those gifts. We just are the manager of those gifts. We're the steward of the steward of those gifts. And so if he says, Hey, I want you to take some of that and put it towards this thing over here, then we have to be willing to do that.


And so always having an open heart to do those things. That's, that's kind of my point of view, John, what you got to say on the matter. Yeah, I man Michael, I think this is a great question. Tell me where it comes from for you. Well, as I said, I'm a fan of the program and became a fan during COVID. And I just love the stories and you know, I understand the mechanics of the baby steps. I mean, I became a self-made multimillionaire, not through the baby steps because Dave Ramsey wasn't a thing when I was growing up or when I'm was working. I just had my own way of doing it, which is different from the baby steps and the step seven, It is always kind of, well, you know, what is this about?


Because is it a motivational factor? You know, it feels so great to give that, you know, it helps you get, get there. Is that it? You know, just, and I've never heard anybody call in Answer no question before. Yeah. Your call. I mean, your question, dude, I I I would high five you if we were sitting in here together. I think it's a great under asked question. What does the status, you said get there in your mind? Where is there, I'm not sure I understand. Your question Is, is is getting there this idea of being a multimillionaire, right? What, especially as someone as a, a self-proclaimed former poor person, right?


Yeah, yeah. What, what does being a multimillionaire now, what does that mean to you? Well, it means not having to work. I retired at age 56. Okay. And I did it right on my own schedule using like basic principles of math. Yep. So I think it's more, you know, not having to worry about different factors affecting, you know, basic living. Because when you're poor, that's what you're concerned about, you know, getting by Absolutely. When you pay the bills. And so There's A sense that was my goal. There's a math problem and you've solved that math problem, right?


Right. I mean, absent of one of those caustic Reddit calamities, right. That are just fun to go down YouTube rabbit holes about, you're good. Right? Right. You're gonna be good and you're gonna be fine. For me, I, I echo everything Jade said. For me, generosity is, it's really this idea of picking my eyes out of my own belly button, right? Outta my own survival and, and recognizing this, it's, it's a posture on how I interact with the world, which is I may have driven to work and worked my butt off and gone, like from my own story, I worked a ton of grad school. I grew up in the home of a cop and a minister.


Like I worked really hard, got a bunch of education, worked a lot of 20 hour days for years to get X, y, and z. And generosity is this idea of me taking my eyes outta my belly button and looking up and saying, I drove to work on roads, other people paved. I sat in classrooms at the feet of other people who went and learned a whole bunch of stuff. I use laptops that nobody built. And by the way, there are people in my community that may don't, maybe don't have access to those things and in the same way, and I can now be a link, a bridge towards them. And some of that access, whether that access, access is basic food, whether that access is educational opportunities, whether that access is helping somebody who, who fill in the blank.


But It is a posture. And I always want to answer this question. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a millionaire. I'm a baby steps millionaire, I'm a multimillionaire. And my question is always gonna be the same for what? For what? And if it isn't to make sure I can be the best steward of this money, that I can take care of myself, I can anchor in so that now I can help everyone around me so that I can make my community better. I can help people who are struggling. I can help people be a part of some of those same things that I was a benefactor of. It's, it's, it's just a posture. And I go back to that simple thing that, that Jade mentioned, and I love it, which is, and I got this actually from Dave.


Dave has a fascination. He loves to have dinner or lunch with billionaires, right? He's a multi, multi multimillionaire. Dave's not a billionaire, right? He loves sitting down with his folks. And he said, except for one, every billionaire he sat with is a person of high integrity with real open hands. And this idea of generosity is not just the exchange of dollars, it's the exchange of ideas. It's the exchange of compassion, it's the exchange of love and connection. It's all these things that we say woo woo. And you don't show up on a spreadsheet but have to do with a life well lived. And so I'll ask you, man, you've accumulated millions and millions of dollars and you did it, quote unquote, you're wet, used a spreadsheet, you just climbed and scratched and clawed and now you're 56, 60.


I don Dunno how old you're now, but you've retired, you're not working anymore. And the question I'll ask you after you've solved for safety, like for what, what's all this money gonna be for? Yeah, well, I mean, number one is you don't know what's common. I mean, I think, you know, just history provides us a, a good idea. But it's mainly, you know, for self preservation and for preservation, my family. And It is a lot. How, how many, how many family members do you have? Do you have wife kids? Do you have family? Like, tell me about it. It's A wife, no kids. Okay, so anyway, this goes back, I mean my, I grew up in a large family with eight kids. So that that'll teach you a lot. Yeah, of course.


Gone through that. Of course there's only one pancake left and it's a war, right? For that last pancake. But my father, he always said, you know, you're here for one purpose, which is to serve. And I always thought that's crazy because who's gonna serve me? You know, nobody else served me over the course of my life. And I'm 65 years Old and can I tell you something nobody Served. Yeah. And I want you just to internalize this And we only have a second. I wish I could talk to you for an hour 'cause you're the kind of guy I love to just have a drink with. Your line of thinking is still rooted in poverty. It's a mindset of what about the next minute and the next minute after that.


And I want you to do the math and play it out. If there's a nuclear calamity, your dollars in the account aren't gonna save you. I want you to back up and exhale and say, what if I practice serving one person? And then I want you to see how that feels and be about generosity.


Let's be honest, shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves. Meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health Trust, Financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is, health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's Ramsey trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you at Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com.


Real talk. Buying and selling a home is a big deal. And the truth is, you do want an expert in your corner. You want someone fighting for you, somebody fighting to find the best deal and the right price. So the Ramsey trusted program is really the only way to find a top agent that you can trust, who will help make your home a blessing and not a burden, I promise. It's easy. Just compare agent profiles, interview them and choose the right one that you want to work with. Find a local Ramsey, trusted Real Estate Pro for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Or click the link in the description. If you are listening on the YouTube or the podcast platform on the YouTube. On the YouTube, It is a tube that you get on. I'm A hundred years old.


Alright, we got David, he's in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. What's going on David? How can we help today? Hi guys. I'm calling in 'cause I am just at my wits end and I need help. A couple years, for the past couple years I had a really good paying job that I ended up leaving in January of this year to move back. I moved from Nebraska to Pennsylvania to be with family and in these past six months, leaving that good job, I tried to get another job and that didn't work out. I, that lasted two months and then I finally got hired this earlier this month and in two weeks they let me go. Oh No. And my debt has been piling up.


I have a credit card that called and said you owe $2,000 minimum payment and we're closing your account in 40 days. And I have no way to pay it 'cause I'm out of work. Well And I am just calling 'cause I don't, I don't know what the, what to do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's frustrating. I can, I can tell it's, it's like a double whammy. There's the job thing and then you've got these debt collectors calling you, you know, blowing up your phone every day, making you feel like a bad person. Am I right? I mean, it's demoralizing that, you know, I thought I could go and get a job and I was like, oh, it's easy to keep a job, but I didn't realize how much your world can turn upside down the second you lose out on a paycheck and then it goes into the next week and the next month and then two months and Yeah, listen, what you're describing, I, I have no idea.


What you're describing is what you're, every day on the show, we're trying to let people know, hey, you're literally one missed paycheck away from it, feeling like it's pouring rain outside. Okay. So let's talk about the job site first. What were you doing before that quote? Good job that you had? What were you doing and what were you earning? So I worked as a technician for the largest private company in the world. And I was earning just shy of six figures, about 80 to $90,000 a year. Okay. What precipitated that move where you thought, I'm just gonna quit this and I'm gonna move across the country without a job, without savings and be around family? What, what happened to cause you to move?


So it was a, it was a multi-month process, but I had a family member who back here who was like, Hey, I need, I need, you know, I can't find a place to stay, you know, if you move in, you and a couple, some siblings. And they're like, well, you know, it's going to be cheaper for three of us to share a place rather than just two. And I'm like, yeah, I can see that. And plus I had some other family stuff going on, so I figured it would wouldn't be a bad idea. 'cause I had got hired from another for a job before the move. So I came out, went, moved in literally the next day and working. Unfortunately that just didn't work out.


It was too far, it was almost hour and a half, two hours commute and the schedule was on call. So it just didn't work out Okay. Too far away. And so now, And then Since then, since you've lost those opportunities, how many other jobs have you been applying for? Or, you know, interviewing for? Oh, I've been applying to just about ev everything in the area from, from nature park ranger to, to janitor. And I, I'm implying to anything at this point. And what does that look like? Can, can you walk us through what that looks like? You, if you find a job you're interested in, what, what happens next? Well, obviously I'd want to stay there and, and, and build up The No, no, no.


I mean, as you're, as you're applying for jobs, what does that process look like? Because if it looks like I go on. Oh, most of it's online. Exactly. That's it. Yeah. That's Where your problem is. Yeah. Okay. And I, I'm not Ken Coleman, I actually wish that he were here right now, but he would tell, he'd be the first to tell you if you're just going online, filling out resumes, it's going into a black hole. And so we've gotta start thinking about who we know and are they in fields that might be linked to the things that we want to do. And who can we reach out, who can we network with? Who can we ask and say, Hey, is there anything in your company? Do you know anybody? Can you put in a word for me? If we can create some sort of relational connection, that's really what gets, that's what's gonna get you in the door and get your stuff moved to the top of the pile.


But that's for, that's for career stuff right now, bro. You're like in a survival situation. I am. This is like going to knock on the door at Walmart and Taco Bell and say, I'm ready to work today. Well That's a good point that John made in the meantime. Anything, like, nothing's stopping you from doing those basic things that are out there, right? Like he said, the targets and the, the Uber eats and the, the driving job money Right now. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And there's a big, let's, can we be honest, how old are you? 30. Okay. 30. Like I just wanna put this out there, man. If I'm in your situation and I left a job at the premier company in the world and I was a high paid technician and I left to go bail out a family member to go, go help them out.


And I'm struggling to even get a callback from a janitorial service, right? There's a part of that that hurts, man. There's an ego part of that that doesn't make you broken or somehow weak or weird. It just, that's s heartbreaking man. It's a bummer. Right? And can we also be honest, living with your siblings at 30 is not great either, right? Well Say no, You think you're making the right choice. I was trying to help. I know you were. And that's, that's why I'm, I, I'm doubly I'm triply heartbroken for you. One, you had a great job and a great place and you were standing on your own two feet and you did something altruistically to go help family. And when you moved in with those three siblings or however many people are living there, you probably got a real quick understanding of why they don't they struggle.


Right? Man, John, you just made a really great point. Like, this hurts all the way around. You left a job to go help somebody and now you're the one needing help. Right? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. That orbit thing is real. It's almost like you got sucked into a Yeah. A an orbit that wasn't the one you maybe should have sucked them your way over to what you were doing, which was successful. But I mean, that's spilled milk. I think right now the, the main thing is today, your homework today is, like John said, you're going out, you're gonna Walmart, you're gonna target, you're calling Amazon Flex, you're, you're, you're just landing anything. And I get it, like John said, it's gonna feel beneath you and that's fine.


Just know that you're doing this. You're in survival mode to keep food on the table. And then as for the money side of things, really do focus on those four areas that are of the biggest concern right now. We call 'em four walls. So this is your priority, not the credit cards. Your priority is first I pay my portion of rent, I pay my portion of utilities, I make sure my transportation, I've got gas, I'm paying my car note if I have a car note and then I have food, right? Those are the four things that no matter what, those are your priorities. If the credit card companies call, you can tell 'em to piss off because you don't have any money to give them right now. Right? Right. And they're gonna kick and scream and threat and all this stuff. And at the end of the day you're like, yeah, go ahead you, I have nothing that you can take from me.


I have no money. I have four roommates, I'm 30. Come get it. Come get it. Exactly what they gonna take. Exactly. But knowing those four things are on lock is gonna give you a little bit of peace and it's just gonna make you feel okay, I'm in control. I have a game plan and yeah, pick up one of these jobs. And I think that if you continue to pound on doors, we're gonna make sure you have all the resources you need. We'll give you, find the work you're wire wired to do from Ken Coleman. It's got a career assessment in there that'll help you get started. We'll give you paycheck to purpose. Hey, we're even gonna throw in a couple of EveryDollar. We've got some gift cards that are for ALDI that'll give you some extra groceries. Just anything to kind of stretch this out for you so that you can have some breathing room until you can get landed.


And I don't, I don't know, I'm not trying to tell you what to do, but it doesn't seem like there's much for you in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Yeah, I I David, I, while you're knocking on doors and driving between places, 'cause for real this is emergency time. You gotta go get several jobs and that's not where you thought you'd be at 30 helping out family. But here we are. I want you to be honest about the question. Do you think you can solve the puzzle that your family member has put in front of you? Or is this a moment when you exhale and say, I've done my best. I tried, I moved across the country and I'm gonna call my colleagues back at my former job and see if I can get my job back. 'cause I'm gonna move back across the country and rebuild my life.


'cause I had a good thing going. It's okay to say I moved across the country, I gave up everything. This is not for me. And I'm gonna start looking nationwide for new jobs because I, I'm gonna get out of this three roommates at 30, situation


Confession folks. When life gets really hectic, I don't take time to plan my healthy meals. Some days I can't even remember what a vegetable looks like. That's why I keep Field of Greens handy. It's a superfood powder made with real fruits and veggies selected by doctors to help your heart, lungs, metabolism and more. I mix Field of Greens with water, I shake it up and I'm ready to go. And to tell you the truth, I did expect it to kind of taste like compost, but it's really delicious. Plus Field of Greens promises your doctor will notice your improved health or you get your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey to save 20% on your first order.


Thanks for hanging out with us on The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me. Dr. John Delony, continuing to take your calls. It's a live show if you didn't know it, meaning you call in And we answer the question right on the spot, even though technically it does air the next day, right John? Always It still counts as live. You can get in on the action by calling triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll get you on the line. And if nobody picks up, just leave a message because we do go through those And we wanna make sure that we hear your question. All Right, we've got Carrie who's in Minneapolis, Minnesota. What's up Carrie? Hi, I'm so happy to be here. I'm calling, I'm 47 years old and I'm concerned about my retirement set up and I don't know if it's too late for me.


Well, Tell us what you're concerned about. Well, I was married for almost 18 years, got divorced, met someone with no plans to get married because we've both been there, done that. And I'm just now in my sixth year full-time teaching at 47 years old. So I haven't been paying into the retirement system very long. Okay. I do have some savings and things like that but, but I'm definitely worried about my future down the line. So tell us what you have in real numbers. What do you have put aside in retirement Right now? I have 122,000 in a savings account. Just a regular savings.


High yield. Yeah, just a normal savings account. Okay. That's kind of, that's where my paycheck goes and everything every month. And then I have another 26,300 that I get from bar I bartend as well on the weekends. So I make, you know, between one and 2000 a month there. Okay. Because That's a weekend gig. Okay. And what about retirement? Did you put anything in a 4 0 3 B? It's whatever the school contributes there, right? I'm not, yeah. Okay. So what I'm hearing, And I do, I do have a Roth IRA too. Oh, okay. What's in the Roth? IRA?


It's about 70,000 right now. And I put, I contribute about a hundred dollars a month into that and I don't know if I should be doing more or what. And you said you don't know what's in the, the education, the 4 0 3 B 401k. Yeah, I'm not really familiar with it. Okay. But you know they're putting something in there. Yes. Okay. Yes. So here's what I kind of hear and then I'll tell you what I, I think we can do here. I feel there's a lot of, I think we can streamline this 'cause there's a lot of scattered thinking. I asked you what money you had set aside, but, and you've got this account that's housing savings, but it's also housing your paycheck. And then you've also got your bartending money going into there.


We're not sure what's in the 4 0 3 B like, does that make sense? So I think a lot of this, yes, a lot of this you're gonna feel better about to just get some real answers pinned down. So I like giving folks homework. So I think your homework today is you're gonna find, you know, you're going to dig through the junk drawer or go through the notes app on your phone and you're gonna find the login and find out what's in that 4 0 3 B. 'cause it's your money and you should know what It is. So that's your first thing. So that way we can know specifically, okay, here's all that I have in retirement. I have the 70,000 in my Roth, IRA, you know, and I've got this much in the 4 0 3 B. So that's thing one. Your next piece of homework is I want you to separate these accounts a little bit.


I want you to have a checking account that your check like your, your income comes into, and that's the account that you budget out of. And then I want you to have a separate account for your three to six month emergency fund. And that can be that same high yield savings account that you have, but I want you to separate that money. Okay? So that's thing number two is separate accounts. And then thing three I want you to do is what I'm about to go with you and do right now, which is I want you you to play with a retirement calculator. So right now I'm just on Ramsey Solutions dot com slash investment calculator and I'm gonna put in, you told me you were 47 years old and you told me let's just start with the 70,000 in the Roth ira.


So I'm gonna plug that in. And then you said you're putting a hundred dollars a month towards that and probably if it's invested well you should be getting an annualized return of somewhere between between 10 and 12% to be somewhat conservative. High risk, 10% high risk. I know that. Okay. Yeah. So if I calculate that in 20 years at age 67, you're gonna have $588,000. Okay. Okay. I would say that that is not enough to want to retire comfortably. So that's why I want you to play with this because I want you to see what happens if I contribute $300 a month, what happens if I contribute, you know, and start playing with these numbers to get to the point where you feel comfortable about where you're at.


Does that make sense? Yes. So right now you told me you're making the 26,000 from bartending. What else? What other money are you making? I make 20, 2800 a month teaching's my main gig. So the 2,800 and then the other 2000 from bartending. So you're like 48 a month? Yes. Okay. And how much is your rent? I actually don't have rent. I'm very lucky the person I live with. I just have to contribute just my own bills, like my phone and my, my insurance and things like that. My car, There's How long does this arrangement last? Right? Right. That's and okay.


Yeah, we've been together nine years. Are you married? No. There's no plan to get married. He's been married. I've been married. And You'd guys just like it the way It is. That's how it's gonna be, I guess so, yeah. And you're, are you fine with that? No, you're not fine with that. Well, I mean, I mean, I get it. I'm fine with it. I mean, our stuff is separate and All Right, I'm just worried, like, think, think about this, think about you and 15 years and he goes out for a walk and, and falls over from a heart attack, which unfortunately I wouldn't have a job if that didn't happen all the time and Right.


Are you gonna quote unquote, is your 65-year-old self gonna be fine with this? Is your 70 year year old self gonna be fine with this arrangement when you look up and you got nothing? And he's 15 years older than me. So that is a concern. Yeah, because he is older. Yeah. 'cause so you, you, you've made peace with this arrangement that you don't love, but it just is. But you have a math problem that I hate. I I hate to say it like this 'cause it sounds cruel, but this math problem doesn't care about this arrangement. You've made peace with, you get a math problem ahead of you. Right? And if through this arrangement you've just decided this is gonna be a way, this is gonna be man, then you've got, like Jade is saying, you got years of work ahead of you.


'cause that's the only other way to solve this math problem. 'cause y'all aren't living a true partnership. And the hard part is, here's the thing, let me, I agree with what John is saying, but let me just back out just for a second. 'cause let's pretend that you're like, Jade, this is our arrangement. We don't, I don't hold your same values and I'm living with this guy. It works for us. Fine. What I would then say to you is, what's your plan? There's two things to think about. A is your, your name's not on this mortgage, your name's not on this. You don't know. Is he leaving the house to his former children? Is he leaving the hou Do you see what I'm saying? I just want you to make sure you're in a place to where if something happens with him and your housing situation should change that you're able to stand on your own two feet if you guys are not gonna get married and you're not gonna change the situation.


That's what I'm concerned about. I think he, You are totally right. He, I know the houses will not Go to me, so I'm pretty aware of that. Okay. My, my dad did put me on his house, but it's, it's an hour away and it's two hours from my job. So I do have, I will have a house someday. I mean that it, that is there. Here's What I don't want. I don't wanna depend on that. Yeah, exactly. And here's what I don't want, when, when people go into retirement, the, the, the line item that they need the most stability around is their housing. That's why we don't like folks renting, going into retirement. I want you to have something that by the time you retire, it's yours, it's paid for. Right? Which feels pretty impossible to do while you're living with old boy, right?


So you need to figure out what does this look like if we're living together, am I gonna be part owner of this thing? Do I need to have my own space? And he has his own space, but you've gotta create and solve for your own security going forward.


Most phone plans are like bad roommates, unpredictable, always asking for money, hard to get rid of and they never do the dishes. But Boost Mobile, totally different story. It's just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data, no contracts and no weird hidden charges. Just 25 bucks a month forever. That's right. The $25 price will never go up. And if you're still skeptical, I get it. That's why Boost Mobile offers a 30 day money back guarantee. So try boost. You'll love it. Or get your money back. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. Restrictions Apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY for details.


Thanks for hanging out with us on The Ramsey Show. We've got Candace who's in Charlotte, North Carolina. Candace, you're on the line. Hey y'all, how are you today? What Up? I am calling because I am looking to get some debts in a row to buy a house hopefully in the next couple years. And I've been debt free since 2018, but hoping to get manually underwritten through Xandr or another company like that. But recently looked at my credit score and saw that It is still there. It has dropped significantly, but it's at a 6 68 and I was just wondering how to get rid of it or how long does that take? Where did you check your credit score?


So Credit Karma actually sent me an email this week and they had two different scores. Listen from two different agencies. I'm gonna tell you right now, credit Karma plays games. First off, it's not real. Okay. I'm telling you, I'm gonna tell you a real, this is based on True Story. When my husband and I were going to buy our first house, we had paid off, all my debt was paid off and had been paid off for about eight months. And I was waiting and waiting for my credit score to drop to zero so we could apply for this no score loan. And I kept checking Credit Karma and it was telling me, yeah, my score was in the six 60 eights and it was offering obviously loan products to get your credit score up. Right. Don't you know when I finally went on like a real credit reporting agency and I looked to see like directly from TransUnion, Equifax, it was zero.


It actually was zero. But Credit Karma was reporting it as a low credit score so that I would engage in debt products. Oh wow. Well that's a relief. Yeah. So pay Thank you. Pay the 75 bucks or whatever It is and give your, I think it's Free. I think, I mean, when they pull it, isn't it like 75 bucks? You can Go to annual credit report.com and get free. You get it for free annual credit report.com and get 'em for free. Yeah. Yes. All Right. Will You get the real one and see what happens? And then if, if for some reason you still check and it's there, then really go through with a fine tooth comb and make sure and and find out what is it that's open. 'cause that means something is open somewhere. Okay, well I, well, according to Credit Karma, I checked and it shows that everything has been closed since 2018 and there shouldn't be anything else outstanding, but I'll check the other website.


Thank you so much guys. I appreciate It. Yeah, do it. Yes. I tell you what man, those, you have to remember those sites, the whole point of them is to make money selling a Dead product. Another, yeah. Another credit card or another personal loan. And they'll tell you, here's what we recommend in order to get your credit score up. Yeah, dude, I didn't know they could do that. That's kinda shady. Kind of Super shady. It's super shady. And by the way, you'll get your mortgage not through Xandr. Xandr does insurance products. You'll get it through Churchill Mortgage. Churchill. That's right, that's right. Very good. Alright. Jordan's in Dallas, Texas. Hey Jordan, how can we help? Hey, so I was wondering if it makes sense to buy a car I'd be paying off in cash. I'm following the rule that it's not more than half my income, but It is a going to be a Dodge Challenger and I drive a lot for work.


Are you concerned about the fact that it's a Dodge Challenger or the fact that you're just paying cash for it? I'm sorry, we're not trying to make fun of your car. I caught, I caught, Hey Jordan, I caught Cars. I've driven a Fiat and a Hyundai Elantra. This is my fun car now. Okay. Okay. So, And you know what you do? You ru what? What's it Cost? I, I heard, I heard a comedian recently say that, that actually Dodge Challengers are a part of a secret government program to identify those guys in every neighborhood. Exactly. You know, I'm trying to make it easier for them. There you Go. There you go. So what's it cost? Yeah, so it's gonna cost, depending on which one I get anywhere between, you know, 20,000 to 24,000.


Okay. I'm buying it used. I invest 15% of my income. You know, all that's kind of covered. But Are you already married? No, I'm not married. Yeah. See, I don't think anybody's gonna date you in this car. I'm just, that's a lie. Don't listen to John. I'm totally playing. Unless It's a bad color. What color Is, it's a lot of cars. You know, this was supposed to help out with that. No, bro. No. Get a truck. You're in Dallas, Texas, for god's sake. But hey, you do what? I'm serious. You do whatever you wanna do. It depends on the type of lady you're trying to attract. Okay. So here we go. You've got the 20, it's gonna be 20 to 24,000. You've got the cash to pay for it. You're out of debt. Yes. You're in baby step four. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Okay. So do you own a home?


No. So I've moved like six times in the last five years. So why? I wasn't gonna buy a house until I kind of settled down. Okay. And so I've, I have like a separate saving fund for house payment. And you've got three to six months of expenses? Yes. Yes. I have a little bit more than that. And how much is that? Yeah, so I have 30,000 for emergency fund, and then I have my down payment, like just in a s and p 500, about 46,000. My guy. Good job. Yeah, Bro, you're marry bull. Just get this car and vroom, vroom it. But Please get it in black. Don't get it in a crazy color.


No. Get it bright orange if you're gonna golf for it, dude, go for it, man. Go for It. Okay. Get some racing stripes on it. Oh Man. I just wanna tell you get a Camry, but you do, you man, you, you get your charger. Yeah. I mean, I, I think you've got it. You, you're doing everything right. You've got your emergency fund, 30,000, you've already got 46,000 in this house fund. I think 20 to 24 is a We didn't ask you though, how much is your income? 80 5K before bonuses. Okay. Yeah. Get your car, dude. I'm proud of you. I'm happy for you. That's great. Yeah. Good for you, man. And hey, I could tell he, he knows he's cool. He I like that dude. Yeah, I would.


Are you convincing yourself or No? No, no, no. Like, it's kinda like this, like back in college, like if I was like, Hey, do you like Seinfeld? And they're like, I hate that show. I just knew we weren't gonna be friends. Yes. That's Yes. Yes. And so normally if I'm somewhere and somebody cruises up and like a charger, they're charger, charger, we're probably not gonna hang. I like that guy though. I would wanna hang out with that dude. You know what I Mean? Yeah, I got you. It's like when somebody pulls up and it's just like, we're probably not gonna be friends. I just like, I can just probably tell. So Do you feel like you're only a friends with people who drive trucks? No. Goodness. No. Goodness, no. How do George, how do you feel about people who drive Cadillacs or Teslas? That's just say like, George drives like a, like a, a gen one Tesla that I've had to push down the highway? No, like, he's a great friend.


He might not wanna be friends with you Now since you roasted him. Orly. No, he knows. He, he knows he gets it. No, it's good on him, man. Okay, good on Him. So Sam and I were out, where were we? We were out this weekend and I saw a truck that looks like yours, and I said, oh, John just got a new truck. It looks just like that. He goes, oh. He goes, I didn't know he was that guy. I know, dude. Trust me, I'm struggling with that too. I'm like, I, I feel like you're this guy. I feel Like, no, I got suit you. I got, I did, I got a new truck and I got in it and it automatically adjusted for where I had said it last. And I was like, dude, I'm that guy. No, it's great. I'm Happy for you. I don't have to crank windows anymore. I just push a button and the window comes down the whole thing, Man. Well, that's been since like 1998, but Not in the cars I drive.


No, I'm still struggling. I'm struggling. So, Jordan from Dallas, I'm taking out my own insecurities on you, brother. I'm glad you're buying yourself a charger. Charge 'em up, man. Oh Man, I love this. Okay, so I'm just saying nobody in Fort Worth would drive that car. That's all I'm saying. All Right, go ahead, Dallas. Yes. All Right. Okay, so in that same vein, let's take this question of the day from the Ramsey Network app. Let's see, there's a couple of them here. Let's go with this one from Abigail. She says, why do you use the term fund money instead of allowance for spousal personal spending? Because my spouse isn't my child. Yeah. Listen, I wish Sam Warshaw would be like, here's your allowance.


If I said the words to my wife, Hey, here's your allowance. I would wake up and there'd, I'd be on a feeding tube somewhere. You Look like Rocky Balboa after Clubber Lang just Done. Geez. Oh gosh. Yeah. With the guy in the middle, like, yeah, yeah. No, because it's, yeah. 'cause we're not children. It's disrespectful. Yeah. And by the way, with all due respect and love and care, Abigail use whatever term you want to use, like you're all growed up. You could call it shenanigan money. You could call it singing and dancing. I don't you call whatever you want. Yeah, whatever. Whatever. I want money. Yeah, yeah. Whatever. Whatever. I want money. That's not your money. Like I, yeah. Don't, yes. Allowance. Allowance sounds like somebody is giving me something as a handout, somebody else giving it to me, not giving it to my, you know, Not me making an adult choice to, to we agree on this is what you're gonna spend, this is what I'm gonna spend.


We shake hands, we high five edge. We can call it whatever we want, but yes. Yeah, that's really where that ends. Fun money. Sounds fun. Allowance. Sounds like somebody put baby in the, the corner And nobody puts baby in the corner. Exactly. That's right. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I'm big on vocabulary when it comes to money. How we talk about things really matter. I I, you know, we talk all the time. If you're married, you say things like, we our us instead of mine, you yours. And it's the same thing with this. It, it really does matter the vocabulary that we're choosing. So in this case, I Think, I think in my, I, I have to go back and check. I think the line item that Sheila put in the budget is John's crap. I think that's what it says. That feels accurate.


I like that, man. I think that's what it says. I like Sheila. I need to spend more time with this woman


These days. Business as usual is anything but tariffs make trade policy a moving target. Supply chains are squeezed and cash flow is probably tighter than ever. So if your business can't adapt in real time, you're in a world of hurt. That's why you need NetSuite by Oracle. Trusted by more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions. You need to see what's happening, what's stuck, and what's costing you and how to fix it. And NetSuite is the number one cloud-based business management suite because it helps your business make the right decisions fast. It brings accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one place. So you're not left shuffling a dozen different spreadsheets that gives you the visibility you need to make quick decisions based on actionable data. And NetSuite AI automates everyday tasks so your team can focus on strategy. It's one system for full control and no guesswork to tame the chaos. And right now, if you're leading a business doing more than a million dollars in annual revenue, download NetSuite's free ebook, navigating global trade. Three insights for leaders at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Ronnie is in Knoxville, Tennessee. Ron A What's up? What's up? How you doing? Doing Good. How can we help today? I have a, I'm sorry, I'm a little emotional. You're good, Brother. That's okay. Ronnie, Forgive me. No, there's no forgiveness needed, man. We're with you, bud. I'm glad you called. I'm sorry. It's really hard to talk about. Yeah. What happened? I'm calling because my, my wife, But we haven married 25 years and she, like the day before Mother's Day, she come up to me and said that she didn't love me anymore and she wanted out of the marriage. Oh Man. I'm sorry.


And so here I'm today, I, I have to pick up the divorce papers. I was gonna pick up Thursday, and, and more than likely I'm gonna end up losing my home too because she's, I have a feeling I don't know what's gonna happen. The house is either gonna get sold or she's gonna buy me out. And I'm assuming she's gonna buy me out because she loves the house. And we have a 17-year-old, and so that's their home. And I, I don't know, I don't know what to do. I've got, as far as money for me, I've got like $36,000 to my name.


And that's money I saved up in savings and I was gonna use it. My, our plan was I was gonna use it to pay my automobile off and, and the job that I'm doing right now, I was gonna help my wife pay the house off early so we wouldn't have any debt before we retire. So This, This came out of the blue, you, you, you feel completely blindsided? Yes ma'am. How old are you, ma'am? I'm 57. Yeah, Dude, I'm so sorry, brother. I'm sorry.


Before you get into any big decision make making, before you start talking, I'm gonna have to do this and cash this out or whatever. This is gonna be a humble pill to swallow, but I don want you to exhale and not make any crazy decisions until you're actually looking at the paper in hand, okay? Okay. And do you have an attorney working with you? I'm attorney shopping right now. Okay. So I meet with one Friday. All Right. All Right. If you feel a sense of trust and a sense of partnership with this attorney, I'm gonna give you some language. It's really hard to hear, but this is just the, the, the most honest truth I can give you. Okay? Okay. If your wife has said, our marriage is over and papers are coming your way on Thursday, then you are entering out of a marriage into a business transaction.


Yes. Okay. And so you want to make the best business deal both for your 17-year-old and for you, and you wanna remain a person of dignity and respect towards your soon to be ex-wife. Okay? Okay. And we're gonna take care of that 17-year-old. And that might mean selling the house and a portion of the funds Go to like whatever. But y'all gonna have to figure that out. How you divide up retirement. That's what, that's what the attorneys are gonna do all that stuff. Okay? Yeah. And dude, there's gonna be all kinds of stuff about infidelity and questions and like years of your wife's text messages and emails are gonna come to light. So are years, all that mess happens unless y'all shake hands on a mediation.


But all that stuff's gonna get taken care of. I just don't want you cashing something out, going and selling a bunch of stuff. Like don't do any of that right now. Don't do anything until you actually have real facts in your hand. Hear me say this. Facts are your friend, not the stories you're making up in your head because you're scared and 'cause you're heartbroken. Okay? I, I can't afford a lawyer. Well, you can't afford not to have one. I know. Okay. It's gonna cost you five grand of that 36,000 or 10 grand of that 36,000. It's money well spent. If it's gonna save you half a million dollars against this house you have or $250,000 against this house you have. Yeah. And your retire, whatever retirement y'all have saved up.


She doesn't have any, I've got 18,000 of a 401k that I have from a previous job. That's All you got. And I was thinking then I was thinking of turning over on a cd. Nope, we're not turning, we're not doing anything. Not do that. Don't do that. No, you okay? Don't sit tight. Yeah, don't cash out anything. Okay. How many, how much other retirement do you have? That's it. That's all I got. Okay. So I'm gonna say something harsh, okay? Because I love you. I don only have a few minutes. You're broke, right? Yeah. Okay. So we're probably, we're probably talking about going to a a one bedroom apartment for at least a year while you let the smoke clear on this deal. Okay? And you got the cash to do that right Now if you, she ends up getting the house.


Well, what am I supposed to do with my truck payment? How have you been paying it? I've been taking it out of that $36,000. That's what you, Are you working, are you working fulltime? Yeah, I'm, I'm doing a, a small job. I'm doing a, I I remember you talking to somebody about doing Amazon Flex. Okay. I'm on the Amazon flex waiting list, but I'm also doing Spark delivery right now, bro. How long have you been doing that? How long have you been out of career work? Since March. And what were you doing before that? Before March? I was working at, I was working at Denzo Manufacturing. Will they give you your job back or they let you go?


I would love to go by there and see if I can't get my job back. I would go there today and if not, there you stop by Home Depot on the way home stop by Walmart on the way home. You gotta get a job. You gotta get several jobs. 'cause forget this, let's say your marriage was, was strong in ironclad, you're knocking on the door of 60 and you have no money. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. And I also think this is an mathematically, this is a very solvable problem. Okay? I don't want you to do anything drastic or anything like that, but you do gotta you gotta just get after it now. All Right? And by the way, this is gonna sound counterintuitive.


You're heartbroken right now, but having a sense of purpose every day when you wake up a thing to Go to will help your nervous system. It'll help your body immensely. Yeah. All Right. Yeah. Ronnie, let's talk about that car, your truck real quick. What do you owe on it? Oh, 34,000 on it. Okay. Do you happen to know what it's worth? Well, the dealership actually sent something in the mail wanting, wanting to buy it back from me for 27,000. So That's, well, we can't go by that. Yeah, they're low balling you this side of Sunday. They're not, That's not gonna happen. You, Your homework is to find out what that would be worth private sale, because I want you going into those negotiations with the idea that you're gonna sell that truck and use some of the 36,000 to get yourself a cash car.


You're not gonna do that today, but I want that to, to be part of your Would you do it today, John? I I brother? I might because, 'cause I'm, I I'm just saying mathematically, if you were still married and you called this show, that's true. You don't, you don't have a job. I would tell you sell that truck and take 10,000 of that 36,000 and go buy yourself a used F-150 or a used 2006 to Tundra. I pulled Yeah, I pulled the trigger on that. Yeah, because You can't afford the truck. You got, you don't have a job, man. And, and this, when this starts to go down and unravel, you're going to, you're gonna need every dime you can get your hands on. Yeah, I know it. But if you, if you went and sold that truck today, private sales, somebody will buy that truck on Facebook marketplace this weekend, especially where you live there in Knoxville, a good truck is, is always marketable.


And you took 10,000, you got 36,000 in the bank, you took 10 grand and went out self and bought yourself a truck that runs nothing nice, but something that runs Well, now you've solved two, you've killed two burns of one stone, and now you, you don't owe anybody anything. Well, the reason why I have this truck to begin with is I bought it back in 23 and I was driving my wife's Honda Accord that had, she bought it And we were dating, I, it had like 320,000 miles on it. And, and I was, I couldn't build a savings account because I kept, kept dumping out money outta the Savings. Right? But that's not gonna be this next truck, right?


Yes. Don't, don't put that on this next vehicle. This next vehicle is gonna be a nicer $10,000 vehicle. There's plenty of vehicles out there that's got a couple hundred, you know, hundred Thousand Miles on it. Run. It's gonna be great. My, my, my Cadillac's got 150 on It is just fine. The truck I'm selling to my son is got 200,000 miles and it's a great, great truck. Yeah, I've been driving it for years. Just Make sure. But here's the deal. Yeah. Get the infra. You're not, you're not in 2023 anymore. Your life just transformed, not by your hand, but in your lap. Get the Carfax on the vehicle, make sure you know what it's been through and make an educated guest there and, And let's go get two JOBS jobs this weekend.


Game on, brother. We're with you this whole way. Okay.


Rachel, the internet officially knows too much about all of us. So much, George. I mean, our names, our addresses, even our relatives names. And what's crazy is even if you opt out data broker websites can still get your info. Don't Like that. No. And just a year ago, get this, the average person had about 300 pieces of personal data floating around online. Now it's over 600. It is doubled in a year. You guys, that is so concerning because that info then can be used in phishing, scams, impersonation, and even harassments. That's why George and I both use and love delete me. Yes. Delete me. Scrubs your personal info from hundreds of these data broker sites. Not just once, but all year long. And there's real privacy experts behind the scenes doing this, not bots. So this is digital hygiene we all need, We all need it. And then they will send you a detailed report showing exactly where they found your data and what they removed. And you can even request custom removals if you have something specific you want them to look out For. Exactly. And this is not being paranoid. This is staying protected. And so far delete me has removed my info from 240 listings and saved me 94 hours of time. It would've taken me to do it. I love it. And you guys, in a world where strangers can Google your grandma and get enough info to scam her, and just two clicks delete me, gives you peace of mind. Yes. So Go to join delete me.com/ Ramsey for 20% off. And that discount brings their annual plans down to about nine bucks a month. So go check it out. Join delete me.com/ Ramsey.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi? Let's be real defaulted private student loans don't just go away magically on their own, but Why Refi will help you explore a low fixed rate loan based on your unique circumstances. So Go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. Remember, it may not be available in all states.


Alright. Today's question comes from Todd in Wyoming. Todd writes, my fiance and I have been together almost five years. She has student loans over 175,000 bucks and she earns $165,000 a year. She's working hard on paying off her loans. I make about 150,000 a year. I bought a house almost six years ago and have paid off nearly half the mortgage with around $250,000 in equity. My fiance wants her name added to the title and mortgage once we are married. Would that be a wise decision for me to add her name onto the paperwork? Interesting. I feel like this question is not about the question.


Nope, that makes sense. This Is about, I'm doing good with my money. My wife, the woman I'm about to marry is not so good with her money. Yeah. I mean, okay, so let's, let's back it out on, on in any normal circumstances, when there's trust and everybody's feeling good about combining finances, you know, the whole thing about adding someone to a mortgage, you can't do that unless you refinance. Right. And that's kind of a big deal, especially if you're one of these person people who had like a to 3% Six years ago, you got this, dude's got a low interest rate. Yeah, exactly. So I wouldn't necessarily do that today. You could easily add her to the deed and that way she's owner, She's an owner of the House owner. Yeah. And you can do that very easily. Now, if you were to, you know, let's say you get married and you never add her to the mortgage, you never refinance and you were to pass away, it's still gonna go straight to her.


She's, she would still be able to able to assume that mortgage. Yeah. We call, I called a mortgage professional and the professional said if somebody's an owner on the deed, but they're not, their name isn't on the mortgage. That doesn't matter when it comes to ownership. And if the person, if, if the husband, if you died in the situation, that's the one and only time you're her name would get moved to the actual mortgage if she wanted to keep the payments without a refi. Yeah. Now, So you'll Be all taken care of. Being able to afford It is a whole nother question. Right. There you go. But just being able to make that transition. But that being said, I don't really feel, I almost call you Ken. I don't really feel, John, that the question is about No, that I feel like he's more thinking like you said, she's got this debt and I don't, and I kind of don't know if I want to combine finances.


That's what it sounds like. Well, and so here's the deal. I think this is the way I would look at it, Todd, and, and check me on this, Jade if I'm wrong, Todd. Yes. I would add my wife the, the day after we get married, after my honeymoon, probably I would add my wife to as an owner of the house. Yes. Right. I put her name on the deed. No, absolutely. I wouldn't worry so much about refinancing, especially, I would not, you got this house six years ago, you probably got a good interest rate. But I want you to think about this. Y'all together make a little over $300,000 a year and y'all are gonna have $175,000 in student loan debt. Right. And y'all are gonna have to bust your butts and get this paid off.


You make 300 grand a year, you can get that paid off in two years and just move on with your lives. So that's the way y'all need to think about y'all's money. And if that makes you feel uncomfortable, then I would check myself before I wreck myself and get married. Listen, I agree with this statement. The only thing I disagree with is the y'all's. I, I'd say you guys, How about that? That's right. That's Texas versus Florida. It's all good. You people. All Right. We got Meredith in Hunts. Huntsville. What do you mean mean People? Meredith, what's going on? Hi James. John, Thank you for taking my call. My question is, can I afford tickets to a Dolly Parton concert or should I focus solely on buying a house?


And where is that concert? It is in Vegas. This is my kind of call, John. Okay. This is baby step nine A, which we don't talk about very much. And that is, if you can see Dolly, you go see Dolly, you always see Dolly, always see Dolly And always see her in Las Vegas. Oh, Perfect. Okay. I mean, maybe not always. Let's, let's roll it back. Listen, I wanna say yes no matter what, but I can't, so it, you said, should I do this or focus on a down payment? So I'm assuming that you are actually incorrectly on baby step three B, which would mean there's no other Debt. Can we check that green? Yes. No other debt. Okay. That would also mean that you have three to six months of expenses.


Can we check that box green? Yes. Okay. That would also mean that you have begun baby step four in some capacity or negative. Remind me what Step four, I'm Sorry. Investing, invest investing 15%. Have you started that yet? Oh, yes. Yes. Okay. So we can check that green. And then have you started anything towards the down payment or you're just thinking about it? Yes, I have probably about, well, 50,000 that I can put toward it. Of course, that's really including like any expenses, like closing costs, et cetera. Sounds like you're going to see Dolly Girl Get good tickets. Well, I Like that.


Get good seats. Yeah. Get Right up front. Who's going with you? I'm not sure yet. Probably family member or friend. If I can get them to Go to Vegas with me. Wow. It Should not be Hard. I love this for you. What's your income? You're doing great. What's your income? About 60,000. Wow. You've done so well. Thank you. Yeah, I'm proud of you. And really, the math problem here is this, when it all comes down to it, this might mean you buy a house in January instead of December after tickets, after plane rides, after hotels, it's gonna be a couple thousand bucks. And you're saying I would rather buy a house in January and have had this amazing experience before buying a house in December.


Right, Right. Yeah, I, and I, I'm definitely a saver, so I'll probably be trying to get it closer to a thousand dollars for all the expenses, but, but yes, definitely. Good luck. Yeah. Best of luck to you. Enjoy. I don't, you can see in Vegas for a thousand bucks, you've got Enjoy, must enjoy. Yeah. You've got the money. You said you got three to six months plus 50,000 saved. Plus you've been investing, Plus you don't owe anybody money. Go enjoy yourself. Enjoy. Have a good time. Where, which, what hotel are you staying in? Cosmopolitan? I don't know, but I know that the show is at Caesar's Coliseum. Okay, great. Don't stay at Caesar's. Those stay at the Cosmo. All Right. I like this call. I'm so excited for Meredith. That's great.


That's fun. Are you a Vegas person, John? If I'm going for a thing. Okay. So like me and Blake Thompson and, and Brian Williams had two guys who work here. We, we went down to see social distortion, my favorite. That was a, we had the time of our life. If people are like, let's just Go to Vegas. I'm not a fan really? I get burned out within 24 hours. Well, you can't stay long. I feel like three days is the limit. If I'm Going for a thing, then I love it. If gonna watch the fights or something, I love it. If, if I'm going just to like look around and stand in circles, I, I don't Care for Yeah, no gambling for you. No tables, no blackjack, I mean, no, I like, yeah, I do. I do. Got you. Okay. I do. That's why you gotta set a limit on it for sure. Oh Boy. Oh boy. Hey, this happened the last time I was there. So the concert, the social de concert has a big mosh pit and it's a big chaotic event.


And I was down in there and I had, I did, I, I had took a little bit of money to set on fire and I ended up sat by some guy who helped me out. And I had a silly, silly day at the blackjack table. Nice. But I was so over the top, which I know is hard for you to imagine. I was a little bit, a lot, somebody stops me in the mosh pit and they're like, Hey, there's that guy. And I was thinking they were talking about the show and I was like, yeah, what's up? I'm kind of cool. And he goes, that's that goofball from the, from the casino earlier. And I kind of made a scene. I never win anything. I think that's so fun. When people are winning and they make a scene or a table is hot. But Then, but then here's the deal. We all got to get t-shirts, got to pay for like breakfast and dinner.


Yes. It was a blast, man. So I, yeah, it was a good time. Oh Man. That's why are you, Are you a Vegas Person? Las Vegas, aside from going to the beach, that's my favorite trip. If I can go every year, I go every year. pH Yeah, that's my jam. Sam Warshaw and I, Good on you, man. Listen In the budget, Go to see Dolly Parton. Meredith go see Dolly Parton. I saw Bruno Mars in Las Vegas. Wait, no, I saw him in Miami. Who did I see in Las Vegas? Oh, you two. Oh. Was that pretty awesome? Oh my gosh. Did you Go to Sphere? Yes, I went to. You did? Yes. And, and and I, I heard that was a spiritual experience. It was, it was okay. I didn't have great seats. I sat in the wrong spot. But my memory from that is I passed Bono in the hallway and he said, what's up?


Did you say what a beat? I, it took me a moment. I was like, like, you know, you had that moment where you're like, I can't believe this is him. But Bono spoke directly to me. I could still just letting you know, feel. I could still feel the glow. I lifted off the ground a little Bit. James is in there weeping. He's like, bono never talked to me. Bon Look James, I don't feel like James cares about Bono. Are you kidding me? You know. Oh, do you care about the Edge? I Love Bono, but I was the edge would mean more to me if I saw him. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't see him. You know what, I think I feel the same way. I think I would, I mean I think you guys are both need to seek professional help immediately. Does, does you two not make your list? John, I love you two. I just think the edge makes jangly noises with tons of reers. No, Don't say that. Yeah, that's excellent. You're Kind Right.


This Has been The Ramsey Show


These days. The internet is chockfull of so-called investing advice from random goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


From the Ramsey Network app, it's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me again. Dr. John Delony continuing to take your calls. It is a live show. So if you call in, you're talking to us live in the moment. How about that? We got Linda, who's in Fort Worth, Texas on the line. What's going on Linda? How can we help today? Hey you guys. I am am in credit card debt. I pay about a third of my net income in credit card debt. Holy smokes. And I'm wondering Yeah, I know it wasn't intentional. I, from the beginning of 2024 to two to the end of 2024, I, my job changed and I got like over a $30,000 pay cuts.


Okay, so what are you making now? And so it was an an, so now I currently make 46,000. However, I'm a teacher. So starting in September, my new job I should be making about 52. Okay. 53, something like that. How do you not Know in September? How do I not know? Because, so I know my base pay, but I'm teaching English and there's stipends according, there's stipends with that. So we don't know what the stipends are. They should be about $5,000. But I used to get a stipend schedule. But you may have to call central office. Are you, are you with Tarrant County? Who are you with? So I'm actually, I live outside of Fort Worth.


I'm in Greg County. Okay. I, I would, if you haven't already, I would call 'em just for the peace of mind just to see what the, what the stipend schedule is. Yeah. For that. That's worth that, that un that not knowing. 'cause that's 500 bucks a month, right? Yeah. Yes It is. That's a lot of extra money on an annual basis. I would, I would just reach out and call 'em 'cause they'll have, they should have a schedule that, that should already have been voted on and everything. Right. So yeah. So they just sent out like two weeks ago what the pay scale's gonna be. So I know I'm getting a $2,000 rate for sure. It's just the stipends that they haven't sent out yet. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay.


So we think it's gonna be 52 in September. That's what I'm, Yes. Okay. So the problem here is the credit card debt. Is there other debt to speak of? So I do have a student loan, which I don't, I only pay like $40 a month on that, which I know that's right now, that's like not a major issue for me right now. It will be, and I know It is. Yeah. What's the total amount of it? But It's the 53,000 I would call that a issue. Student loan. So we've got the student loan, we've got the student loan, we've got the credit card debt. What is that total? $25,742.


Okay. And then what else? Any vehicles. And then I owe a family member about 7,000, which they said, don't worry about it, I'm worried about it. It's on my list, it's going to get paid back When they said, don't worry about It, is that, hey, this was a gift. Truly don't worry about it. Or was it, hey, it's still a loan, but you don't have to worry about paying it right now. It's a loan. You don't have to worry about it. If I don't pay it back, they're not gonna be upset with me. Like, there's not gonna be any problems. But they don't, they're, they're not rich. So $7,000 to them was a significant amount of money. How long have you, how long ago did you borrow it? About six months ago I had a plumbing issue.


Okay. That obviously, I mean, I can't even pay my bills right now. Like I go into debt every month right now. Do You have a, do you have a summer job? I do. So I taught summer school, which I just finished last week. Great. And then I do visitations for CPS, like parent child visit. Fantastic. Cool. Good. Okay. So yeah. So we've got student loans, credit cards, family loan, any auto loan, anything else we should know about? Oh, thank God my car is paid for. Great. Yes. I'm happy about that. And are you currently working, are you using a budget every month? I do. I do. Good. So right now bills not including food.


My bills are $3,200. Okay. And I make $3,188. Okay. So where's the overage going? Yes. So I have a mortgage, which is 1433, and then I pay 9 55 in credit card. And that's just my minimum. And then that leaves me about $800 for general bills and, and some food. Okay. But you said, I thought I heard you say that your bills are 32 and you bring home 31. They are, yes. So where's the extra 31 88. How, what do you do to cover the extra?


Is that going on credit cards actively? Yes. Okay. So there's, yes, it's okay. This is good. This is good. We're, we're finding the source of the issue. So I say this all the time, and I'll say the same thing to you, Linda. You can't solve a problem while simultaneously creating it. Okay? Yes. So debt is your problem. So at some point you're gonna have to cut this thing off at the source and say, I just, the first step in solving this is you have to become a person who doesn't borrow money. Otherwise it's all for not, like what's the point of paying and working so hard to, to scrap, to pay these things off if you're actively borrowing against your own efforts, right? Yes. So today, because here's what's gonna happen, you're gonna put yourself in a position of survival when you do that.


Yeah. Correct? Yeah. And you're gonna say, okay, I must now I must make changes before I kind of had the option, you know, just in case if I don't, I still know I have this credit card here. Right. But now when you cut that credit card up and you know it's not an option, now it's like, oh my gosh. It's, it's it's game time. I gotta get in here and make some real moves. I have to earn money, I have to make this happen. I have to cut back in other areas. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So that's what I would say is numeral uno. A lot of people miss that step. And it's, it's a costly one. So let's draw that line in the sand today. That's your homework piece of number one. And then number two, now we're just solving this like any other equation. And John, It is the same two factors.


Every time you gotta get money in, you gotta get more, more and more money coming in. And you've got to get tighter about the money going out. That is always gonna be the solution to these problems. And it's not easy. But what else could you do to find money for the rest of the summer? And what else can you do to find more money when the school, when school starts up in September. So I'll continue doing my visits when school starts. Right now I'm currently, so my original job was with the government. So I'm in an alt cert program for teaching. So right now I'm, I'm like in college this semester or this Summer. Sure. I've been there. I that's exactly what I did my office. Yeah. And honestly, I love teaching.


I have, and I have equity in my house. I was blessed with like right now, life is so freaking good. Yes. But That, That's, you're The problem. Yeah. You're, you're drowning hun. Yeah. Well, no, I mean, I'm not spending, yeah, I'm sorry, go ahead. But you called in because you make 3,100 and you spend 3,200. Yeah. So that's still a problem. Yeah. There many things can be true at the same time, right? Like life can be good in a lot of other areas, but financially your life is not good right now. But Here, here's what I want you to do. Several simple things. I want you to get on the phone today with Xandr and check all of your insurances. Okay? I want you to cut every single solitary streaming service you have all of them.


Okay? Because what you're trying to do right now is find 150 bucks a month just to break even, Steven. Yeah. Everything. And you have to tell all your friends, I can't eat out anymore. Yeah. And that means when you're going to do a home visit, you pack a, a ham sandwich to go with you. Now I don't know anything about this home business visit. Yeah. What, what do you making on those home visits per visit? Not very much. I only make $15 an hour. Then I think you gotta find a better side hustle. Yeah. Make 20, 25 bucks an hour tutoring English or math at the local school, you're gonna make more money doing that. Yeah. That's, that's what this amounts to. I know that you're burning the candle at both ends. I know that you're out there trying to do work, but you then have to say, Hey, is this worth the time I'm putting into it?


Or can I find something that I can make more per hour so that I can get this thing right side up and actually start making progress on this debt? Instead of minimum payments, you'll be paying minimum payments forever if you don't change this.


Buying and selling a home is a big deal. And you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the right deal at the right price. That's why we only recommend Ramsey Trusted Real Estate Agents. They're handpicked pros who know their stuff. Listen to your needs and have your back from the first call all the way to closing day to find a Ramsey trusted agent near you. Visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


We tell you all the time that we would appreciate it if you would like and subscribe and even share the show that's so important to us.


And you guys have been doing that. So number one, Thank you so much for doing that. It makes a huge difference for us. And obviously it makes a huge life change for the folks who are able to view the show. But if you wanna get a little bit more savvy about it, we built something very special. It's called the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist. And this will help you help those folks that you're sharing the show with. Okay? It's free, it's an easy to share Playlist that really covers all the basics for someone who's really just getting involved with the Ramsey plan. Okay? So on that channel, there are clips on what the baby steps are, how to pay off your debt using the debt snowball, how to build an emergency fund and a whole lot more. So this is what you wanna share. And here's how you do it. You click the link at the top of the show notes to open the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. And then from there you could just text it, you could DM it, you could send it in a group chat or just say, Hey, I found this for you. And it might help, right? So if you're listening to this on the radio, we've got the Playlist fit featured at the top of our YouTube channel. So you can find it there as well. And just remember, it's one share. This is one step that could help somebody change everything in their life. Okay? So it's so, so important. And that's all there is to it. Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist.


All Right. Emma in Des Moines, Iowa is up next. What's up Emma? Hi. Well, I'm wanting to know how I can deal with my own debt while going into a marriage without pulling my fiance down. And he is in a really good spot financially, so I don't wanna, you know, ruin the relationship. I know finances is number one reason for divorce. So. Sure. Have you guys talked about this? Does he know about your debt? Yes. Okay. It's one of the first things we talked about. Great. How much is your, how much do you owe? It's only about 12,000 in credit card debt. I don't have any student loans. I don't have any car payments.


Okay. So it's just the credit cards. And you're done with using credit cards? I'm trying to be, I've switched jobs. I had to move towns to move in with him and then that caused me to have to switch jobs. So I was out of work for about a month or so. He pays for a lot of the stuff 'cause he makes a lot really good money. Okay. But I'm still on the lower end. Okay. Learning wise, Listen, I'm 100% about paying off debt for anybody. Single, married, engaged to be married. I'm always looking though for a change in behavior because that's what's gonna make this thing stick.


Right? It's like doing, otherwise, it's like doing a crash diet to lose weight and you never get to the core issue and you immediately put the weight back on 'cause you keep eating nachos, right? Like it's that same thing. And so for you, yeah, the core issue is you're utilizing credit cards instead of doing whatever it takes to make sure that you're really in a secure place financially. So you could pay off this debt, but if you hit a hard time again, you're gonna fall right back to credit cards. And I don't want you to do that. So similar to the last call, there has to be that switch that flips that you say, this has been causing me heartache and pain. I'm not gonna do this anymore. And are you and your fiance, do you, is that gonna be the move going forward?


What's his, what's his thought about debt? Well he is, Like I said, he's in a really good spot financially. It's not what she asked. What does he think about debt? Well, he wants to get it paid off, but he also knows that, you know, going forward we want to start like a real estate business. So he knows that you sometimes have to go into debt to make money being like interesting like buying a rental property. Obviously you have to go into a little bit of debt to get the property, but then you earn it, you know, earn it back. Okay. He's, he is definitely the more financial savvy person out of the two of us. I don't know about that. Yeah. That makes him unsavvy.


So here's what I, here's what John and I wanna do. We are gonna gift you financial peace university because I think that you both could benefit from more financial literacy, right? I think you're just seeing he has, he seems to have more money in the bank. He's better with money. I have a little bit of debt. I'm terrible with money. When really I think you guys are both young and it's so important to really learn how money works, how debt works, is it necessary, is it unnecessary? All of those things. Things that I know, I don't know John about you, but I wish I had known it when I was first getting my start. It would've changed everything. So we're gonna make sure you have financial peace university, we're gonna make sure you have EveryDollar.


And to answer your initial question, yeah, I would work really hard to pay off this debt, Emma. But the, again, remember the point of paying off the debt is because you've said this is a negative thing for me. This is stealing my paycheck. It's, it's stealing my joy. It's making life frustrating when I have transitions between jobs, right. Because now I gotta pay my debt and I lost my job. Yeah. So remember that and remember that debt is not your friend. So that after you pay it off from here on out, we set this foundation to where yeah, we can use our cash. We've saved up money If there's an emergency, we use the money that we've saved. If we'd like to purchase something, we save up the money to purchase it, even if it's real estate.


And so I just want you to remember this moment and remember this call going forward. 'cause I think you guys are gonna pay off this debt and I think you're gonna go on to have a great marriage, but in two seconds with real estate you could pile up another 500,000 like that. Yeah. And think how that would feel. Yeah. And, and, and now you were for when we go ahead. Our wedding is August 30th Okay. Of this year when we get married combining finances. How do we, how, like how do we do that? I'm not really sure. That's a good question. So the the practical side of It is you're gonna have a checking account and that one checking account is gonna be the one that both of your paychecks go into and that both of you have access to.


And in that one checking account, that's gonna be the one that you link to your budget. And so that's the one that you can say, okay, we're forming our budget based on this checking account and this is how we're spending that money. Then you guys are both gonna have a savings account. And that savings account is gonna be where your a thousand dollars baby, step one emergency fund goes. It's gonna be where your three to six months of emergency fund goes when you get to that step. And that's gonna be that. And then from there on, you know, if you decide you need another extra savings account, once you get beyond three to six months of expenses, you can do that. But the point is, from here on out, everything is done in full transparency together. You're both on the accounts. Nobody has a side account over here for a rainy day that the other guy doesn't know about.


Nobody's taking out debt that the other person doesn't know about. So that's kind of the practical side of it. But John, I mean obviously there's a emotional component to it as well. Yeah. And this is the money fights that you've, you've heard that, that, that phrase that you mentioned at the beginning of the call, like money fights are the big fight that breaks up relationships. It's not about owing $12,000, it's about something in your relationship dynamic makes you feel so less than because you have $12,000. It's, it Yeah, It is. I'm gonna work really hard. We're gonna pay this 12,000 bucks off. We get married, we get one checking account and one person says, I'm not putting my money in one checking account. Are you crazy?


I get my money. You get your money. That's a money fight. Or Hey, we got and we've, we got everything paid off. We've Had the conversation that I wanna borrow a million dollars for two rental homes. Like that's money fights that breaks up marriages and relationships. Yeah. Yeah. And we've had the conversation that it's not your money or my money, it's our money. Perfect. Good. Once, once we're married. Yeah. I think I just have a hard time with guilt, feeling like I'm taking advantage of him because he is got like over 600,000 of assets and a death sense. He's talked to a financial planner. He has like a financial planner. Right. Okay. Listen, Listen to me very carefully to He's not better than you.


Yeah. Okay. He's not better than you. He might know more about a thing. My wife is was when we got together, was a world class elementary school teacher. She became nationally renowned for, for childhood literacy. You know what I know about childhood literacy? Almost nothing. Yeah. And I sit with people whose lives are falling apart. That's not what she does. Neither of us are better than the other person. All of our money goes into the same account every month. And we work, we go from there. And so, yeah. It's you not coming into this marriage. And if he makes you feel this way, you need to have this conversation before you get married.


And if he tells you every day, I love you and I can't wait till we're married and you're bringing this in, I want you to go talk to somebody, talk to our friends at BetterHelp. Okay. But you've gotta talk to somebody to, to work on that idea that he's so much better than me. He's smarter than me. He's a better partner than me. And I'm just kind of this, this dead weight.


Yeah, this dead weight being pulled behind the car. 'cause I'm bringing 12,000 bucks in. No, not at all. He picked you. You picked him. Give your head high.


Does having more money and less stress sound nice, but feel impossible? Well, in my brand new book, breaking Free From Broke, I share my story of going from Broke to Millionaire and exactly how I did it. You'll learn about the money traps and cultural lies out there designed to keep you brainwashed and stressed out from credit card schemes to mortgage myths, to investing traps. So if you're not where you wanna be financially, I can help you finally get ahead. You can get breaking Free from Broke today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com Slash store.


All Right, everybody. If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where the heck all your money's going, the first step is getting on a budget. I've said it before, I'll say it again. And good thing, our team is hosting a free budgeting training this month. Honestly, every month they do this. You'll learn a step by step system, a how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar, our budgeting app. Plus, you can get your biggest questions answered in the live q and a. Trust me, it's so worth it, but spots are limited. So sign up for free today at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


And hey, there's one more thing. Two weekends right now are on sale for the money and Marriage Getaway. Rachel Cruz, me and several of our friends spend three incredible days here in Nashville, Tennessee with you and your spouse, learning about tools to strengthen connection, talk about intimacy, talk about sex. We talk about your money, we talk about every thing. It's all new stuff. This year, we rewrite this every year, And we have events on sale for November and for Valentine's Day weekend. And we can't wait. Listen, early bird pricing is available right now. Tickets are 749 bucks per couple. You will not find better prices. Wow, that's really good for a marriage retreat for three days in Nashville. And we have some new surprises for everybody this year. Get your tickets for the lowest price before they end. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash getaway or click the link in the show notes. These events sell out every year and they're a blast. So make sure you get your tickets. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash getaway. Yes, that is correct. Actually, I think it's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash what? It was up there Getaway. It wasn't getaway, it was events, I think. Oh, I think it, it's just double check It. Is it the same thing? Okay, try both of 'em. Type 'em both in. You'll get their Eventual, just click on the link in the show notes. YouTube or the podcast. There you Go. I like that.


Go to the Utes Lake, Rebecca, salt Lake City Utes. That's funny. Yes. What's up Rebecca? Hi. So I, my husband passed away and, and left me a $4 million investment account that I have no idea how to run, to be honest. He took care of all the finances and yeah, I'm just, I'm, it's a steep learning curve. I'm learning, doing a lot of reading, but the problem I'm coming up on is that people have sort of come outta the woodwork asking me for money and help. And I've always had a hard time saying no to people.


Yeah. And you know, so I am, I'm just having a really hard time navigating like all the, the learning curve of learning how dividends work and investments work on top of, you know, people coming to me and saying, Hey, I need four grand here. Who are, who are the people? 10 grand there? Who are these people? So I, I grew up really poor. I have 10 siblings. Okay. So it's family, my mom, a couple friends, but I guess my husband was always a buffer because it was his money. It was never my money. Yeah. Hey, do do me a favor.


When did he pass away? In May. May. Wow. That's What was his name? His name was Oscar. Pretty awesome guy. Yeah. You miss him? Yeah. Yeah. I'm so sorry. Yeah. He is my best friend. Yeah. Here's, here's Jay's gonna walk you through the money part of this. Here's the, here's my rule of thumb, no matter what. Okay? The first thing I want you to do in some of these, as you get these, we're not doing anything with this money for six months. Okay?


Unless they mail you a check and they liquidate stuff, we're leaving them stuff where It is. There's no pressure here. Okay? Yeah. The second thing is, if anybody calls you within a month and a half of your husband's passing asking for money, they are declaring themself unfit for any sort of support that callousness and lack of care and compassion for you and your grief is, is it's hard for me to even wrap my head around. And I spend my time working with people who don't know how to handle grief. Well, that's, that blows my mind. Okay? Down the road, I want you to always keep in mind this idea.


When you spend money, when you give money, I want you to sometimes close your eyes and imagine Oscar's sitting right next to you. And is he nodding his head with a smile or is he shaking his head no with that? With that old Oscar smirk on. Okay. Yeah. How are we gonna be a best steward of the resources he left you to live on the rest of your life? Yeah. Okay. But we're not gonna do anything right now.


Jay, tell her about the smart vest. Sit, sit with somebody. You don't need to be, you don't need to be researching dividends on your own right now in the middle of all this grief. No. What, what you do need to be thinking about is kind of a amassing a team of helpful humans that can help you walk through this. If I were you, I'd, yeah, I'd want a tax professional. I would want a smart investor. I would want just an attorney just to be on my side, just somebody I know I can call if something pops up, You're hiring buffers is what you're doing. And they're the people who are helping you think through these things from all sides. The good news is you can find all that on Ramsey Solutions dot com. We can help you with the tax professional, we can help you with the, the smart investor and you know, we can even kind of put you on the right trail maybe to help you find a, a lawyer in your area.


But it doesn't change what John said. Nothing's happening in the next six months to a year. That money's just gonna sit there. My guess is, are you drawing some sort of an income from it already? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I, I am. So my husband was retired and so we lived off, but it was, it's a bigger estate than what I inherited. He, he, he split it 50 50. It was about $20 million estate. Okay? So I, I own a home that's paid for, I own two cars that are paid for. I have no debt. Got it. And then a $4 million, a $4 million investment account that I live off the dividends.


But I've had people tell me like they're, they've said you should just get a job. Like that's what you need to do now is just get a job. But, Well, let's talk about, But I've got a five year, I've got a 5-year-old daughter. And so I'm like, you know, I was a stay at home mom, so like my life's just been flipped upside down. And people are, I mean, I had one person say, well, a good nanny solves everything. And I'm like, but I gave up my, I gave up my career. Don't listen. I gave up my career to raise my daughter. So I don't feel like it's irresponsible. It's not, not To live, not listen. You get to live your life. You get to live your life the way you wanna live your life. And there's a lot of haters out there that wish they could make the choices that you're gonna have the freedom to make.


And a lot of times people say things out of their own emotion, Their uncomfortable, right? Their own uncomfortableness, their own, what they wish they had, whatever. I can't comment too much on that, but I can comment on, you have the freedom to do what you want to do. And in this season, if you wanna stay home and take care of your five-year-old, you have the freedom to do that. And if you decide that that's, you're gonna do that till she's 18, you can do that. And then if you decide, hey, there's some things I wanna go out and pursue, you can do those things as well. So I think what I'm hearing the most, John, is a lot of these outside voices trying to kind of creep in and tell you what you need to be doing and how you need to be living your life. And Here's your stock answer. Yeah.


I'm not doing anything till after the new year. I'm making no decisions. And That's not financially irresponsible. No. God no. For what? You have $4 million in a paid for house And it that stuff is on it's, it's on. Set it and forget it. 'cause you're drawing the dividends on it. You likely don't need to move anything. And when you sit with a smart investor pro, they're gonna say, Hey, everything's gonna be fine right now. Let's exhale, let's get through the grief. And you, like, most people are realizing how much, how much paperwork there is, how much filing. Right. There's a whole like a job to do after somebody you love passes away, right? Yeah. Not to mention you're clearly having to grieve alone because the vultures started circling like two days after the funeral was over.


You don't need any of those people in your life. And I'm telling you this as someone like, listen, you're gonna have guilt 'cause you didn't grow up with very much. Right? And you're gonna have brothers and sisters calling you like, well you, you need to all that nonsense. They don't get a vote. I want you to repeat that line in your head. They don't get a vote. And if somebody pressures you, you, you need to be, listen, I'm not doing anything until 2026 right now. I'm gonna get through this fall this summer, I'm gonna get through this fall semester. I'm gonna grieve, I'm probably gonna see a counselor. I'm gonna meet with some professionals to deal with this estate. I'm not getting a job. I don't need to get a job. 'cause my husband set us up. Amazing. I gave up my career.


So man, we're so grateful that you're with us. We'll be with you every step of the way. You, you hang in there, okay. Scripture in quote of the day, Matthew 6 34, 1 of my favorites.


Don't worry about tomorrow because tomorrow will worry about it itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own. On first grant glance, that kind of sounds kind of sad, but it actually is very helpful to just take it one day at a time Because that's the only thing you can control. Yeah, For sure. Well, Jordan Peterson said, if you fulfill your obligations every day, you don't need to worry about the future. All Right, I'll take it. Listen, I don't just take it as it must be wise 'cause someone said it. I like to think about it and marinate on it for a minute. Absolutely. And see if it really is wise. Okay. Connor's in Houston, Texas. What's up Connor? Hey tone. What's up Connor? Hey, not much. How are you guys Doing?


All Right. So I think I may be one of the few where we're thinking about taking some of the credit card debt that we've built up over a couple years and consolidating that under a heloc, which I understand is a popular topic. You're one of the few who, what, It may be a good idea for me particularly just with the context, but obviously I'm here for y'all's opinion on it. I would love to hear why you are the, the unicorn. You Are, you are an Astros fan, ask wife, which of course makes you a unicorn. But I want to know what makes you a unicorn in this mathematical situation.


Yeah. So just a little bit of context. I'll be quick. You know, 30 years old, married, no, no car loans. We've owned our home for about five years. I'm a commercial real estate broker, kind of in my third or fourth year starting to make pretty decent money. You know, it's a tough kind of sled up for those first couple years. And we racked up about $32,000 in credit card debt. Holy smoke, some of that. Yeah. Some of that was kind of emergency stuff on the pet side and just kind of Okay. Kind of limp. Kind of limp. Oh yeah. It's a long story.


The pet Side. What is the pet side? Fido needed a, Is it Fido? Fido needed a root canal. Fido, Fido almost died And Oh bro, how much did you spend? I just gotta know. Oh boy. All in all, it was about 12 grand. It's about $12,000 and it was kind of in for a penny and for a pound. But yeah, What does that, what does that, I'm heard What does that, how poetic, what does that mean? Well, you know, we, he had trouble breathing And we kind of checked him in to the emergency room, which was unbelievably expensive, you know, on oxygen.


So the first night was five grand. They did a test to figure out what was wrong with him and pretty much found the cure of, of what we need to do in terms of antibiotics. And so, you know, you're in, you're in $7,000. Yeah, Just like that, Right? And it's like, okay, well I I know the cure. I'm not gonna let him die. How Old is Fido? He's nine. Nine. Okay. What kind, just, I'm curious now we're curious. What kind of breed is he? What is he A mutt? You know, a lab kind of mut. Big, big muscular dude. Okay, so, so here's what we've derived. You guys kind of have this thought that if something pops up, we can put it on the credit card.


And that's gotten you $32,000 of debt. And now the thought is, hey, this feels like a lot to deal with it. Let's just sweep it under the rug and buy under the rug. We mean, roll it into a heloc, roll it into the mortgage To some extent. I mean, I think it, we just, you know, we think it's a more efficient use of the capital. Here's the point. Come on man. You're like, you're like a chat GBT in these words. It's a pound of flesh for a penny of a pony with a frog on a horse in a box of farts to do. Whatcha talking about? What do you mean? Like use of capital? Well, let me, let me explain it. So I I just doing rough math.


You know the, the interest rates on these credit cards just like 25% right? Are our minimum monthly payment across three cards is roughly $800. I get it. And again, the Plan is, Connor, I get it. You're now, now you're talking math. Yeah. But if you cared about math, you wouldn't have put 12,000 on a credit card if you cared about math. You wouldn't have accumulated 32,000 on credit cards with high interest rates. Do you see what I'm saying? So now that it serves your purpose of moving the debt, not paying it off, but moving it. Now we're starting to do math. Do you see what I'm saying? So I, I, yeah. So I wanna just that I'm just making the call out.


What I really would say as your, as your buddy and as your two best friends that you called in to talk to on the radio, the best solution here. The debt is the problem. Let's just pay it off. You said, you know, you're, you're moving on up in the real estate game and you're starting to make some, some good money. What's your, what's your income? You and your wife combined This year? It'll be 230,000. My god. Are we talking paid this off? It's done. It's done in six months. No, it's Done in three months. Which is the plan. I think the caveat here is we wanna maintain some liquidity just from the typical No you don't.


No you don't. You wanna keep your lifestyle as it It is. Yes. That's it. You wanna keep going out, you wanna keep gonna to stross games all summer and you don't wanna pay the piper, you Gotta pay this man, Bro. It's, you're talking three months. Yeah, I agree. Listen, I promise you, I promise you, you are gonna put this on a HELOC and your air conditioner's gonna go out in the end of August and y'all are gonna be right back where you started. And now that you have an off ramp, you're gonna be like, Hey dude, we can just exit here and you're gonna take that off ramp again. I promise you, if y'all suck it up and blow a summer paying off these last bills, you will get in that muscle memory, which is we will never borrow money ever again.


Which means actually you're gonna spend, like Jade said, six months. 'cause you're gonna put three months worth of retained earnings or in your words, capital in an account so you can serve as your own bank so you never pay interest again. Yeah. Do you guys have any money saved making that income? Yeah, I, we, I just hit my goal of like six months of cash, so about $40,000 and then we have a good nest egg in the stock market. Okay. Today. Pay it off Like that today, Connor. Debt Free today. Pay it off. Okay. I I got, I got it. We have, we have our math whiz here on the phone though. So how much are you making on this? 40 grand? The 40 grand is in the, in the bank account right now.


How Much are you making on with taxes? Is it in a high yield? No, it's just in a, in my checking account percent. Okay. If we're, if we're doing math, you're, you're borrowing that money at 30% or 27% Yeah. Against those credit cards with you? Yeah. And even if, even if you pay it off and roll it into your mortgage, what's your mortgage at right now? Exactly. About $1,200 a a month. I mean, it's really low. No, what's your, what's your A PRR, your Interest rate, bud? Oh, just about 3%. Okay. So you're borrowing money from in the ca in the bank at 3%. Yeah. That's bad math.


Yeah, You have the money, you Guys, you got it. Pay it off and you're gonna have 10 grand left over cash. You'll have that back in two months And now you're not paying a credit card payment. So how quickly could you stack back up that savings? Two months? Yeah, Just like That. Relatively quickly. But you know, we get, I get paid every two months, every month, every Six months. Why do you not wanna be debt free? Yeah, Why do you, Why do You Yeah, I think we're asking the wrong questions. Jade, why do you love a HELOC so much? Why do you think, you know what, I'm gonna put my house on the block a second time. I think I just, when I, the plan was to have it paid off by next year this time, you know, June of next year, and like have a plan.


You have the money, But why would you have, why would you meander through this debt at such a slow pace when you can do it literally immediately and you could go on your phone right now and pay it and pay it in the time that we're on this call and You still have $10,000. I think it's just PTSD of two years of making no money and getting to my goal of having that cash and it's sitting near, I know all are saying, I mean, it, it's a blanket. Just pay it off. It's a warm blanket and it's burning. It's a warm blanket. We get that. Yeah, totally get it. Yeah. I, you know what I like, we tell people when you're getting outta debt to go down to a thousand dollars, every time I tell somebody that, yeah, it's painful is that it's painful. Like it gets my heart rate up.


'cause I remember those days and it makes you work like a maniac to get it paid off and to never borrow again. And it's then the math is gonna check out for you, Connor, because right now you think you have 40,000 but you only have 8,000 and You're loaning the rest of it out at for, and you're paying 30% on it or 27% on it. So you're not living in reality right now. You think you have 40,000 minus the debt. You really only have 8,000 to your name. That's yours anyway. So you might as well suck up the truth of that and pay the debt Off. Pay it Off homie, and then stack up your money and actually have $40,000 of debt that's Not pay off. Pay it off, pay it off, pay it Off, pay it off, pay it off, pay it off. You'll like Fido a lot more if you're not paying that off for a year.


That's a good word. John.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money.