
Well, welcome to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in your life. We're gonna specifically help you win with your money, win in your professional journey, and win with your relationships. Phone number for you to jump in so we can coach you up is triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, joined by the incomparable George Kamel. He's layered up, he's got his, his shack, it unbuttoned, so he's a little looser today. And so that tells me you're ready to go. I really thought you were gonna say the incompetent George Campbell. Now, why would I do that? You are very competent. It's What Ken wanted to say in his head. Not true.


He said the kind thing Instead. That's not true. Everybody knows how much we love each other. We enjoy being on the air together. We have a good time. We were just having a fun conversation before the show today, which, you know, we can't share. That's true. That was a very fun conversation. You Won't be privy to That. You'll not be privy to that. Let's go to Richie, who starts us off this hour. Richie's in Raleigh, North Carolina. Richie, how can we help? Hey, hi. Pleased to talk to you guys. I have over a half a million dollars of debt. Most of it, I would say 90% of it is actually my home. I, I was in a very lucrative job for almost seven to eight years, but after listening to your podcast, I, I came to a conclusion that I haven't saved enough, but I saved enough to put a deposit in a house and I've been jobless for about eight months now and I've basically exhausted all of my savings.


In fact, this month I will be taking out the, the a thousand dollars that I had kept for my emergency fund towards the mortgage. Apart from that, I have a car that I have to pay around 500 more than $500 every month. And, and I'm at a point where I've already started borrow money from my friends and relatives. And so I've kind of, I'm in a, you know, big deep trouble, And I, don't know if I should sell my house, which I know in a few years from now will give me a lot of equity because this is a growing area. It's in the suburbs of Raleigh Point. Yeah.


Richie, lemme jump in. Richie, lemme jump in for just a second. J and George will walk you through the debt situation. What was the income and what were you doing before you lost the job? So I am on the business side of software engineering. I am a product manager. Okay. And my salary fluctuated between $110,000 to $130,000 a year. Okay. So product manager and, and on the technology side of things. And you've been without work for eight months. What's happening there? Because I, I I think you've got an income issue is the primary issue. So I. Just wanna dig here.


What, what in your mind is the reason why you've been jobless for eight months? I believe it's the job market right now. I know a lot of organizations are, you know, laying off people black and blue. I know many people who have graduated and still haven't been able to secure a job. Yeah. And they've been jobless for more than a year now. Okay. And so Have you had opportunities, have you had any interviews? That's what I'm looking for. What, what, what's your activity level? I have been applying to at least 50 companies a day on an average for the past. How, how are you going about that? Basically in our job scenario, we basically tap people on LinkedIn.


Yeah. And might from other job sites. Richie, I don't wanna, I don't want to, I do not wanna beat up on you when you're down because this is, this is, we know from psychology that when you lose a job, it has the same emotional impact as losing a loved one. So, I want to be sensitive to this, but I can tell you I've coached so many people who say they apply for things 50 a day. And when I find out it's LinkedIn, you are essentially playing the lottery right now. That is not going to work. And you can tell it hasn't worked. I will tell you that you are going to, and, and let me just also say this. The job market is very tight in what we call white collar jobs.


And you're in a white collar job and the market is tightening. There's no question about that. But you have got to go about it a very different way. And, I, And, I want to give you to George here. But at the same time, if we don't have any income coming in, you're not gonna be able to do what George teaches you. So you've got to do two things. And I'm gonna give you, at the end of this call, I'm gonna give you my book, the Proximity Principle. And it's an easy read. And I really think you've gotta change up your strategies because you have got to be connecting relationship to relationship to relationship just to get an interview. Then you've gotta perform well, And I think you understand that.


I think you also have to open up the rest of the country. Are you open to moving or do you feel like you gotta stay in the Raleigh area? No, I'm open to moving for sure. Yeah. I mean, We're in a desperate situation right now. And to that end, I wanna get super tactical here. You need to be working at a Walmart stocking shelves. You need to be driving, you need to be doing whatever it takes. And I'm, I'm gonna pass it off to George with that as the segue just to cover the basics right now. So you've got, you've gotta change your strategy and get really intense about finding a gig, but in the meantime, you're working every job you can get Georgia handed to you here to walk through his numbers.


So Richie, you, you're telling me you don't have any income coming in. You've been draining the emergency fund to live, correct? Yes, He will. For the first time. What is your monthly expenses when you look at your four walls? Food, utility, shelter, transportation. What does that add up to? It's over $5,000 because around, I have my mortgage itself. A fixed mortgage is 3,600. And it's just you. Are you single? Yes, I'm single. Okay. Here's the deal. It might be where you need to move, you need to rent for a while. One of the reasons is this income situation. The other is, you may not need a huge house right now in Raleigh. And so it's gonna free you up with more options as you move into this next career phase.


The other is, you might need to sell this car. How much is the car worth and what do you owe on it? So the car, I got a pre-owned car for around $50,000. I paid an upfront $20,000 there. So my current monthly payment, five. What's, what's left on the loan? It's about 19,000. And what do you think it's worth? If you looked up the Kelley Blue Book Private sale value, It could go for 19 or 20. Not more than that. Okay. If I'm in your shoes, I'm getting rid of this car tomorrow, I'm gonna borrow a car for a little bit. Save up another thousand or two and just get you a used beater car to get you around for now.


'cause that car is about to get repoed. You can't make the payment on it. Right. You're gonna be paying that payment with your more debt to cover it. Yeah. So I think this house does need to go in the market for other reasons. I think the car needs to go today and that will at least give you a little bit of breathing room. But like Ken said, you need to go get three or four jobs to cover the bills, to cover those 3, 4, 5 grand until you can get that career. That's right. Right. And you gotta stop this LinkedIn, And, I love LinkedIn. I'm very active on LinkedIn, but LinkedIn is great for information. You've gotta make some real human to human connections right now. Your your resume is, is you are spitting in the wind every day right now.


That is, that is how effective that is. And, and you've got to get really intentional, Richie, listen, you have too much skill and too much experience to stay unemployed. Eight months. I mean, a product manager that is a very impressive set of skills and also experiences that are very transferrable to a lot of industries. But nobody knows you're out there, man. Folks, I'm gonna say this. If I, if I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times. Submitting resumes online, you are just nameless, faceless. You're not making any progress at all, at all. You gotta get back out and meet people. Say, will you connect me? Will you take my resume into the hiring manager?


This is all about people. The opportunity follows the connections to people. This is The Ramsey Show


these days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in your life. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is with me today. It's the firm of Coleman Camel and Camel. The don't hire those people. No. That was a law firm. I'd say run. Yeah. Yeah. Do your research on That. Do you see us on a park bench? You know, with our faces plastered on there. That'd Be kind of funny. Been an injury. Cole Coleman and Ken, you know what we would use that photo that has yet to see, we gotta share that photo today. Do we have the the stepbrothers photo that we can share on YouTube? Well, look, That's a tease. That's A tease. We recently got together all of the Ramsey personalities and we did new shoot a new photo shoot. And it turns out that George And I individual photos were back to back schedule wise.


And we had a, we had a little fun with that. We movie Jump In, we re-shot the cover to the movie Stepbrothers. Stepbrothers. And it's that. I could see that on the park bench. But I'll tell you where you could see us together outside of the show. You know where we can see us. Ramsey Cruise. On the Ramsey cruise. It's called the live like no one else cruise. And it, it is coming George, it is gonna be here before you know it. And I'm, I'm told here on my production notes that we've had more than 85% of the cabin's book. So people are starting to, to, to lock in and we're gonna be going to Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico in The Bahamas. George will have an entire vat of of sunscreen. He is, I'm a 50 SPF guy.


Yeah, He is. He is. Are you really? Yeah. You might as well just wear a head to toe sweatsuit. Well, here's the deal. I'm thinking I'll be pale for the rest of my life, but my face will look exactly like it did 50 years ago. Okay. That's my strategy. Whatever you tell yourself. I don't wanna look like a baseball glove that got left out in the sun. Yeah. Alright. It's not my strategy, So, well, you're Over here working on your third base tan. Listen, It's just called being outside. I'm not, you know, I can't risk it. Okay, well, you know, we're gonna be all over the place with the catamaran selling, jet skiing, horseback riding. I wanna see you horseback riding on the beach. I, that feels right. Don't horses Me personal brand. I think horses wanna stay far away from this guy. Folks. I, listen, I'm trying to have fun with this and you can see that he's a scared man.


You're Bringing up trauma. You're And I told that girl to sell the horse question. You're A terrified little fellow. Is, is what you are. You're scared. It's common. I'm gonna make you get outside your comfort zone on the cruise. By the way, I'm told there's pickleball courts on the ship for real. So yes, by the way, I have, people have been reaching out to me on Instagram saying, Hey, I would like to, to set up a pickleball match with my husband and you and all this kind of things. Yeah, I'll do that for charity. It's the only way you're getting I'll be holding court literally there. All, all the food is included. Even room service. You can lounge by any of the pools. Hot tubs. See me and others, other enthusiasts at the pickleball court and state-of-the-Art Fitness Center.


And you can hang out with all of us Ramsey personalities and also our exciting celebrity guest, Trey Kennedy. Stephen Curtis Chapman, Monique Shohan, Deanna Carter and more. This is seven day Cruise. March 22 through 29. 2025. You do not wanna miss this unforgettable vacation. You can book your cabin right now by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube podcast. That's gonna be fun. Podcast. I also have mad respect for anyone using a fitness center on a cruise. I'll be there. You and Delony will be in there lifting, power, lifting some would call it All four days out of the seven days I will be in the gym. Jade And I will gotta Hit the weights, man. I Think Jade And I should lead Zumba classes Great.


In fitness center. That'd be great. That'd be fantastic. There we go. Yeah. All right. Very. That's more my speed. All right. Very nice. All right, let's get to the phones. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Sally is joining us now in New Orleans, Louisiana. Sally, how can we help? Hi guys. I am in the middle of a lawsuit. I joined National Debt Relief and a year later I'm being sued by one of the credit card companies that I put into the program. And I've listened to what Dave has said about offering a 50% cash direct offer to the companies. But at this point, with us in legal, legal situations, my question is, should I not circumnavigate and go around my legal representation through national debt relief to make a direct offer myself to those companies and try to get us out of this mess without too much of a, of a bleed on the back end for me.


Oof. Well, let me recap. For those that are confused about what's going on here with this national debt relief, I, I think this is how they approach it. They go, Hey, let us handle it. You don't make any more payments. You make those payments to us and let your credit card debt go into default. The collectors will come after you, your credit will implode and then we'll settle on the backend. Is that how it goes? Yeah. It Okay. They've, they've taken care of three of my four beautifully, but number four, they've dropped the ball on And now you're getting sued. How far are you into the lawsuit? A week. Okay. Have you talked to your, your legal representation about trying to just settle this outside of court? I I have talked to him before. He was the one that brought up, brought to my attention the reason why they haven't made a successful settlement already.


And it was because I didn't have enough money and the, the savings account with National Debt Relief. And the comment that I keep being given is, don't worry, we're taking care of this for you. You might have to put more money in, but we're taking care of this for you. I would stop giving these people a dime. I I don't like these companies. I think they're scummy and you can do the same thing on your own. You don't need these companies to do this for you. My fear is they do bring certain skills to the table that I don't necessarily have, such as the negotiation skills. And specifically because we are in legal lawsuit at this point, if I drop, if I pull discover from their program, I lose my representation Because they're the ones representing you.


Have you talked, have you talked to your representation? He hasn't really been able to give me too much additional information than what they have. He's kind of A me I would just go call the company point here. They're not doing you any favors here. Yeah, no, you're more money. Money. They wanna keep stringing you along because that means more money in their pockets. Yeah. So I, I, I'm gonna jump in really quick here. So I would be on the phone with them saying, I want to talk to you. I want a phone call with whoever your person is there, your customer service rep and whoever this representation is, I want a call. I have already paid you X amount of dollars and I'm in this mess. 'cause you all dropped the ball if I heard you correctly.


Is that right? Yeah. So at this point, I've already tried calling National Debt relief several times. I have not been able to get a supervisor. They tell me they'll call me back. We don't, I have talked to the lawyer. My lawyer has been in communication with me as well as his paralegal. But at this point, I took the last five days to devise my own plan to come up with the, the 50%. And according to a lawyer, we have 33 months before the judge makes final, final rendering, final judgment. What I wanna do is I wanna approach that credit card company and be like, look, in the 90 days, in the three months, I will give you 50% right here, right now in cash. What do you owe in total?


18, 18,000. What was all this debt for to begin with? I jumped into my running my business before I got laid off with Covid. And. I had already had a part-time company. I was running And, I ran that full-time. So it was good decision or good intentions, bad decisions. I just feel like we're not changing any habits here. We went into this debt knowing we couldn't pay it back. And then we use this company to get a deal on the debt. And I just want, I want you to take some ownership. And I, you're unemployed. I have no, no. I I am, I have taken ownership. I'm actually fulltime fully employed as of November. I've gotten about 80% of all of my, my debts worked out and straightened out.


This is the last thing hanging my Yeah, it sounds like you've got 9,000 cash in hand. Is that, that's what you're gonna make the settlement offer on. Correct? Correct. Well, I like that George. So taking some responsibility, I would just go around them then and say, I've nine grand, can we settle this? Can we drop the lawsuit? I agree. And be done with this. It's the last debt and they'll take It. Do this before. Do I do this before I drop national debt relief? Or do I keep them in my back pocket? Well, if the debt's or do I Well, if the debt's not, if it's noted as paid in full, there's no reason to use them anymore. Okay. So don't tell 'em anything. But To, to your question, the first action is you go directly to the credit card and get it settled. Okay. And here's the thing, I don't know the fine print of these contracts that you signed. So I would read the fine print.


You might need to get outside representation a lawyer that doesn't work for that company to look this over. So we are not lawyers. Yeah. But we can't give you the advice on that. There may be Watching Matt Lock growing up. That's as close as Ken got. Yeah. Which is pretty good actually. Yeah. I mean, Andy Griffiths fantastic. Sally, I hope you can clear this up. I hope the nine grand does it. And I. Hope you never use these companies again. And, I. Hope you've cut up the cards, man. That would stress me out. So that's how these companies work, Ken. They say, Hey, don't make the payments anymore. Let it go into default. Let them sue you. We'll take care of it then we'll settle. Yeah. I don't like any of it. I don't like it. You can pay off the debt yourself. You can settle yourself. You don't need to pay these scummy companies. By The way, that was a commercial for George, that phone call to never take those services.


Here's why. She's called the, she can't get a supervisor on the phone. Oh, they'll call you back. Lemme tell you something. The supervisor doesn't exist. There's a guy going, hold on one second. And he's like doing his fantasy football team for five minutes to make you think that he's trying to get ahold of supervisor. He just stepped outta the office. I'm so sorry. You know what? He's not gonna be able to get with you ever. Oh, it, It doesn't exist. He's, he doesn't exist. Alright. I'll tell you who exists. We do. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright, so we all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I bet there are things that you loved learning over the years. Like gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us spend our lives learning deeply about anything other than ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you, to regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for just about any schedule. You just fill out a brief online survey and get matched with a licensed therapist and you can change it anytime for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is alongside the phone number. Triple eight eight eight two five five two two five. Allison is up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Allison, how can we help? Hi. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my call. I just wanna give a little background of what I'm asking about. I'm getting my boyfriend just under two years and we have definitely talked about the future together, you know, and the next step would be living together. We feel rent is just a waste of money. We like to buy a house. Neither of us are in the financial state to buy a house. His parents have graciously offered to basically have us buy their house from them for 350,000, which is, you know, pennies in this market with the agreement of if we were to ever sell that we would have to split the difference with them.


Whose Parents? My boyfriend's parents. This is An awful idea. That's why I'm calling. Did you Feel like it was an awful idea when you called? Or did you think it was a great idea and you're just being nice? To my really dour response, I was kind of 50 50. You know, I came from a divorced house and my parents argued about money every single day. My boyfriend's parents are still together. They lived middle class. So did we. I also have like student debt. My boyfriend doesn't have any. So I'm just trying to, I guess, think of the future. I'm also thinking, am I gonna sign off on a mortgage without an engagement?


So I know that's playing into it. Yeah. Yeah. Those are all legit questions. It's, it's, I mean, George can go Through, that's your gut telling you red flag, red flag, red flag. Don't do this. It's not the opportunity you think it is. Yeah. And also you splitting the difference with them. What happens if you stay in this for yeah. 10 or 20 years and this house becomes worth a million bucks and you just gave away 300 grand. Right? You See how convoluted it is. Can I give you an alternate vision? Can I do that Allison? Yeah, I'm, I'm all ears. I'm willing. Yeah. Okay. Here's the alternate vision. You and your boyfriend don't live together until you get married. And when you get married, you join finances and maybe you attack a lot of that debt before you ever put a ring on it and you get debt free and you guys rent for two years or whatever.


It's gonna take three years to get a good down payment. George will walk you through that formula of what we recommend. But we just take our time and we're not thinking things like, oh, what a waste of time. Us actually being married and not owning a home and, and just have this alternate vision for, hey, we can take our time and, and move into this and not be saddled with, you know, a really weird clunky arrangement. And George explained our formula on all of this. What you're looking for is 25% of your take home pay going toward the mortgage. And that's with two married people. And there's a lot of issues with doing this before your marriage.


There's a lot of issues doing this with his parents involved and them having a financial gain in this. It just gets real messy what happens when you guys, or if you guys break up and now not only are you, hey, I'm on the mortgage, he stopped paying, but now the parents are involved with the sale of the house And they don't like me because I don't, they're, boy, it's just a mess. And I. Hope that doesn't happen. No, I hope you guys stay together forever. But the next logical step is not let's live together and buy a house even though we're broke. The next logical step is how do we get out of debt? How can we mo take steps toward marriage? And then once we're in a good financial position, we buy a house. But right now, what's clouding your judgment is this quote deal that you're getting on this house.


It's not that. I mean, I'm going to be 32 soon and he's going to be 36 in a month. So we're kind of thinking, you know, we wanna get married, we wanna start a family, start a life together. Great. The market right now is just do it. But you don't have to buy this house. This has nothing to do with the market. And what, lemme tell you what happens, because I know these stories. You guys move in together to this new house and for four more years you talk about getting married because guess what? Now you've kind of already played house. So what's the point of getting married? Why the rush? And we're broke so we can't pay for a wedding and therefore you're gonna build up resentment and that's gonna not end well for this relationship. Right. And so we're just showing you what happens on the other side. We're not trying to be naysayers, we just get too many calls when people hoped it would work out a certain way.


Yeah. And then life happened, Right? I I get it. And I, you know, like I said, you know, I, I came from divorced parents. I'm personally in debt that I am working extremely hard to tackle and just get rid of it. So him And I don't have to worry about it. And he is the complete opposite. Doesn't have any debt, didn't have to worry about parents' financial struggles. So, you know, we're coming from two totally different point of views. And when I bring up to him, you know, I, I don't wanna sign a mortgage away if I'm not engaged. Like I need at least a commitment. What Does he say to that? He, he kind of, I don't wanna say he danced around the idea, but he, like, he goes, well, we're gonna do it eventually, like we're gonna be together.


Like, you know, but I, I really wanna live together before we do. I'm like, yeah, me too. But if I'm gonna sign a, a mortgage without a ring, like I don't see how that's fair to me. Yeah, you're right. Don't, I'm not gonna get into my traditional views of all this, but you certainly should not sign a mortgage when you are not legally married to him. That's a Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean at first I was like, I don't wanna buy a house unless we're married and then I compromise with I need at least an engagement. So I know it's coming. No, No, don't compromise. And don't compromise. Yeah. Make him listen. You got the leverage sister. He needs to step up. Right? He needs to step his game up.


Is he gonna, is he gonna pop the question or not? You should play this back for him on YouTube. I'll tell him I'm the bad guy today. I don't care. Man up bro. Put a ring on it. Don't put pressure on her to get into a ill-advised deal and to what's, what's wrong with you. And to use this as leverage to hang over your head is just strange. Oh, it's and manipulative. It's, it's weak. Say, well, once we move in, then I'll propose. I wanna try it out. I want to, I wanna live with you for a while before I decide to commit to you. This is what's wrong with men in America today. We got all these freaking women walking around that have got a lot to offer and they're in their thirties and they can't get married. 'cause you got a bunch of fricking children posing as men. We got a man problem in the United States and, and women, you know what you ought do?


Just tell these guys, go pound sand. I'm not going to live with you. I'm not even gonna date you for a long time if you don't show some dag-gum commitment. I, I just gotta tell you, George, I I get a little irritated with it. And this is a problem with, and he's in his thirties, Alison. Right? You said he's 36. He's a man child. Why doesn't he just buy the house on his own? There we, he's he so financially well off. There's a notion, Right? He doesn't have the money. Right. I think I shocked Allison. Yeah. I I do, you know, I I need to say like, he has been the, I know this is probably sound contradictory, but he has been like the most amazing partner I could have ever asked for.


And like, we don't have any issues. But you know, when it comes to this, yeah, you do like, this is where, but when it comes to this, like, we obviously have two standpoints. He's, he's seeing it as let's get the, you know, the living situation on the road and we can finally move forward. Nope. And be together. And I. Nope. He Commits First. Like renting, renting is one thing, but like a a a mortgage. I, I don't know. I no, he doesn't sit right with me. I thought We told you that Allison don't keep waffling on this. Right. And listen, he may be a great boyfriend, but he's a boy. And until he starts acting like a man, I'm gonna tell you something, I wouldn't do any of this with him. I wouldn't do, I wouldn't do any, I wouldn't move in with him either.


And if that means you're renting, don't look at that as throwing away money on rent. You're buying patients. If you have to get two or three roommates until this is all figured out and you guys are married, I'm okay with that. That's how I, I did it before I was married and it worked out great. And it really helps you avoid so many issues that can come up when you jump into this next step, which is the biggest financial move you will ever make in your life is buying this house and doing it with someone you're not married to is a recipe for disaster. Alright, I'm gonna, I gotta ask you, what's this? If this were a dating show Mm. Okay. What's your statute of limitations? If I, if I can borrow a phrase Oh, on how long a guy should be in a serious relationship like this before we start to say, Hey dude, you have commitment issues.


Here's What I'll say. What's the length of time If it's high school sweethearts? I think you can get more time if you're in your thirties, I give it two to three years max. Oh, that's way's Go long. Two To three years max. I think a year. I think 12 months. If you're in your thirties and you've been seriously dating someone for a year, if you can't decide by that point whether or not they're a life partner. I like getting past the first year. That's when you finally have your first fight. The first year it's all gum drops and rainbows. No, I think that's about a three month period. You gotta know how they fight Fascinat. Conflict is everything. You gotta know how they fight before you say yes. Yeah. All right. Ken's an old man, but I think we're on the same page. I believe in commitment, been married 26 years, I believe in a thing called love.


Take that and stuff it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LT D and ETFs distributed by fund services LSE.


Welcome back to The. Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is with me and we are here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is a phone number. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Portland, Maine is where John is waiting. John, how can we help today? Yes. Hi, how are you? Good. Thanks for taking my call. You Bet. What's up So? I? I'm looking to make the right decision here. I've made a lot of right decisions and a lot of wrong decisions over the years, but we've been, you know, paying a lot of stuff off. We're at the end of baby step two. I have a side hustle and a full-time municipal job and the side hustle's growing and growing fast.


We've, we've gone from two cars down to one as we've paid off a lot of stuff. Nice. But I'm at the point where I kind of need a second vehicle to get to some of these side hustle jobs and the opportunity to make a lot more money, almost double through the side hustle. What's the side hustle? Do you mind if we ask So, I install emergency vehicle equipment, emergency lights, sirens, police cars, fire, fire vehicles, stuff Like that. No kidding. So a lot of your customers I guess are municipalities and counties. Oh Yeah. A lot of 'em. Correct. Very Cool. And so if I understand you correctly, you need a, you, you paid off car, you sold a car, but you're down to one vehicle and you need a another vehicle just to allow you to get to the work and that will allow you to double your income.


Yeah, so I've recently changed the business model a little bit. Instead of building full police cars for municipalities, I've turned in, I've found it more profitable to do what I would call service work. Say a department needs 10 new computers installed and already built. It's kind of like doing brakes and struts instead of engines if, if you wanna think of it That way. Oh it's just simpler and you can knock more out. Nice. Correct. Yeah. So the money has been great over the last, you know, few months in going forward looks great. But it takes me a little bit further away from the house. so what a vehicle with my wife and four kids. Oh, go ahead and ask your Question. Oh, what's left on the debt One vehicle?


Right now the a Ford Expedition for the family wife and four kids. She stays home and homeschools. They do co-ops during the day while I'm at work. So they do use the vehicle to go to different, different and it's worth about 35 and we owe about 27 and we've paid off a lot of credit card debt, a lot of other debt and that's all that's left. How much more money would you be making per month if you can add these new clients? Probably on the low side, it three to 4,000 more a month. If I can get to like two of these jaws a month that are a little bit further away, What if you slowed down your payoff of this car in order to use that cash to buy a used car to get you from point A to point B?


So another to put to give you the full picture. Another thing, 'cause I found The Ramsey Show about month and a half ago. We were already doing a very, very similar process, but I've been investing eight to 10% of my pay for, since I've been with the city here for eight years. So my other question is, should I pause that, which would add $450 a month onto our payoff plan. There's already $150,000 in a 4 57 a should I pause that for a year or so while I get these, the rest of these paid off? Yes. Okay. Regardless of your situation, we tell folks to pause investing during baby step two because of the accelerant. Yeah, it it definitely.


So there's, to put it in perspective, the car I was looking at was about $12,000 for the business. I would buy it and write it off with my LLC and Do you need a specific car for this business? No, I need something this, I'm looking at an EcoSport, something very small good on gas me and a tool bag me and a toolbox for Don't want anything big. I mean, I feel like you don't need to spend 12 grand to get just a car from A to B if it's not like a work truck. So are there, are there things that are in the correct five to 6,000 range? I'm gonna try the six to eight to get that decent little eco. I think you could do that. So yeah, yeah. No, I, I definitely hear what you're saying, especially with the automotive mind. My, the only other thing I've thought about, which is crazy to think about is that my oldest is 10 now.


Like buying this $12,000 vehicle, there's a job coming up that I could take that's a week long that would, I'd travel to in December for a week and probably make 13 in that week to pay and pay. Well Here's The deal. What does that have to do with the 10-year-old? This could be his first car if I buy something that's gonna last five years. Oh, I, I get that. I get that. This might Be a six month car and you might upgrade once you're outta of debt, upgrade to a little bit better and then upgrade to a little bit better. And the chances are he's gonna want a different card. That's his, that he gets to go shopping with you. Yeah. We're trying to save you 6,000 now. I'd rather you save you that kind of money now and then, you know, six years from now a whole different ballgame. Yeah, I understand. That makes sense to me. Yeah. So John, what I would do if I was in your shoes is I would pause investing, I'd slow down the steps in order to save up real quick and get you a beater car to then increase Yeah.


And increase the speed of the baby steps. Yeah. Are you, did you say you're mechanical? You like you can fix cars? Yeah. Oh, lemme tell you even better. I, I, I can barely put gas in a car. All right. Full admission. I have no skill at all. But if I had your skill, I'd absolutely be looking at something, you know, really, really cheap. 'cause you can fix it up and keep that thing moving. You know, something with like Yeah. Major gas mileage. It's just you. Yeah. You know, That's that. We also, we bought our house back in 2013 when the market was the opposite of what it is now. So we're in a really good position there as well. Great. Sounds like you're doing great. Welcome. Welcome to the tribe. You're doing great.


Yeah. This and The guitar is just the last thing you know. Yeah. And I. Think later on this might become your full-time gig if you want it to be. Could you do this full-time? Could be. Oh, I could, the stress of running the own business and this is kind of a, a good work life balance. I didn't grow up with any structure nor did my wife. So we're trying to get the city job gives that to the, to the family. And then the side hustle's been great too. What's your biggest stressor? I call the, as a solopreneur. So doing the full police cars. They could take doing 'em on the side. I could have a one vehicle apart for three to four weeks. And it's like when my mind's on the project, it's on, I, I can't get it off the project until it's Done. Ah, I got that.


So shifting to this new type of work where I go to the, you know, I go for a day or two or three and when I leave all the work's done And, I, don't think about it. So, I. I have found ways to good to make that better. Good. But long term, I call it the best of both worlds right now. But you are right. That could change in four or five years. You might be able to find a guy who's also mechanically handy and you delegate it and you have a little team and who knows. I like that idea. Getting up. I tell you what, if I'm him again, you look for some young dude coming outta high school that needs to prove to his parents that, that he could make good money as a mechanic and doesn't wanna go to college I'd, I'd get that kid in there and mentor. Oh, or guy doesn't wanna work in the traditional mechanic role. This sounds like a cool, cool too. You get to be a part of a startup business. It's really cool. Make good money. You could Really grow that thing.


Wow. Side thought. But I like it. Riches in the niches. Ken, I li Oh is it? I dunno. Are you so happy with yourself? I that's, I wish if you weren't watching on YouTube you should have seen how smiley you were when you said that. Did you like think about that phrase today For the show? I think you didn't say it first. Gonna be honest. You love a good rhyme. I'm sick with envy. It's exactly, it is. Can we help Renee real quick? George, let's do, all right, let's try. Renee is in Fresno. Renee, how can we help? Hi there. I was calling because I'm currently in baby step number two, but we're actually probably gonna have all of our be out of that step by next year, like mid next year. And I was calling because my husband retired from the Navy and we found out in his retirement that if our girls go to college in California, any uc or state school, their college is completely paid for.


Amazing. So Yes. So I'm still wondering if I should be saving for either a college fund or put a savings account for each of them in a high yield savings account in case they either wanna go out of state or maybe towards a master's program. I'm just kind of trying to think down the road. I would, but I would not until you're out of debt with an emergency fund and you're investing 15% for your own retirement. Okay. Otherwise there might be extra things, living expenses, books, who knows what they might need to cover. I would work with them to create a plan to work and save along with mom and dad working the money plan. Okay. Okay. Perfect.


I think that was everything. That's Incredible. Fantastic. Thank you so much Renee, for the call. And we also need the stipulation. You are going to one of these in-state schools that's completely paid for. We don't get to choose, but I really wanna go to x, y, Z private school across the country. Well you better have the money to pay for that 'cause mom and dad ain't paying. Yeah, Yeah. Especially in this situation. Absolutely. They need to know the value of a, of what that education will do for them debt free. Mm. And if they need that, go watch borrowed future on YouTube. It's a documentary we created completely free to watch. It will change the game with these conversations. And can you do a great job in it? Laying out some facts? Well, you know, we're, we're in a world today where the, the value of a degree is increasingly fading with the American people.


And we're starting to see that it's fading within the workplace with many, many major organizations within different industries saying we don't require a college degree anymore. So the More you pay, the more you go into debt for it, the less ROI. That's right. Yeah. Good stuff. Alright. Great jacket today, George. Thank you. I think it was, it matches your glasses. It's always a pro move. Thanks for hanging this hour. This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life. We help you win with your money, win in your professional journey and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is with me. It's Coleman Camel time and we are here for you. Let's get to the phones. Jeff is on the line in Denver, Colorado. Jeff, how can we help? How are you guys doing? Good, how are you? Good. So I got a question for you guys. I started fixing flipping houses this year as like a side hustle. My second house is about to hit the market within the next week.


But my question is like, I'm gonna have about $160,000 in profit once this sells is my estimated profit. How do I shield myself from this massive tax bill that's gonna be coming my way? How massive is it? Have you actually done the math? Yeah, I'll be about 160,000 of profit that I I'll need to pay taxes on. No, he's asking that. Have you done the income, your taxes? But you know, depending on your bracket, what your marginal tax rate is versus effective tax rate. Are we talking you know, 16% of that? I don't know what the taxes are in Colorado. Yeah, I'll be about 20% of that. Okay. Have You already figured in like you have existing expenses just on the actual renovation?


I Not yet. Okay. Well that's first thing you, I hope you got some accurate, you, you, you got some accurate records on all that you spent, correct? Yep. I got everything documented of What do you think? What put into it, what do you think the ballpark is? Like? We put 160,000 into this last property. Okay, Well you put 160 in and you got 160 out. 160 is from both properties. I, I'm, I think I made, I profit about 80,000 from that first property and about 80,000 from the second property. But you said you put 160 in Into the investment.


Yeah. To, to flip it. This is bad math. It's telling me that you're not making money in this business. Yeah. So let's, let's start over Jeff. Either I've confused you or you're not tracking with us. Okay. Okay. So you, you, you've, you've got one house that you're saying or is it two houses that you're saying you've got the total profit of 1 62 Houses. So I sold the house in February this year and I'll profit 80,000 on that. I I profited 80,000 on that house. And then this, the second house is about to hit the market. And I should profit about 80,000 off on that. Okay. That after getting your money back from your initial investment.


Correct. Oh, okay. All right. I got scared. I was like, oh no I did too. Okay. This does Not, It wasn't making sense. Okay, so bottom line is you need to get with a tax pro. George And, I are not Tax pros. Ramsey Solutions dot com great place for you to see a good list of tax pros. And I would contact them, They'll help you find every illegal nook and cranny That's right to go where, what can I, you know, write off as a deduction from this bus? Is it through an LLC? You're doing this Correct? Yeah. Okay. But the reason we want you to go to a Ramsey preferred or you know, the Approved Tax Pro is because a lot of accountants and tax people out there will try to get you to spend money Oh my gosh. Just to lessen your tax bill. And to me that's about the most mind numbingly stupid advice I've ever heard.


You know, well go buy this and go buy, buy that. Go to get again for 130 grand To save money on taxes off. No, save the money and pay Uncle Sam. You know, and that's just how it is. So with your regular expenses and everything else, that's what you're looking for. But don't get sucked into that idea. Just don't warning. Okay, that's good because yeah, I was, people have told me go buy a new truck and I'm like, It's Don, I don't need a new truck. Thank you. Never spend to save. Yeah. Don't, that's Not how it works. Don't spend money to save money. It makes no sense. So you're a good man. Appreciate the call and congrats on flipping the houses there. Yeah, Very impress And just set aside that money and put it away in a high yield savings account and then be ready to pay that with your quarterly estimated payments.


Don't wait, you know, a year, year and a half to make these tax bills. Make sure that you're paying that quarterly through the IRS website to avoid any fees and penalties. Alright, Sarah's up next in Detroit, Michigan. Sarah, how can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. I'm a tad nervous So I. Apologize. You're doing Great. I, thanks. I'm very nervous. So I was wondering if it would be in my best interest to take money out of my brokerage accounts to pay off my Parent Plus loan. How much is in the brokerage account? The two brokerage accounts are about 90, let's see, they're about 93,000.


Okay. And how much left on the Parent plus loans? Well, I'd say about 68,000. I just started paying this year. Okay. And what were you saving up in this brokerage account for? Because this is non-retirement, you're just investing on the side, right? I, yeah, I just, just, when I first got married 29 years ago, I just opened up some IRAs in this joint, this brokerage account, which I didn't even realize what it was until just recently. I just put that money away. And, I never touched it. Good. Hmm. Well the good news is this is likely long-term capital gains and so it won't be, you know, a crazy tax bill, but you will have to pay taxes on the growth of this money. And So I would pull out that 68,000, be ready to pay the taxes on that and be done with this debt.


Get it outta your life. I mean, the interest rate on these parent plus loans is excruciating. Yeah. It's like 7% And. I wanna pay it because in the long run, for one, I don't wanna give the government any more than money than I have to. Amen. And that's gonna like double by the time I get them paying it off. So, I would, that's why I thought I, you have the money, I would just go ahead and pay it and it's gonna hurt a little bit because you've worked hard to invest and save this money, but it's for a purpose. And right now that purpose is to pay off debt and for the rest of your life it will be to instead build wealth and leave a legacy. And so I'm sorry that you gotta use it for something not fun. But that's, that's kind of the price we paid when we signed up to pay Juniors College. I know, I know So I was worried because I don't know how to figure out the capital gains, but, but That's a simple fix.


I'll try and do that on my own. Yeah, it's a simple fix. You can reach out to a Ramsey Trusted Tax Pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax. They can help you figure out what you're gonna owe and help you figure out what you need to set aside in order to pay this tax bill. But it's not gonna be anything life changing it's not gonna be a, you know, 25, $30,000 bill. So you don't have to worry about that. Okay. But you take out, you have the money to pay it. Well, I was thinking if I take out the full 93, I'm gonna save some back to pay for the taxes. Sure. You may not need to. I'll use the whole 93. If You don't need to use the whole 93. You don't need to pull it all out right now if you have other goals. I think I was gonna pay off my credit card debt.


Oh my goodness. You buried Sarah. There's, there's The story. Do you have any other debt you'd like to disclose while we're being This? Well, I have other debt, but no one asked me that. Yeah, I mean, I, I, You're the best. Sarah. I Listened to your program. So I know, blah blah. She's, Well do, should she, she listens so she knows what to reveal and what not to reveal's. She don't want advice on these other things. Just That one would pull as much as you need to pay off all of your debt and pay any taxes due. Yeah. 'cause I still have a bunch of four oh ones and stuff. So, I would the 90 a retirement. So, so would the 93 make you completely debt free? It would, it would probably pay off everything, but my cars and my mortgage.


All right. That's a start. Yeah. How old are you? Yeah, Well, I'm 58. I'm old. What Does, where does 60, where does 60-year-old Sarah wanna be? Does she wanna be dead free? When Did 58 become old? I don't know. Ken is heavier. I'm Married too, So, okay. Yeah. I'd make a plan with your spouse and go, Hey, let's go into our sixties completely debt free. Let's have, let's have a retirement that we're proud of, a legacy we're proud of and not having to scrape by. So that's what I would be aiming for. And liquidating this brokerage account is one step toward that and I'm proud of you. Yeah. Thanks for the call, Sir. And 58 is not old 'cause it, that hurts Ken's feelings. Well, To be clear, I just turned 50. All right. So, you know, it, it's all perspective. George. Halfway To a hundred. Ken just saying Thank you George.


This is The, Ramsey Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds, Credit, Union, different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience over overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on fairwinds.org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans. Go to fairwinds.org/ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ramsey.


Hey, It's Rachel Cruz And. I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here. With all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover of Vision Board and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is alongside the phone number for you to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. It's time for a question of the day, George.


And


today's question today is brought to you by Why Refi. Why Refi Refinance is defaulted private student loans and built a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment you can afford with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget work, the debt snowball. Go to Why Refi dot com today slash ramsey. That's, let me give that to you. That's not written well. And I'm like a parrot here, George. So reread that. It's Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's YREF y.com/ramsey. This may not be


available in all states. Today's question comes from Colin in New Hampshire. I recently got my license to be an architect. I'll be having a conversation soon with my bosses about a new role and responsibilities, which should include an increase in pay. I have no reason to suspect that my employer would underpay me. However, I would like to go into that meeting with an idea of what a fair salary would be. Looking at the numbers online, they range anywhere from 65, which is less than I make now, all the way up to a hundred k. I understand there are nuances to salary such as years in the field or type of experience. This makes it difficult to gauge, quote unquote fair. I want to manage my expectations of what I should be making. Where can I find accurate salary data to know what fair is?


Yeah, good question here from Colin and And. I would just focus on the fair part of this. The, the, the fair part is, is really the wrong thing to be focusing on. You've gotta set your range based on what you're making now. And so he's saying the low range is 65, so he's already done his homework. So wherever you got this information is the same place that you're gonna look at for what's right for me. So you're just looking at comparative salary analysis for people with experience and skillset similar to yours. And you're gonna look at where you're at on the range. So he's already given us the homework. So 65 on the low end, a hundred k on the front, on the, on the high end. And so where do you fit in that range of salary?


And so if you're in that range of 80, then I would ask for the full, I would go to the full number, maybe go a little higher. 'cause it can always come down. So maybe if you felt like, alright, I, I feel like accurately I could, I could command an $80,000 salary. I'm gonna ask for 85 that that's what I would do. So aim a little bit higher, a little Higher. Give that company a little room to come back with a counter. Yeah. And you gotta know what your number is, where you go. I would not feel good. I would feel resentful coming into the office every day. Now hopefully that again is based on viable information, which Colin has gone out and done the research And he said, I just got my license. Which tells me he might be more entry level So, I wouldn't expect the full a hundred K.


But I'd also Wanna know when I go in, what does a growth plan look like? That's exactly, to grow this role. Important what? That I, that ladder, if I want to step in and have more responsibility, that would at least help me not flounder in the role going well I should be making more. Yeah. Well who Said that's right? That's exactly right. So good question. Yeah, really good question. To the phones. We go triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Rachel joins us. She hails from the Washington DC area. Rachel, how can we help? Hi, I'm, I'm in a pickle. And, I. Really don't know what to do.


Okay. So? I am right now I'm actually currently overseas and in Asia and because my husband, I, I guess I too believe like the US the cost of living in the US is outrageous. And so we're overseas just to kind of get the cost of living down. We are currently living off of like VA benefits, veterans benefits right now.


Okay. And how much is that? My husband As a What? How much are your benefit payments Total? Four grand A month. And that's what you're living off of? That's from your husband's service or your service? A husband. Okay. Alright, keep going. And then, so that's why we're, we're currently sheriff, however, I recently got a job offer that pays a stipend and room and board, 18,000 stipend and then housing.


And What about salary? Yeah. Yeah. So it's eight, it's 18 for the academic year, for nine months. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm confused. Rachel, what is the job that you just got offered? Why? Tell us where that is. It's, It's a residential hall director at a university. And so you're only gonna make an $18,000, that's what the stipend is? Yeah. And then they provide housing. Okay. And meals. And meals. Okay. Alright. And so what is the, what is the dilemma? Should you, this is in the US I'm understanding? Yes. Okay. So what's the dilemma? The Us Where are you at? Where's your husband at Working?


No, no, I'm sorry. Yes. Where's your husband on this idea of you moving back to the states? Where are you at on, on moving back to the states? It feels like you want to do this, but I'm just getting clarity. Yes. I, I wanted, that's the thing. Like I want to honor and respect my husband. I'm, you know, I'm Christian, however, like we've done this before and I've developed a lot of anxiety overseas, being away from friends, family. Okay. So Rachel, let me, let me jump in. So He wants to stay. You wanna Go? He was, yeah. Thank you George. Is that right?


Yeah. Does he know that it's causing you all this anxiety? I assume this relationship is not going great overseas? Yeah. Yeah. So if I'm him, I want A better marriage and therefore I'm gonna compromise and go, okay, let's go back to the US and figure out how to afford to live there. Because living overseas is not the solution to the cost of living issue. So how can we help you? So the reason, okay. He's just a lot. I know. I know. Sweetheart. We're we, we have about three minutes and so we wanna try to help you. Yeah. How can we weigh in? Where would you like us to weigh in? So my husband has a real estate business.


I used that kind of lightly, not really, but kind of. So last year he made a hundred grand, but he got the properties in 2022 and then sold them in 2023. And are the real estate is the business in the United States or overseas? Yes, in the us. And he's managing all of this overseas and then, Yes. Okay. Keep going on. And anyways, so, but he, he hasn't made an income in a year now, so if we, I'm in the dilemma of like, do I stay overseas to support him and his business or do we move back to the us?


I don't, I don't understand how you staying in Asia supports his business when his business has not made money in the last year. It's in the United States. It's across the world. Rachel, I am so confused about all of the details around this except for one thing I'm not confused about. You guys have a massive, massive marriage issue and you got your husband who wants to stay in the, in the, in the in stay overseas and it stresses you out. Yeah. And you've done this once before. Yeah. So we've got a track record. Yes. You don't wanna live overseas. He wants to live overseas. You're willing to go get an $18,000 stipend to be an RA just to escape wherever you are. This is not good.


We have to get on the same page quickly. Well, the reason, the reason why I wanted to take the, the job at the university is so that we could save the four grand a month. Okay. But would he move with you? Would he move with you? Yes. So that's what you wanted our opinion on is should you take an $18,000 stipend to get out of wherever you are. You guys were making 150 grand between us business and the VA benefits. So this is not a cost of living issue. You guys need to move back to the US and both get normal jobs. Yeah, that's And stop finding weird shortcuts.


Yeah. And like taking this Well we can save the 4,000 so he doesn't have to work. It just, the whole thing is so anti to what we believe here. Yeah. Move back and start working and get a marriage therapist quickly. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. George Kamel here. As a new dad, I see a lot of things in a new light. The cost of diapers, the value of sleep, and how crucial it is to have a will. Because if something happens to me, I don't want my family stressing about the details. And that's why I recommend making a will With MamaBear Legal Forms a will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want. Instead of a random probate judge deciding who gets your fine China or precious moments collection. Looking at you Aunt Shirley. If you think you're too busy or don't have enough time, no excuses here. I completed my will in just 20 minutes with their easy online process. Plus if something comes up, you can make changes to your will for free for up to six months until you are completely satisfied. And listen, there's a lot of online will companies out there, but what's great about Mama Bear is that there's no membership, no subscription, no upselling. The price is the price. And if you love a good deal like me, go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com right now and save 20% with promo code Ramsey. That's MamaBear Legal Forms dot com promo code Ramsey.


Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is alongside, the phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'd love to take your calls about your money, your professional journey, your work so we can make more money and your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alright, I want you to think about something for me, George, you ready? Okay, hit me. Can can you be imaginative there? He's closed his eyes. It's good. I want you to look up a year from today and you finally accomplished all the things that really matter to you. How's it make you feel, George? Amazing. Accomplished. I'm floating. Yeah, absolutely. Does that involve going on vacation with me? That would be a dream actually. That's what I thought. The Coleman's vacation. Well I thought so.


Achieving your goals, George, doesn't happen by chance. You need a plan so that you stay focused, motivated, and organize every step of the way. That's why we're excited about the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner. It's packed with monthly teaching from Rachel, Cruz, Jade Warshaw and John Delony. And it's gonna help you set goals with your money, faith, and relationships. And it's got all your favorite features. Monthly and weekly calendar stickers. Wow. It's got stickers. A lot of stickers do. Do you like the stickers? I think it can be fun. Oh, all Right. Vision board, goal setting, systems, savings tracker and more. You can get yours today for 49 97. Don't wait. This planner always sells out. So you wanna get the best price? Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Alright, Brian is Up in Boston, Massachusetts. Brian, how can we help today? Yeah, hi. Thank you so much for taking my call. So I did have a question for you. I currently own two homes. Our primary home that we live in that we owe about 223,000 left. And we do have a rental property that is paid for, unfortunately I took a line of credit, I accumulated about $125,000 in debt there. And, I have about another $35,000 in credit card. My question to you is, is should I consider selling the rental property to pay off my debt and pay down what I primarily own on the my primary home?


Or continue using that as an investment, which is bringing in monthly income every single month. If it's bringing in monthly income, you wouldn't be upside down going into debt every month. So clearly it's not the investment we wanted it to be. What have you been spending this money on? The, the line of credit was when we moved into the home, we didn't have, we didn't plan correctly should I say we ended up spending more moving into a much more influential neighborhood. And we did, I think overspent to Get, I would say So. I have a hard time blowing 120 grand on a move in.


And what about the 35,000 in credit cards? I That part of that was a program that I decided to take and the rest has just at times I may need to use the credit card to help over Pay. That's what I'm saying. If this was such an income blessing in your life, you wouldn't have to turn to the credit card to spend. And so that tells me we have some spending issues and habits here that we need to fix. And So, I would probably recommend selling this rental. What can you get for it Right now? I could sell it for about 3 75 after taxes and realtor fees. Maybe get about 310. Okay, so let's say you took three 10 and you pay it off the line of credit, that's 1 25.


You pay off the credit card, that's one 50 that leaves you with another one 50 to throw out your mortgage, leaving you with about 75 left on the mortgage. Correct. And free up payments. Right. Frees up the credit card payments you were making. Frees up the line of credit payments. What is your household income without the rental? I, myself without, without the rental I make, depending how much overtime I work anywhere between one 50 to two 50 a year and my wife around one 20. Nice. Amazing. So you guys were making Yeah. Three 70. Yeah. And you couldn't cashflow any of this? Yeah, I think I, we've always been struggling ever since I was 12.


I've been working, This is not a work issue. You got a spending issue if you're blowing through three 70 and going into debt. That's the part we need to focus on here. And, I, think selling a rental is just one step in getting us a clean slate. But as soon as that's done, we need to refocus our habits and go, we work too hard to be this broke. Would you agree? I would. I would agree. You guys have been working your tails Off. I also think that I partially these past several years we've been able to putting away for retirement. I think I was just going about it the wrong way. So we've saved up about 750,000. Wow. But of course that's in, that's in retirement. That's, you know, I can't touch that money.


Yeah. But you've Been, so, so you've been, how much have you been putting away a month towards retirement? We, the past, I don't know, four or five years we've been putting away, we've been maxing out. Okay. Well the good news is your investing muscle is strong. You've got a great investing arm, but you're atrophied at your spending. Muscles. Muscles. That's where all this is getting burnt. And So, I do think you can keep investing, but I would definitely ratchet it down to 15% once everything's sold. Make sure you have an emergency fund, get completely debt free outside of your mortgage that's left and then invest 15% and let's start attacking this mortgage and be done with that. Probably within a year. You could be done making three 70 with 70 left.


Would you agree we can knock out the mortgage? I I would, I would tell. I definitely agree. I guess my, my my concern on selling the rental property is I always viewed it as a safety net. Not to get into pass, but my father always had a gambling problem and so I've always been afraid of, of being without, you've Been tearing holes in your safety net with this line of credit. And so it, if you're telling me it's a safety net, it's not Right. So, I would find your own safety net and that's an emergency. Well rental Property, not, not the line of credit. Right. I totally agree with you. I'm just saying if you're leveraged up to your eyeballs, there's no safety in just owning that asset when there's all this debt attached to it.


Yeah. And the rental property is not spitting off enough profit. What, what are you making per month after all expenses on the rental property? The rental property. After You pay your line of credit, there's no Oh, after I pay. Yeah. Everything was making 23. So here's the other dilemma. I have 2350 is what I was making on it. Of course, I then would have to pay the line of credit, which is a route was around 12 or 1300. So We're doing all this for about 10 grand a year. Yeah. Correct. If I were to do college students, I can bring in about 4,500 a month.


No It's not. Well the point is, is it's, we we're trying to help you see, it's not worth it. This is a great opportunity for you to re Okay. Your overtime is much better ROI than making the 10 grand sell. Managing a property, Sell the house. It's not, it's not getting you the ROI that you think. And if, if you want real estate down the line, wait until your house is paid off and then save up cash with this amazing income and no debt payments and you'll be buying up real estate in no time. And the a hundred percent cash flow is gonna help you buy the next one and the next one. And yes, it's a slower route, but it doesn't lead us to where we are today. Making a crap ton of money with not a lot to show for it going into debt every single month. So I, wish you the best changing your family tree Brian, it sounds like you want to, you don't wanna live the same life that your parents lived.


You want to leave a different legacy and that's gonna take creating different habits. So I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking Free from Broke. I hope it convinces you that the debt system is not a path to wealth or peace and that you can live outside of it. So hang on the line. Christian will pick up, we'll send you a copy of that. Best of luck to you with the sale of this rental. Yeah. And getting completely debt free. And he Could clean this up. The shovel's amazing. Ken making three 70 households. Well And he has, he has saved a, a really nice chunk in retirement. So it's not like he's, you know, unstable. It's just a, a system he's been, or lack of a system or I guess I would say is that he's employing is not as effective as it should be. Mm. But he's done a good job. And to your point, the money's there.


Yeah. But I would get out of this thing now And I, I talk about the flat tire analogy. Some people are really good at saving and investing, but they have spending habits and that's a leak in the boat. We gotta fix that's a flat tire. And So I like being well-rounded where we're giving, we're saving, we're investing, we're spending, we can do all of those things but it has to be well-rounded and in the right ratios at the right time. Yeah Because it does pay off. It really does. It doesn't seem like you've got a great strategy until you wake up 20 years in and you realize you're ahead of everybody else. And Ken, you work out. You understand. You can't just do leg day, you're gonna look weird. That's absolutely right. You gotta do some full body stuff. You can't skip leg day either. You know, you can't be. I've been skipping.


Have you seen these guys at the gym with a giant upper body and their legs look like noodles Man, I'm right here. You don't have to talk about me like that. I my noodle legs. Woo. My skinny jeans. That's fantastic. Alright, George is gonna do some squats during the break and we'll be back before you know it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. And I know this because that was me. But the truth is budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun download EveryDollar for free today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is with me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five.


We gotta mention this network app really quick 'cause this is so fun. This is kind of a new thing. And I. Wanna mention it on the front end very quickly as we will wrap up this hour of the show. People need to know that if you're listening on radio we'll continue. But if you are on podcasts or YouTube, this is it for what you're gonna get today. But you can get the rest of the calls And we got a great lineup here as I'm looking on the board. Some great calls coming up. You can get it on The Ramsey Network app. You can get that in the app store, Google Play. I just wanna mention that real quick as we head into this segment instead of mentioning it at the end when we time we run out time.


That's right. Soles, we run out of time. Very good. Hoping was the last time you be impressed. Well I love the wordles. It doesn't get used very often. I don't think many people your age even know what it is. You bring out the best in me Ken, thank you. Let's go to trading in Indianapolis who is joining us now trading. How can we help? Hey, thanks for taking my call. You Bet. Here's, here's my question for you. So I just started my fourth year of college for my degree in criminal justice. But I recently found out I'm gonna have to take at least an extra two years after this one to finish my bachelor's degree. Why? I just started a new job where I'm making a hundred thousand dollars a year right now full time with the option to get upwards of 150,000 So I.


Guess my question is, is it worth it to continue with school to get my degree And I most likely won't use or drop out and pursue my career? Well the way you just positioned it, no it's not worth it to stay. But let me backtrack a little bit. Why are you being told all of a sudden that you need two more years for a total of six years for your criminal justice degree? Well, during my sophomore year I had, I lost one of my good friends of mine and it, I didn't focus that much on school. So that's pro, that's where I got behind. Oh, I see. So you said you just found out, it wasn't like the school dropped this on you, this is just you, you don't have as many credits as you need.


Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Well what's the job you're doing now where you're making a hundred grand with a potential to make 150? I'm a pipe fitter. Fantastic. Do you like it? I love it. Oh man, that d done gimme my gavel and my robe. George. The jerry has spoken. I absolutely would drop outta college. Okay. What's the other alternative here? You, you're in school for three more years to get a criminal justice job that pays half of what you're making now. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. No. What sense does that make? Does that make any sense to you? Trading? What was that? Does it make any sense to you to stay in, you called us, it's your call.


Do you think it makes any sense? Okay. Unless you said, I hate this pipe fitting job. I really love criminal justice. Right. I need to do this. Yeah. It doesn't sound like that's the case. Did you kind of fall into like, well I guess I'll do criminal justice. Where did this come from? I used to, I I always wanted to do it. And then now more recently with, you know, how cops are looked at nowadays and everything like that, I just don't. And the pay cut And I love what I'm doing right now. I absolutely love it. Good. So it's just kind of hard for Well, I, I, I listen, I I'm glad you called and the reason I asked you what do you think is, 'cause at the end of the day, it's not about George and I's opinion on this And I think you were probably leaning that direction and, and I'm gonna tell you, you have a path to not just 150,000, you have a path to being a multimillionaire because you, you will eventually learn this trade to a point where you may end up owning your own business.


I'm assuming that's crossed your mind. Yeah. Yeah. Now you're creating jobs and, and and so this is a no-brainer. And I. And I appreciate the call though because I think a lot of people think, man, I've been in it this long, I don't wanna be a college dropout. You're talking to a college dropout. I am a college dropout. Not a loser, not a grifter drifter, all the things. Right? I just knew that it was time to go work on campaigns, political campaigns and So I didn't need to sit in an upper level government class when I had the opportunity to go be in part of the fight. And that was my path. So, you know, And, I ended up, you know, moving into my early thirties into broadcasting, which again didn't require a degree.


So it's always is a degree required or is it the best way? So the only way or the best way and in this situation you've got really clear direction for your future. So I say drop out and don't let anybody talk you out of it. Okay. You got any student loan debt or any other debt? I got maybe 15,000. Okay. You can crush that As you start working. I would aggressively pay that off. He's already Working to get an emergency fund. You already got the job making a hundred k. Yeah. Okay man. Well now with your focus fully on this job, the sky's the limit. Knock out the debt, get an emergency fund and start building some wealth my friend.


Yeah, you know what? He's not broke but I wanna keep him from being broke. So. I wanna give him a copy of your book, George, I appreciate that. To, to avoid the traps. 'cause there's A lot of them Out there. You don't have to be broke to get a lot outta your book. And. I want him to have a good path going forward. As You start making money, that's where the traps show up. You start to inflate your lifestyle and this book's gonna help you keep you on the straight and narrow trade. So hang on the line, we'll send you a copy of breaking free from Broke. Appreciate the call. Absolutely. Catherine is up in San Antonio, Texas. Catherine, how can we help? Hi. Oh this is so exciting. Okay. I've always listened to Dave Ramsey and like I've followed his advice and completely out of debt. I just, this month that passed reached over a hundred K like net, net worth like super liquid and followed.


Nice Way to go. Catherine. Hello. Thank you And. I have like no debt. We have, me and my husband have no debt like we do. Awesome. Wow. All investments and thanks to the rooms because I'm like a first generation immigrant, so Oh definitely that's what's up. Amazing. Nice. Yeah. And So I. Guess my question is this, now that you know, we're at a point where we are managing like in the six figures, I'm trying to figure out if I should invest in like mutual funds or ETFs or like kind of what balance to have. I'm trying to figure out like make my money grow. Right now I have a target retirement fund for my Roth, but it's got like a 7% return annual And I.


Think those typically are lower than like What account are you talking about? Is this your retirement? Is it an IRA or a 401k Roth? It's a, that's a Roth. So Roth but is it 401k or an ira? You can have different IRA. Okay, so this is not through your employer. You set up a Roth IRA. You're maxing it out every year, I imagine The Roth? No, so that's kind of what I'm trying to figure out. So I'm maxing out the benefits in my, like in my traditional 401k. Okay. But Do you have a Roth 401k option through your employer? I do. And. I actually just changed that. So To traditional 4%, So 4% Roth to Roth and then like the 3% to traditional.


Why the split? I just heard that like at this income level that I'm making, it's like good to like your, to keep your tax rate from going up but also taking advantage of my current tax rate. It's good to split half and half. So you're doing it slightly for the tax deduction because on the Roth 401k Yeah, you don't get the tax deduction. Yeah, exactly. Oh you'll pay taxes on that money later. Right. So to split it I guess. Okay, well I'll tell you what I do and what Dave Ramsey does. You do what you will with this information. Dave, And, I, both do Roth 401k only. And if Dave had traditional money, he'll roll it over every year to the Roth side so that it grows tax free.


And when he's in his retirement, if he ever retires at 90 years old, that money he, it'll be like net income at that point. If you have 2 million sitting in a Roth 401k, that's 2 million you can spend without any gov without Uncle Sam getting his grubby hands on it, which I love. And you're not worried about what are my taxes gonna be in retirement and will tax rates go up in 30 years when I retire? I like not having to worry about any of that and just knowing that I've already paid the taxes. Yeah. So your question, should you do ETFs? Should you do mutual funds, index funds in a retirement account? Depending on your options, mutual funds are a great bang for the buck. ETFs are not bad. Those are exchange traded funds. I'm sure you know, but I'm explaining for the audience, they're investment hybrid.


So it has the diversification of a mutual fund, hundreds of stocks in there, but it has the tradeability of a single stock and so there's intraday pricing so it, they can be bought and sold throughout the day, whereas a mutual fund closes at one price at the end of the day. So there's nothing wrong with them, but it can create this sort of gamified thing where you wanna buy and sell, which I hope you never do. You wanna hold. So for those reasons, I would probably stick to mutual funds and index funds. ETFs might have slower, a slightly lower costs, but otherwise there's not really no big difference there. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks. Hope that helps for call. Thanks Katherine for the call and congrats. I love that. Love her story there. Crush. They're absolutely off and running. Great advice, George. Good hour my friend.


Good news. All right, don't move folks. We might be back for some of you, we might be back. Join us on The Ramsey Network app. There you go.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad A bing bad a b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.