
Hey, you guys. Cyber Monday deals are here. So shop meaningful Christmas gifts that won't bust your budget right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Campbell RAMSEY personality, author of the number one bestselling book, breaking Free from Broke He, is my co-host today, and we're, we're here to help you guys. Also check him out on YouTube. That show's going to Zoom, zoom. Phone number here is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Darlene is in Philadelphia. Hi Darlene, how are you? Hi, Dave. I'm great. Thanks for taking my call. I feel blessed today talking to the both of you.


Well, We're honored to have you. How can we help So? I Just wanted some financial advice or thoughts. I'm 54. I've never been married. I have no children. I live in a different state than where I grew up and as I'm aging, I'm realizing that I will likely move back to my home state to have that support in, in, in aging in about 10 to 11 years when I retire. But a job opportunity came up this past fall that I applied for and wasn't expecting to get, but they did offer me the job. And I, just have some financial concerns about it. Not sure if it's wise for me to, to move back now.


So one is the salary. They're, and this is through negotiation. They're offering me what I was making last year at my current employer. Currently I have a pension if I leave Now what do you make? I'll, I make, right now I make 104, almost 105. But I also, we have a lot of overtime I work in healthcare and I'll be making like gross about 11,000 in the overtime this year. I, we have a pension. If I leave now, it'll be about $400 a month as opposed to possibly, like, I think I've figured out possibly $1,800 a month.


The overtime, they're 4 0 3 B, they don't start matching. I have to be there a full year before they start matching. And Now what, what are they gonna pay you? What, What are they gonna pay you? Base One oh two five. And where is it? It's in upstate New York. It's in Bighamton, New York. I'm guessing less expensive than the Philadelphia area that you're in now. It really isn't about the same. It really isn't. Housing, housing is, but, and I go back frequently. 'cause I have an elderly father and my, my family's there. Really? It's not, there's a lot more taxes. Income tax is gonna be more than what I pay here.


Utilities, they, I was just looking at my dad's utility bill and they tax a lot compared to what they do here in Pennsylvania. Can You afford to live there comfortably? Are you debt free with an emergency fund? This wouldn't really cramp your lifestyle too much. Yes. Okay. The the numbers, the numbers are fairly equal. You're not giving me, you're not telling me it's Not a 50% pay. Yeah, It's not like 150 versus a hundred. It's 1 0 2 versus 1 0 4 versus a little bit of difference in cost of living one way or the other. A little bit of taxes one way or the other. So the question comes down to where does Darlene wanna live and where does Darlene wanna work? Okay. Because I was concerned about the pension, losing that money for the pension as well as the overtime that they don't give.


Like I wouldn't make overtime there. They, I wouldn't have to work as much, but The overtime, well do what, what does Darlene wanna do? Okay, No, We're gonna wanna be working overtime. What, what do you wanna do? You know, I'm used to the money and I. I gotta be honest, Dave, everything that you speak is how my parents raised us. I mean it's to a t So just, I just wanna make sure I have enough money going. Are you nursing, you know, moving back? Am I What? Are you a nurse? I am in rehab. I'm a speech therapist. Okay, so you can pick up side hustles too if you wanted to. I can. Okay. But I did side hustles for like 22 years.


So I wouldn't. No, I'm saying If, if you're gonna do overtime, I need to overtime's called Side Hustle. It's the same thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So if you were up there and you picked up a side gig doing some tutoring, so to speak, then you could offset the overtime difference. So it really does come down to quality of life. Okay. 'cause the numbers you're giving me aren't like, whoa, you know, there's not any real, there's not real thing that breaks the camel's back here, so, okay. No straw here. So, okay. That's what I wanted to, to get clear. Clear. Because just the pen, the thing was the pension and the overtime that, and, okay, So here's throwing Me off, But yeah, you're saying you're, you're a very analytical person and And I am too.


But I, I want you to just say, okay, God, which of these two things gives me peace? Right? What causes you to exhale? And as Delony says, your shoulders drop, is it staying or is it going? And that's but the answer to my question, if I'm you, what do you think, George? Yeah, well, I, I think there's more than the numbers here she needs to dig into of what is, is it the fear of just change at 54? Is it, is it gonna be, she's gonna do it anyway. Is the grass greener on that side? What if I move And life isn't different? And so that's the stuff you gotta grapple with on top of just doing the budget. And I think the numbers are gonna work themselves out. It's more the other pieces that I think think she's really concerned about.


There's no grass that's green up there this time of year on either place. Exactly. It's gonna be cold either way, Darlene. So just make the move, be closer to family and you're a hard worker. You're gonna be fine financially. Yeah. You're, you're gonna be okay. And yeah, nothing's set in stone. And, and by the way, if you don't like it, you can change it. But yeah, I, I I think that's a good idea. You know, it is real smart to look at cost of living because everyone automatically assumes and she's very wise to have done the research she's done. They automatically assume if you're going to a different area that it's gonna be a lot more, it's gonna be a lot less. And sometimes it is. But main factor in that, like as she recognizes usually real estate. Oh yeah. Usually that's the main difference.


I mean the difference in, you know, Los Angeles or San Francisco and you know, small town. USA is, you know, gas prices, little bread and eggs, little housing a Lot. That's the one. Yeah. That's the one that throws you. And it just changes everything. In Tennessee, we have no income tax. So people don't realize if you get a job in Tennessee, even of a pay cut, it might be equal comparatively to California or New York where you have a lot of income taxes. Yeah. That's those, you know, I was noticing a p an article this morning. The a million people have left New York and California Wow. In the, because we've been covering this since Covid with the migration there in The last 12 months. Yeah.


And it just has continued. Yeah, it's continued. And, and they're landing in income tax free states, Texas. Look at that. Texas and Florida are the two primaries and Tennessee falls in there too. But they landed income tax free states and, and they land in states that were open during the dec d the draconian shutdowns. And so freedom issues. And so Financial and political I mean What's driving a million people have been displaced. Wow. A million. And left those two states and went somewhere else. So yeah, that does enter into it. Taxes. It turns out you can't tax the rich. They leave, They will just peace out. I'm gone. They Leave.


They have options. So, so much for your theory on that. It's a I'm done. You know, load up the U-Haul. Oh wait, I'm rich. I'll let someone else load up the U-Haul. That's the real flex. Yeah. That's where I wanna be in life. No movers ever again. I'm not doing it. I'm not lifting a finger. Yeah. And also you need to even somebody said, Dave, you have a pickup. Do you have those friends that ask me, ask you to help move? and I said no they wouldn't be friends. No one's Ever text You. I'm not moving Anybody saying, Dave, can I borrow the truck? You want me to help you move? Do you mean you want me to pay your mover? You want me to help you move? Is that what you mean? I Would rather support a GoFundMe for you to get movers than me. Help you load up that Truck. I'm not doing either one. If you need a GoFundMe to move, you got other issues. Don't ask Dave to borrow his raptor. He will not allow it.


No, It's your own Raptor. Or my 64-year-old back. Either one. You can't have either one of them. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety. So I'm also a Burna guy. Burna is the un Gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burna is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force. Because a Burna pistol immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna Pistols, And I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burner right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other Burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Berna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


Well I think they call this Cyber Monday, which I'm learning about. 'cause my, I'm tech savvier Dave, My wife was really excited about it. So there you go. Really? Is Sharon the online shopper in the family now? Apparently. Wow. Apparently that happened. So there we go. I love a good deal. So Cyber Monday, one day sale prices as low at RAMSEY is $4 and 99 cents. Our bestselling hardcover books, assessments like the Total Money Makeover, building a non-anxious life. The Get Clear Assessment all on sale just for $10. Really The $10 sale. Pretty Wild Cyber Monday's Real audio books, just $4 and 99 cents. Dad gum. This is a great sale. First time ever. Georgia's book, breaking free from Broke only $12. That's a big deal, Dave, because we launched this in January. This Is thinking, this is like a real sale. It's been 22 bucks and right now it's the cheapest it's ever been. $12. That's, this is like real. I'm, I'm impressed. So I mean you go from a negative net worth to Millionaire and listen 10 years. You talk about how to do it in here for 12 bucks. That's good information man. Amazing. Alright. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. You can actually buy gifts for people that have meaning, not last year's ugly tie. Come on people. Yeah. Listening on YouTube or podcast. Click the link or you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com back slash store.


Jared is with us in Oklahoma City. Hi Jared, welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi. How are you guys doing? Better than We Deserve, brother. What's up? I know that. So I'm 23 and I am saving up to buy a house. And I was looking for guidance 'cause I, I'm the first time buying And, I have no idea where I'm going. I've almost got my 20% and that's where I'm at. Good for you. What do you do for a living? I do pest control. Good for you. So cool. How much have you got saved? Killing bugs apparently pays. Yeah. How I've got, I've got 20, 26,000 and I'll have the rest of it by mid-January.


Wow. So What's the rest About four or five grand. Yeah. Good for you. What do you make? 70? Yeah. You're single obviously. Yes. And. I do nothing but work. 60, 70 hours, sometimes 80 hours a week. Right now it's grind time. Jared is no fun, but he has money. That's fun. Jared's gonna be a homeowner in his early twenties. That's fun. Way to go. Jared. What You're saying about living like nobody else? Yeah. You're doing it or All that? I I'm just working like a dog right now. So, I can enjoy a little bit of my fruit. So you have any debt? No. Good. And you have an emergency fund in addition to this down payment.


That was gonna be my next, Your next I save roughly my next after I buy it. I was just gonna pick up a side. No, we'll we'll take some of the money and make it the emergency fund and then we'll save up the down payment. You don't move into a house without an emergency fund. 'cause houses are an emergency looking for a place to happen. Yeah, Yeah. Like crap breaks. Like as soon as you move in, it's like Murphy's Law, a repairman at my house today. And it was, and we, it's brand new. They don't make 'em like they used to. Well I mean it's just part of life. It's just like stuff you got, the more stuff you have, the more repairmen you have to know, which is It's an exposed wooden box.


Stuff's gonna happen. So you need the emergency fund three to six months of expenses. So add up what your expenses are for one month. Multiply it for a single guy like you, you could lean towards a three to four month mark. Anything above that becomes your down payment. And 20% down is a great goal because you'll avoid PMI, which is private mortgage insurance, Which means you're now looking at March. Okay. That's, that's reasonable. But that's still okay. Yeah, that's good. You're, you're listen dude, you're killing it. I'm so proud of you. Way to go. Who taught you to be this smart? For sure. Honestly, I honestly nobody. Okay. I I've just like, and it's not like a, a bad thing. Like I was just I mean kind of.


You, I took your class was in our high school. There we go. And I kind of remember. And then I, I had, we had this class called Deca. It's like a Oh yeah. It, it teaches you how to present and Oh Yeah. I think Rachel Did that. Rachel was in Deca. Yeah, I was student. I was the president of the class. Senior year. And I went to national. It was supposed to be in Nashville, but Covid hit tr tragically. Oh, okay. So. I was first in the school. Second way to go, Jared. Way to go. So man, you are doing so good. The only thing I would coach you on is to do that what we talked about. Let's have the down payment plus the emergency fund, which puts us into March.


And then when you are getting ready to buy, do not buy a project, something you have to work on all the time. No, that's I definitely want. Okay. And do not buy and buy something that's easy to resale, which means it's kind of boring. It's not like some kind of, it's not some kind of weird 200. Do what? My spot, like my, my price is between like one 50 and 200. That's a good price range. But when you're spending the money, don't buy something that you look at it and go, oh, I got a good, good deal. 'cause this is weird. 'cause when you get ready to sell it, somebody's gonna get a good deal. 'cause it's weird.


And you're gonna sell it when you get married because you'll find out you bought the wrong house when you find her. So that's okay. Go ahead and buy the house, but buy something that you can resell and make money on fairly easily. And you'll, you know, you'll be sitting there at 27 with a big grin on your face. Having made a bank on this $150,000 house, that's now 300 I don experienced that exact same thing. Yeah. Our first town home. And you, you buy in a good area with good schools, you start to look at this stuff and It was, it was a, you know, it was a nice place, but in terms of it wasn't like super special. Unique. It unique. It's Nobody's dream home unique. It wasn't weird, you know, it was just like, okay, boom.


That's one. That's right. Three bedroom town home is all it was. And, and yeah. And, and during the time you owned it, it went up how much? Oh My goodness. I mean three years we lived there, it went up over 200 grand. Yeah, That, that's what I just Said. And we bought it at three. And so you're talking almost a hundred percent. Yeah. I just did that So I went one 50 to 300. Just like I Yeah. When He is 27 in three years. Yeah. That's amazing. So do it the right way. You want it just to be no more than a quarter of your take home pay on that mortgage and make sure you choose a 15 year. Yeah, exactly. Because you're too young to have a 30 year mortgage sitting around your neck Fixed. 15, 15 year, you're fixed. Because a paid off home mortgage is one of the keys to being a baby steps millionaire. Caden is in Greenville, South Carolina.


Hey Caden, what's up? Hey. Hey Dave. how are you doing today? Better than I deserve? How can I help? So I just wanted to come on and just ask a quick question. You know, I took your class last year with a Sunday school class, but I'm a recent graduate from Clemson. I just graduated in May. Congratulations. And, and thank you sir. And I wound up in a pretty good, in a pretty good situation financially with, with, with my present work. But I'm, I'm pursuing medical school in, in the, in the near future. You know, I I'm looking at possibly starting in about two years from right now. But I'm just wondering, you know, how is the best way to save up for something of that magnitude, Aggressively, you Know?


Okay. I mean, how much are you making? You said a good situation. What'd you land in? I'm making about 60,000 salary and then, but I, but I think with, when, when overtime comes, which is I'll get salary and overtime I could easily, you know, working, we're working extra hours probably wind up in the 70, 80 range. Good. Okay. And just live like a college student in bank, all of it, right? Yes. So would it be best to try to knock that down? Like pay off all of that? Or take out a, take out a, you know, a a a loan for the four years of medical school. Kayden, you went through our class.


Yes. Yeah. You, you never heard me ever tell somebody to borrow money, have you? No, Sir. Probably not gonna start today, brother. Dang. That would've been amazing though. Caden was the first one ever he made. Dave said, all right, I'll make it. I want you to save like a maniac and I want you to go to a medical school that you can afford. And I've got a feeling you're gonna be al almost ready to pay cash for it if you watch what you're doing. Now the problem with medical school is people get so excited when they get accepted and sometimes they get accepted to a place they can't afford. And very few times do you go to your doctor and go, wait a minute, doc, before we do the exam, where'd you go to school?


No one asks. All they ask is, do you have that md If there's a frame on the wall, I go, all right, I'm Good. I'm assuming to start with that, you have a clue. An MD do your research. That's what you're after. So find Out what these schools cost and choose an affordable one. It's A big difference out there. Huge spectrum. It's mind blowing what some of these places charge. It's like all college for that matter and what some of them don't charge. This is The Ramsey Show. For free tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the show notes.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


George Kamel RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author is my co-host today. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Lauren is in St. Paul. Hi Lauren. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Well, hello Dave. How are you today? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, I have a question regarding long-term healthcare insurance. My husband And I, back when we were married, bought whole life life insurance policies. 'cause that's what our parents did for us. So we changed them over on and on. Our financial advisor is suggesting that we cash those in and invest in a long term care insurance nurse for nursing home and that in the future.


Just wondering what your thoughts are on that situation. Well, cashing the whole life in is a no brainer. Assuming you have enough life insurance to take care of you, what's y'all's net worth Right now? About 600,000. Okay. And how old are you guys? We are 62 and 64. Okay. If he dies with no life insurance, are you okay? Yes. Yes. I I mean financially. Yes. Yes, I would be fine. Yes, because he, that does not include what his, so he He is He is a minister and he would get like a retirement through, through there also that, That survive, that survives him.


Yes. Yeah. He cannot collect that till He is 67 and a half. But you can, you can collect it if he dies. Yes, I can. Okay. Alright. So you're okay to eat. You don't need life insurance. Yeah. So dropping the whole life is a no-brainer. Okay. Right now, long-term care insurance, what you wanna do there is you wanna shop it among several different companies. Okay? Okay. And, and, and basically try to get the best deal. In other words. And So, I don't know who your, what's your financial advisor? If they're selling only for one company, that's a problem. Do they sell only for one company?


No, she suggested several different ones. Good. Okay. That's a good, here. Here's what you get. Here's what you get today. You get three years of coverage and that will cover 90 some odd percent of the cases. Very few people live three years. Once they get to a nursing home, statistically it's 2.8 years. Okay. On average. Okay. Now what normally happens is mom and dad go along like you guys have, and you've got a good nest egg here. And 75% of you ladies outlive their husbands. I don't know exactly what's going on there, but we'll talk about that later. So, and, and so Papa died. Papa goes into a nursing home, burns up three or $400,000 'cause it's a hundred, a hundred and something thousand dollars a year.


And if he's there three years, it's 300 grand of your 600 and then dies and leaves. Mama with the nest egg having been scrambled and fried. So I think you guys are a real candidate for nursing home insurance. The three years of coverage that you probably can buy. And it's fairly reasonable if you shop around and you know, you, you want to, you know, the other look for a feature that has in-Home Care as well, because it's sometimes cheaper and some, and, and oftentimes a better quality of life to have in-home care. And so, yeah, I think you're getting good advice.


Okay. No red flags here. Yeah. What, what our, what our concern was, it would swing us up to a quite a big payout every month for this insurance. And so just, you know, How how much are they, they quoting you? 6 79 a month for both. That would be two, $200,000 Life insurance or long-term care Yeah. Policies. Yeah. And how much are you getting out of the whole life policies? What are they valued at right now? Yeah. What, what's your cash value you're gonna get when you close 'em Between the two of us? Around 52,000. Yeah. So I pays for it, But the cost seems very reasonable.


I mean, I'm seeing the stat here. In 2023, average 60-year-old man paid 1200 bucks per year. That's about right. For a level policy. So I don't hear anything that your financial advisor's saying. That's, that's like shooting rockets off wrong. It's all correct. The only thing you need to do is get down in the details and understand it and get comfortable with it. You're gonna use some of that 50 grand offset your first year of costs to move that in maybe some of the second year. And you know, then you've gotta decide how far out you want to stretch this. Now you are 64. If you don't touch the 600 by the time you're 71, you will drop the long term. 'cause you'll have 1,000,002 to 1,000,005. You can stomach the risk at that point.


Exactly. That's The point of insurance. It'll transfer risk to the insurance company instead of you. And right now, you guys couldn't stomach that with your net worth to take a $300,000 hit. Yeah. So George, it suddenly occurred to me, I've told people all these years, don't buy long-term care insurance until you're 60. And I really haven't talked a lot about if you build substantial wealth that you self-insure until I just woke up and went Dad gum. I'm 64. So what, what happens if Sharon or I are in a situation where we're incapacitated? Well, I get, you know, we've got money and So, I don't mean that in a bragging way, but you know what I'm gonna do? Get like a bed that lets up and down and hire somebody to live there and take care of one of Us.


Dave's not leaving the house. It's a lot. You know, I, you think I'm No, we're, you know, you Don't wanna play Bingo. You can do that at home. Yeah. Online or something, but yeah, no I mean it's just, I, I can hire a dadgum medical butler and not think anything about it, you know, full time. Put 'em in the house, take care of us or her or me or whoever it is. And the other one be just equip this, create the same exact environment but better. Yeah. In your own home because you got the money to do it. You're self-insured. And I. I just determine, determined. That's what we'll do. So we're not a candidate for a nursing home under any circumstances.


I can think of I mean, I guess there'd be some extreme thing maybe. But I mean I, at this moment in time, financially, we don't need to do that. Well think about the cost 350 grand. So think about that as part of your net worth as the listener. If you can stomach that from your nest egg without it affecting your life, you could self-insure. That's your average. That's The average with the average stay. Which means that some people don't make it that long and some make it longer. Right. And so, you know, you've got early onset and good health. You could be there 10 years. Mm. Yeah. I'm seeing the stat here. 20% will need it for more than five years. Okay. So one in five people will have a longer stay.


Yeah. But like you said, most people, it's, you know, two years Average is 2.8. Yeah. So good. Cti Christiana, Christina. Christina is in San Francisco. Hi Christina. How are you? Hi Dave. Pretty good. How are you Better than I deserve? What's up? Well, I'm a disabled veteran. I, I got my disability in 2020. And I got a, you know, a sizable check and wanted to buy a house with that And I make about, you know, 4,200 a month on the disability, which is very good. So I ended up just buying a piece of land because the whole process of like trying to find a good real estate agent didn't work out well.


And, and then I waited to build. And then here I'm four years later, And, I have not built a house yet. There's no utilities on the property yet. I'm living in my travel trailer on the property legally, but I still don't have a house. And we're, we're trying to work through the process. My dad is now helping me. I cannot afford really to build on my own. I need him to help me. I need a co-signer and, And you can't afford to build, which, And I Yeah. I can't afford to build You bidt off more than you can chew, right? Yep. Pretty much. Yeah. And so the property, it's in a city, you know, it's a half acre.


It's a, so it's a great size. I bought it for two 50 with 25% down, which was required by the lender. So. I. Now I only owe about 160,000 on it. And it's worth 2 65 or it's, it's assessed by the county at 2 65. Oh, it's worth then it's worth 365 or 400. Yeah, It's probably, it would probably sell for more than I bought it for. Oh, I think so. You need to sell it. Buy something you can afford. There's no point in keeping it. I mean you can't, if you can't do it without a cosigner, you don't need to be doing it. You're gonna get yourself Well I mean you're gonna get yourself and your dad in a pinch. Okay. I wouldn't do that. Well, but yeah, the concern is that right now I'm paying about a quarter of my monthly income for just the land loan.


Yeah. So sell the land. Yeah. And go buy something you can afford. You can't afford to build on it, huh? That's what you told me. and I don't want you to do that. I appreciate you serving your country and I don't want you to get handcuffed to a bad deal. And I don't want your dad handcuffed to a bad deal. Let's don't do this.


Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of delete me as your online bodyguard, helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more. And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you. And they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Delete Me has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family. And I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam techs, and fewer creepy robo calls. So this holiday season, share peace of mind by gifting a delete me subscription to someone you love. Or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month and you can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


George Kamel RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. The RAMSEY question of the day is brought to you by why refi We trust, why refi? Because they help people who have defaulted private student loans to refinance with low fixed interest rate that they couldn't get anywhere else. Chris had a student loan and he cut his payment by over 40% with Y refi. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Glenn in New York. Should I change my investing strategy? I'm 50 years old and debt free with an emergency fund. I currently put 10% in a Roth IRA and another 5% in my 401k from work. Should I contribute more to my 401k to max it out or get with a financial advisor and start investing in individual mutual funds? Currently I have around 600 grand in my 401k and the Roth has about 20 K. All right, so we're debt free. We're 50. That's good. We're investing 15%. So the question is, does he have a mortgage and is the house paid off if So I would continue to invest more and max out those accounts before working with the individual mutual funds outside of retirement?


Yeah. If you're in baby step seven, meaning, and your house is paid off, we don't use the 15% rule. We say Max out all available retirement accounts, everything you can put in a 401k, everything you can put in the Roth. If your company has a Roth 401k instead of a traditional 401k, I would shift to that too. That would be my plan. But I'm with you, George. If, if your home is not paid off, then you need to be working and pay off your home and leave this at 15%. You're fine. You're in good shape, dude. I mean when you are 57, you're gonna have 1,000,002. If you don't add anything to it when you are 64, you're gonna have 2.4.


If you don't add anything to it so that you know if you're invested in good mutual funds, it sounds like you are. It sounds like you're doing the right things here all the way around. But no, I don't think you need to move to individual mutual funds. The only reason you would move some to that is if you were going to quit work before 59 and a half. I don't see that happening here. I didn't hear anything in this email that made me think that was going to occur. If that's the case, you would need to do what we call bridge investing, which is have some money that's not in a retirement account that you can get to before 59 and a half to have something to eat with. That's always a nice plan too. So that eating thing is good. The so yeah, I mean you're that that's, That's It.


And George, that's the second time in this hour we've used that. So here, here's a little quick lesson. Boys and girls, there's a thing called an A math anomaly called the Rule of 70 twos. And if you take an interest rate or a growth rate on your mutual fund, divide it into the number 72, it will take you, tell you how long it takes a lump sum to double. Okay? And so if you're making 10% on your mutual fund's, average into 72 is 7.2 years to double. And so that's what I just did. I'm assuming he's gonna be making at least that if he's 50 at 57, he would have not 600, but 1.2 at 64 7 more years, he would have 2.4 and we could go all the way to 71 and have him sitting there at almost $5 million.


And this played out in real life, Dave. I went back and looked at the actual stats under Trump's presidency. The first term, three and a half years in the stock market was up 53% under Biden. Three and a half years in it was up 50%. So 103% return in exactly seven years. Exactly what you say the stock market doubled in those seven years. Yeah. And that's about what it'll do. So this is not just an opinion or a math formula. It plays out in reality. And That's the averages I mean, you know, and, and so we don't know what's gonna happen from here exactly. But that's, that's, you know, that's a good thing to kind of coach yourself along and go, I think I'm gonna be okay. The key is to be invested. Raj is in San Francisco. Hey Raj. What's up? Hi. How you doing?


A first time caller? Long time Mr. Glad to be on the show. Well, thank you. How can we help? Okay. So. I. I'm a task professional. I'm a enrolled agent. Recently on the news I've been hearing that in order to reduce government inefficiencies and the, the Trump and team might remove income taxes and replace 'em with tariffs, that's all good. You know, that's, that's okay. But for a tax professional, how would I, I'm 33 years old, I have like about five years experience in the field. How would I facilitate a career change if, if that were to happen? I don't think it might happen, but you know, just in case it does.


Well, you figure out what your talents and passions were that drew you into this in the first place. So I'm guess I'm guessing you're like me, you're a bit of a math nerd. You're quick with details, you're mind grasps decision making flow charts on things like taxes. And so, you know, that tells me you need to move towards accounting. Yeah, yeah. Maybe some other things in accounting that are not taxes. Like maybe audit. Exactly. Exactly. And you know, something In private accounting Yeah. And or finance of all kinds. So your mind naturally goes there. And you know what? I I I'm with you. I don't see this as a high probability in the near future.


There could be a trend in that direction. It could take a while. The chances on, you know, three days after He is sworn in that you don't have a job or zero. So you're okay, we don't have to worry about this today. But what it, what it does do, it's interesting for you personally, is it kind of gives you that wake up call to go, Hey, maybe I want to do something with my life that's more than just taxes. Yep. Maybe I wanna broaden my horizons. Yeah. I've been in the field and my, the whole time I've been in the field, I was thinking that there's only two things that are true is death and taxes. Well, now we know one of 'em might not be true. Well, it, it might be true. It'll just take a different form.


Yeah. And, and so the, but again, the, the, the talents that you have, the way your mind works easily for you and hard for others, it takes you towards detail and towards finance and accounting and So, I, you know, you might sit for your CPA dude, you might, you might move, might go ahead. And this is just a thing that says, Hey, time for me to take the next step in my career regardless of Trump, regardless of what they do. That, that we're not gonna sit and wait around on the White House to fix or destroy our lives. Either one. We're just gonna go out with our lives. What's the right thing to do? And so maybe this is just God giving you a little nudge to say You need to get some education, some skills, and maybe expand the horizons a bit.


I would, I think it'd be good for your practice anyway. Yeah. Because right now you've got a very seasonal thing that you, you, you work like a maniac and then you're off the rest of the year basically. I mean 90% down. And so it's not like September's big in the tax prep business, you know? So, you know, we do a little work around this time of year in the tax prep business 'cause people are getting ready for year end stuff, especially small business people, those kinds of things. There's some moves you can make right now. You need to check with your tax pro right now, baby. But, but by and large, you know, you got this sprint in the first quarter takes you down to April 15 or so and may spill over into May with some late filings and stuff.


But after that you're just kind of out So, I. I'd be looking for something to supplement anyway. Absolutely. And maybe find a niche you might find you like working with a certain type of client and that might be your specialty that you dive into. Yeah. We've got tax LPs, people that we endorse to do taxes, endorse local providers, thousands of them all across America. And we are not advising them to prepare for their business to end. Yeah, I'd I'd turn off the news if, if you're getting paralyzed by that. Yeah. I'm, I'm, again, I have no idea any more than anybody else what the new president's going to do. But, but it, the, it's gonna be a bit, it's gonna be a bit things, things move slower than than that.


I don't think you're gonna get a call one day and go, whoop, there's no income tax. Although on a personal note, it wouldn't piss me off at all if there was just suddenly no income tax. I'd be going, oh wow. Oh, I get to you mean, you mean all the the things that, the money that I make helping people, I get to keep the money that I made instead. That's right. And it's not triple taxed Instead, instead of sending it to you people. Have you ever thought about that though? When you get you're taxed on your income, you then use that money, it's taxed again. And then the person who gets that money pays taxes on the money they get as the business owners. It just keeps going. And, and then when you die, they tax you again, The death tax Yeah. On your estate. Yeah. So it's just an endless taxation of the dollar. Yeah. It's just, yeah.


I have thought about it. Am I turning into a boomer? I you you are. Is it happening? You've been sitting next to one for too long and the it's rubbed off. The, the the spirit of rage is leaving my body and moving into your shoes. Oh no. Soon on me yelling at kids to get off my lawn. Yeah. That happened to me this week actually, but Oh well. It was your grandkids Dave. It's different. No, it was No, my neighbor yelled at me to get off his lawn, but yeah. There you go. A bold move. Yeah, bold move. He was sort of kidding. Maybe. This is The Ramsey show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right. Hey, it's that time of year when it's getting a little colder. It's getting dark earlier and sometimes we just wanna stay inside and get cozy.


For me, the perfect night at home when I'm trying to be cozy is me and my whole family under a bunch of big blankets. Watching the TV show or reading a book, whatever your perfect night in looks like, therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in, get cozy, replenish your energy and take care of yourself. Therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort, especially during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapists. You can talk with your therapist just about anywhere so it's convenient for your schedule.


Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Campbell RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author of the book, breaking Free from Broke on Sale on Cyber Monday right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com.


He's my co-host. Open phones at triple eight eight two five two two five. Ann is in Phoenix. Hi Anne. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi. Hi. What's up? So My question is, is it worth dipping into our emergency fund while we fight insurance to make sure I'm okay medically a little more into that. They think I'm having an ectopic pregnancy and my husband's all for dipping into the emergency fund. 'cause He is already done the math. He's 20 steps ahead and instead of fighting insurance, he would rather just make sure I'm okay.


Literally Thursday and then fighting insurance for a month. and I have to go in for emergency surgery. Well, I think your husband is a hundred percent right. It sounds like an emergency to me. It's urgent. It's necessary. And it's unexpected. Yeah. Yeah. Checks the boxes. Me? What are you a Navy, Navy seal? You don't, don't you need to do this I mean No, no. You take, you need to take care of yourself. Girl. To me it's the insurance's problem. Like they, we have He is military, so we Have, I think it's your problem. You're sick security. Yeah. Okay. I think you fight with them. I I would argue with him up and down.


And. I would, I would go all, you know, I'd go all in right now. Yeah. And be tearing their freaking heads off. But, but at the end of the day, We've been doing that for about two weeks and now Yeah, well, don't stop at the point. Yeah. Don't stop. Yeah. Just keep keep doing it up until the day of. But yeah, you need to go and take care of yourself. Okay. Sounds Like your husband's worried about you. Yes. He is, He is very worried. Okay. What's the cost out of pocket? It would be initially just for the ultrasound. It's $500. And I. I am, I was a, I had a really bad spending habit. I love shopping.


I get it from every female I'm related to. So spending money now feels like a heart attack in my chest. Oh, because you, you've overcome impulsive shopping. Yeah. Well listen, an ultrasound when you're having a baby's not impulse. Okay. Now we'll do this. I will tell you that if you will shop around the wonderful town of Phoenix, you will find that you can probably get that ultrasound done for 250. Yeah. There's lots of places to do ultrasounds and their price range. Again, if you say no insurance, cash, when I walk in, what's your best deal? Like I, I want a coupon like you're a shopper. Okay.


Okay. You're gonna find that we find this all the time. I've actually advertised for a few ultrasound places over the years in certain cities and not one in Phoenix. And not lately, So I. Don't know the name of it. But I remember this concept. They came to us and go, oh, the reason everybody charges 500 or 600 bucks is 'cause insurance will pay it. But if you walk in there with cash, you can get it for 200. And that's what that company told us that does ultrasounds. So, and they advertised that for a while to try to steal business from the insurance ultrasound people or whatever. But yeah, shop around, get a better deal. But take care of yourself, kiddo. Okay. Husband's right. You're Worth it, by The way. He's always right. Give him a good hug. He's a good man. Okay.


Showing up on the scene, taking care of his wife. Saw Loot. Yes. He is a fantastic husband. Yes. He is. There we go. They're out there. There's also an app. They're All taken, but they're out there. There's an app called. Yeah, that's true. There's an app called Billy Dave. They're not a, a sponsor of ours, but they have this cool app. What it shows transparent pricing for procedures. So you can type in the CPT code, it'll tell you in your area what the cheapest facility is for that specific procedure. It's pretty cool. So it might be something you can check out as you as she does her research. Wow. I've never tried it personally, but I've heard good things. So might be an option to at least know you're not getting screwed. See I have a concept and George has an actual technical hack. There's an app for that.


Dave. There's Always an hack's. Always got a technical hack. For my good concept. I've Got about 400 apps. So. I didn't Even know that. That's so cool. Way it go, George. That's pretty. Yeah, Billy, we've talked to them. What's it Named after? Bill Clinton. I. Don't know I don Dunno if it's Billy as in the bill. Like medical bills. Oh it is. That's what it's I. Don't know Billy Goat. We'll find out. But Billy goat, it could be. I'm all about transparency 'cause I, I'm the one who hates getting screwed, feeling like I overpaid for something. So just to know I'm not getting screwed and this is actually a good deal. Makes me sleep better At night. That I've been paying cash for medical stuff for a long time out of pocket. And all you gotta do is just go, Hey, I am paying cash. It's not insurance. And most of the time it's like Discount. Yeah. Boom. I used to work at a doctor's office when I was 14 years old as the receptionist.


And if they were cash paid, oh, Wait A minute. Yes. Can you imagine walking in and seeing me? George, How tall were you at 14? About the same height. Dave, could you See over the desk? I maxed out at five and a half. That was it. You were the receptionist. I had to lean up a Little at a Doctor's office. I think I sat on a pillow at 14. That's right. Things I learned while I'm on the air in front of millions of people about George. That was my first real job, Dave. 12 bucks an hour. Wow. Yeah, you can pay big money back then. That was good money back then for a 15-year-old. Are you Kidding me? Well, I mean they were seriously overpaying You. But I remember they, we'd get the, the bills for the procedures and if they were a cash pay, the doctor would have me note it and it would be a severely discounted rate. You got that at 14.


At 14. I figured that Out. This is how George ends up with a book called Breaking Free from Broke. That's wisdom. He knows about Billy and he knows about I Can't mow a lawn to save my life. But I know a CPT Code year old George learns the hack for the medical system. Wow. Not on your bingo card. I did not see that coming today. George, answering The phone. I'm a, I'm a Renaissance man. Dave, you Answered the phone. Did you have a little headset? No. I mean it was, you know, people walking up. It was more in person. I'd answered the phones, which I was really good at. So I mean seriously folks and babies are one of the things that we've discovered this with the most, and this was all the way back from the early days doing the show before healthcare was what it is now, good or bad, whatever you wanna call it.


But in those days, sometimes people did not have labor and delivery coverage on their health system, on their health plan. And what we learned was, if you go to the hospital to have a baby, it's one of the few times that people want to go to the hospital. It's a good thing to go to the hospital. Most other times you're at the hospital. It's a bad thing. Right? And so labor and delivery is like good PR for hospitals. So if for some reason you find yourself not covered, go to the hospital in the first trimester and say, I'm gonna choose a hospital based on the deal that you give me for labor and delivery. And I'm gonna pay cash and I'll pay 50% of it upfront before we get here and the other 50% on the day we arrive.


So you will not be trying to collect and it's cash on the barrel head and you will see a 50 to a 70% reduction. And that's what, that's what we normally see from hospitals again. 'cause they really like babies to come to their place. 'cause it is the time that people come to the hospital. Everyone involved, the visitors are smiling, the participant is smiling. Everybody. Right? And so family's All visiting there. Yeah, it's a good thing. So, you know, keep in mind they, this is business they want, in other words. And so, and you know you're a cash buyer. You don't have insurance. This is how it's gonna be. They, they don't have to chase you for the money.


They got the money up front. Good. They like that serious. They like That discount. That works in a lot of stuff out there, ladies and gentlemen. But yes, if you are pregnant and you're having a trouble with your pregnancy, that is by definition an emergency. If you need to use some of your emergency fund, that's what it's for. This is The Ramsey Show. Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one, and replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years.


I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 even if you don't have a cash value policy. If you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com. It's Cyber Monday and Time is running out to grab bestselling hardcover books like The Total Money Makeover, own your Past, change your Future, and from Paycheck to Purpose for just $10 or audio books for only 4 99, no matter who you're shopping for.


This is your chance to give life changing gifts that won't break the bank. But Hurry, these Cyber Monday Deals end tonight. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store right now. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. George Kamel RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. DJ is with us in Austin, Texas. Hi dj, how are you? Hi Dave. Thanks for the call. Sure. What's up? Ironically, I, I'm a longtime listener, alright. And didn't know it, but I followed the steps and have, have without formal introduction to those steps or And, I didn't realize You had common Sense that I was, I guess because by accident, as I look back on it.


Alright, geez. I said I've been doing exactly what you're talking about and, and what you outlined. Great, great advice. Thank you. I agree with, with 90%, 95% of everything you said cash is king. My, my question is, once we get to your level or we get to the level that you, you would think is the top, what's your thoughts on maintaining that whole lot harder? Alright. To compound at this level than it was to get here and, and I'm just, I'm just amazed at what's going on in our world today and, and the leaks and, and the shots that everybody's taken to take it away from you.


Okay. Well the, the hard thing is not the actual compounding because a million dollars invested in mutual funds does the exact same. That 10 million does, does the exact same that a hundred million does. It's the exact same compounding or a million dollars invested in good real estate does the exact same thing a hundred million dollars does in good real estate. So the compounding is not the problem. The problem is a stink in taxation and estate planning and, you know, and, and maintaining your sanity as you manage more and more assets in terms of not letting it drive you bonkers.


Because the more stuff you own, the more repairman you have to know kind of thing. And, and so maintaining your let, actually getting peace from it rather than anxiety from it. You know what I'm saying? Yes Sir. I know very much what you're Saying. Yeah. So the spiritual aspect of it is, is more challenging. The tax and estate planning is more challenging and, and because the, as you said, more people taking shots at it and really risk management becomes a thing because, you know, all of a sudden somebody wants to just sue you because they gotta hangnail and Exactly. And they think it's easy money. So you gotta have risk management. So those are things that come that I've noticed have come into play.


And I think you just manage those things as if they're individual sciences. That's what I've done. I've said, okay, risk management, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna study that. I'm gonna learn about, you know, how to, how to split up the pie into small enough pieces that it doesn't have a big target on it and it doesn't, it's not as attractive to everyone to sue. I'm also going to not settle with anyone. I'm going to destroy them. If they come after me and try to get easy money, I'm gonna make an example out of them and their jack leg ambulance chasing attorney And, I've done that. I'm going to I mean I just set some policies in place and said, okay, here's what we're gonna do. And obviously we buy insurance and obviously I don't own anything anymore.


Everything's in some kind of a trust or an LLC or a C Corp or S corp, one of the two. And then estate planning, I've spent, you know, a couple of hundred grand over the last 20 years on estate planning, maybe more to save 20 or 30 million in estate taxes. And so, and then the same thing on income tax, which is just an ongoing thing. So I mean all, all I've done is I've just had to get better at those things as the size has gotten better, but the compounding is really not any trouble with the money making money. It's kind of bizarre. Well, you Don't have debt attached to it. Yeah. All that real estate cash flow is way better. Yeah, yeah.


And if you just leave the investments alone, it'll grow. Yeah. And so it's just, it, it's, it's one of the things that comes with the, you know, the, I'm, I'm a, a Christian, a person of faith and So I believe I'm not the owner. I'm managing it for God. And so if God asks me to manage something larger and more sophisticated, then I have to grow my skills, including the size of my backbone to handle whatever anxiety or comes to protect stress that comes, comes, comes, well, comes and the fight if I need to fight, including the, just growing my brain about some of these subjects that I didn't know before and that kind of thing as part of becoming a manager of, you know, if you're gonna manage, you know, one restaurant, it's different than managing 500 restaurants.


It's a different skillset, you know? And so even if you're a manager and you don't, not the owner, you're working for someone else, which is how I view it all. Also, by the way, dj, I'll just throw out again, my faith journey with that has really, really kept me from most of the time from being stressed out about this stuff. 'cause I just go, God, you got a problem, you have a problem, I'm the manager. What do you wanna do with your thing over here? They got this situation, you know? And in prayer I just say, okay Lord, what do you wanna do with your deal here? And sometimes he says, you wanna fix that for me, God. 'cause I, I don't know what I'm supposed to do here. And it's your thing, so what do you want? It's Not all on your should call, Call the owner and go the heat and airs out.


The renter called and said the, he airs out. You know, call the owner and So, I call the owner sometimes And I, I remember it. I'm not, God, I don't have to have all the answers. I'm not perfect. I'm gonna just do the best I can do with what the next right step. And that's released me from a, a large percentage of the stress that a lot of people feel in those situations where your wealth has compound. You feel like You could just screw it up overnight. Yeah, I I'm not gonna screw it up overnight 'cause I'm not gonna make one single thing that blows the whole thing up. I'm not, I'm, I'm not doing anything that's that reactionary or that risk. I'm not that I'm too risk averse to do that, but yeah, it, it's just, it's interesting.


So good stuff. Alright. Jennifer is in Portland, Maine. Hi Jennifer, how are you? I'm doing great. Thank you so much for taking my call, Dave. Sure. I've been following you for about 20 years and when I first heard you, I became debt free and we moved to Maine. We paid off our home in 10 years and it's given us financial freedom, so thank you. Well, thank you. Way to go. The reason I'm calling is I have an older cousin. I'm her only living relative. She has left everything in her will to me. She has a home that's paid for that's worth about $150,000.


She has a $30,000 HELOC on there. That's variable. She owes back taxes for last year of 4,300 and she's going to owe another 4,300 come due in January. She has $30,000 worth of unpaid credit cards that she stopped paying on about three years ago. She did have somebody convinced her to lease a Jeep and she paid that off, but then she went back to them and took a really high interest loan out. And I mean we're just kind of sitting here wondering what we should do.


If she lost this home, she'd have nowhere to go. She's got bad credit and no money. So how old Is she? 77. And she's not in overly the best of health. She does have an income of $3,500 a month that we've been trying to convince her to budget all these the last three years. Yeah. And she has done, she has not done anything really to help herself. Right. So And so That's her problem then. Well, we're wondering, is it, would it be, would it behoove us to pay the taxes and the HELOC off knowing that, Knowing that she's gonna go borrow it again in summer?


Mm. Yeah. I don't, I would hope to This one, well, this woman has a track record that's abysmal. It's like every time, every time something gets cleaned up, she messes it up again. Right. I don't wanna be a part of that. Right, right. She I mean. Okay, so you pay off the heloc and then the Jeep gets repoed and they sue her and so she goes and takes out another HeLOCK to pay the lawsuit. That what? That's what's coming I don't think, Yeah, I don't, I hate to say it, but I don't think she's smart enough to realize she could even do that. She's smart enough to get the HELOC the first time. Well, her husband who has, is deceased.


Did she, did he do the Jeep? No. Did he run up the credit cards? No. Right. I wouldn't do this. Jennifer. Jennifer. Okay. You're throwing good money after bat. I would coach her. I would love her. I would be cheering for her. I would write zero checks and the estate will pay Off her debts and whatever's left. If there is anything, you'll get it. Yeah. I doubt there Will be be I I I don't, I wouldn't have any expectation there. No, no. I think she needs to, I I would scare the p wa out of her. Hey, you guys, when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt, for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird if that means you're doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars.


And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom programs. Start as low as $98 a month, find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget. Hey, George Kamel here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home, it's exciting, but there's a lot to think about and all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence.


You'll find calculators start to finish guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours, truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. George Kamel RAMSEY personality is my co-host. It is that time of year. In a few weeks, we're going to be doing you all's favorite show here on The Ramsey Show, the Giving Show where we hear from people who have received gifts that were life changing or given gifts that were life changing. And for three hours we talk about that, to inspire you to live like no one else.


So later you can live and give like no one else. So we need to hear from you. If you wanna be part of that show and share your story of giving or receiving, that'll make our eyes leak and inspire people. Love it. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash ask. Put giving in the subject line. Leave us a little bit about your story. Team will get with you and set you up to be part of that program. It's gonna be on December the 18th, so you need to get your submissions in now. We do want to hear your story. Please go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash ask, put giving in the subject line. Brady is in Houston. Hi Brady, how are you? I'm good. How are you, Gordon or David?


Good. How can we help? Hey, I appreciate it. So me and my wife have come to the agreement that my current position as a, my, I'm a, I'm a business owner and it's not likely to get us to the goals that we've achieved, that we've set, that we want to end up in our lives. And my question to you is my wife is not willing to move away to find the right job that does that. She wants to stay close to her family. She's very close with them and they're close with her And. I'm close with them as well, but I'm more willing to go out and find that job, you know, far away from here if it, if that's what it is.


And she's very resilient to making that change. And there's not much job offers nearby where we live, but there are, you know, hour, hour and a half away from here. So how You're in Houston Communicate that? I'm in Brenham, yeah. Is about an hour and a half outside of Houston. Okay. So Houston's my nearest big town. Yeah. And so what kind of Job are you looking For? Got all the jobs. I'm a mechanical engineer. I, I've done, I've got experience in oil and gas and I've got experience in manufacturing, in aerospace safety systems. I'm actually looking right now for a role potentially in oil and gas, but also in, I know that there's a lot of space exploration that is Picking up.


So what would you be making in the new role approximately? I would be a fourth year engineer. So somewhere between 80 to 90,000. What do you make now at your small business? It's a carpentry business. That was a passion that I jumped into and it's very, it's varies of course, based on the job I've been able to maintain around 65 to 70 a year. But that's starting to show we've got kids, a boy and we want to have more kids and that's starting to show that there's something else that needs to kind of take care of the expenses than just what I'm making now and the job and my How how long have you been married?


We've been married about three years now. And she's, funny enough, she's actually a German citizen with a green card. And so there's it, it's funny, I talked to her about finances and stuff and there seems to be a disconnect where obvious things to me are not so obvious to her. And And I see it as from her German background. It's like very different there. And there's not, you know, not, not as much of a Her, her fam her German family is in Brennan, Texas. Part of the German family. Yeah. She's got family all over the world. But the, the her sister who she's very close to, they were her sponsors coming over.


I met her through her family and So I ended up marrying her, but we're close to her family who's here in, in Brenham. Yes sir. Her family is her sister, Her sister and her brother-in-Law. They, they own a a That's the property's the whole family hold. No, she's got a mom in Germany. That's what I, no, I'm asking why in the heck you're standing in Brennan. Her sister is why you're staying in Brennan. It's not exactly your mom. It's not exactly her mom. And you got the grandkids you're running off with. This is The very true, very true. Her her background or her family is very rough. A lot of bad stuff with her Parents. Okay. Her Sister was her, her mother acting mother kind of thing.


Okay. So. I did End up hearing, I, Here here's, you know, you guys have just gotta sit down and talk about, okay, these things all don't go together. There's not a $90,000 job for me here. Right. If you are in agreement that I need to get a different job, you are saying we need to move closer to Houston. So instead of being 10 minutes from your sister, you're gonna be 45 minutes from your sister and I'm gonna have a 30 minute commute. You're gonna move between the two, right? Sure, yeah, That's reasonable. Yeah, absolutely. But If you can't communicate that kind of basic stuff, you got other issues like marriage issues.


Oh no. Yeah. And, and that's, it's not so much she she's willing to move. No, she's not. That's why you called me. She's, well she, she's faithful as a wife, but she also has this That's, That's not the point. I wasn't, didn't say she was unfaithful. You called and said she's unwilling to move, but we're in agreement that I need a new job. That's exactly what you said, right? Right here. I heard you Right. Yeah. Okay, so, so quit changing the story And if she can move across the world, I think she can move an hour away from Her sister. You'll Be okay. You can visit her on the weekends. Yeah. So I think there needs to be some compromise here. Yeah.


I mean, and again, I'm not saying move to freaking New York City, you're, you're moving closer to Houston where you have a 30 minute commute instead of an hour and a half. And then she, when she sees her sister on the weekend, for God's sakes, you drive an hour over there, I mean, you know, it's, this is not, he wants to be in, he, he wants to be a rocket scientist. So here we, I'm kidding. This is, I'm kidding. It just flies Houston. We a problem. I almost said it, but No, we have a problem. No I mean that's, that's, you know, you, you are in the hotbed. If you wanna be in the space world, my God, you're in Houston, you can't, there's nowhere else other than Cape de Avril that you could do better. So, but you're gonna not commute an hour and a half so she can be near her sister.


That's asinine. I think we're gonna FaceTime for a while. Yeah. It'll be okay. Whatever I mean. Again, I'm not suggesting you completely disconnect that you never see them again or whatever, but if you actually add up the number of hours that you spend with them during the week versus the number of hours you spend at work during the week, these two things are not compatible. So it's illogical, it's silly. And we're both in agreement that me working all the time as a carpenter, my passion job, I think you said Yep. Is not working out. So, okay, good. So get you an engineer job up towards Houston, move your butt up there and then, you know, for God's sakes, hire her a driver and send her down to her, you know, to the sister if you have to.


Whatever you gotta do. I mean, it's not really not, this is not hard. It's not hard. So you can't have this both ways. You can't say, oh, you need to make more money. We live in a dinky town that doesn't have a whole list of mechanical engineers. Now if there's mechanical engineering, you can do remote in the oil field. You might be able to do some remote work there. I don't know. I don't know how that Works. Yeah, I was thinking about that. Those rules then maybe, maybe you can land that and I'll just shut up and you just stay there. But you need to go find some actual jobs and make her turn them down. Not theory. Especially if it's, it means a 50% pay increase. Well that's what He Is looking at. That's He is looking at going from 60 to 90. It's serious.


That's What He is looking at. So yeah, that's, that's it. So, alright, open phones at triple eight, eight two, five five two, two five. There's a reason, folks from an economics perspective. One of the classes I took way back in college when the dinosaurs roamed the earth, And I was getting my real estate degree. Urban economics and urban economics are different than rural economics. There is more opportunity in a metropolitan area with a larger population. There is also the downside of a higher expense for real estate typically. And there's the downside of there's a dadgum many people and not all of 'em are fun. And so, you know, you move to the city if you're gonna, if you're gonna move into some careers and you know, and if you're gonna move out towards the country, you're gonna get cheaper.


Real estate, a more rural setting. I love that personally. But you're gonna have a commute in, if you're gonna be involved in the economics of the opportunities that are available. That's what he's finding. So you Gotta pull all the different levers and find the, for you, you Got a 5,000 person town. I don't know how big that town is. He is in, I'm making this up, but I mean if you've got a 5,000 person town, it's different than a town of what was freaking Houston. 12 million or something. I mean it's, you know, it's huge. Of course it takes seven hours to drive across the whole thing, but yeah. Yeah. Brenna's got 17,000 people. Okay. Not a, not a crazy big town. Yeah. There we go. Look at you with your quickness on the Google Fast. This is The Ramsey Show. It's Cyber Monday.


And Time is running out to grab bestselling hardcover books like The Total Money Makeover, own your Past, change Your Future, and From Paycheck to Purpose for just $10. Or audio books for only 4 99, no matter who you're shopping for. This is your chance to give life-changing gifts that won't break the bank. But Hurry, these Cyber Monday deals end tonight. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store right now. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. The best way to build wealth is on purpose. Reporters often ask me, Dave, what's the number one mistake Americans make with their money as if they think I'm gonna say a single thing.


Don't they ask you that? Oh Yeah. That like a classic magic thing. Classic. That's like a journalism question. They got that in first year of journalism school. Like the, What's the best advice you've ever gotten? Yeah. What's the best, what's the best advice you give? What's the number one thing that people, well, I, I finally developed a really good answer. Hear you know what the number one mistake Americans make with their money? They don't freaking pay attention. Mm. They Just drive with their eyes closed and then wonder why they hit the dad Dadgum ditch. You know, I'm just gonna spend everything I make and I'll get to retirement and go, I sure hope the government, which is well known for its ability to handle money, will take care of me. That's dumb. I'll Just buy now, pay later, and swipe my life away and hope for the best. Just carna Carna, keep carna.


That's right. Keep, keep Carna carna carna then karma and Affirm. I wanna be affirmed, I wanna be affirmed with Karma. Carna, then Karma comes Carna Karma. Oh, credit Karma. Karma. Oh, you're killing me here. I, I was buying a T-shirt with a smart Alex saying on it. Can you imagine that they offered me payments on the T-shirt? Oh yes, George. I can't, this is the problem. Okay, so lemme tell you how you, how you bill wealth. You pay attention. You're intentional. You make your money behave instead of wondering where it went. That's called, one of the things you do is you do a budget. You sit down, you go, okay, I manage freaking a hundred thousand dollars a year. And, I have no idea.


That's dumb. If you work for somebody and that was your job, you get fired for being incompetent. If you're in the government, you get promoted. Well, we're not talking about that. That you just get me mad. Now. Don't do that. Sorry. We're talking about real people, not government people. These are, these are not bureaucrats, these are humans. And we just don't pay attention. Pay attention, write it down. Agree on it with your spouse. Give EveryDollar an assignment before the month begins and then crack the freaking whip on those dollars and make 'em dance a jig so you end up with something out of it. I mean get the chair out and the whip. You remember the old cartoon? Yeah. The lion tamer. There's money. It's gonna eat your butt if you do not take care of it.


You know why other people have, you know why the rich get richer and the poor get poor because the rich people keep doing rich people stuff. You know what rich people stuff is they pay freaking attention. They learn about investments, they invest, they, they do a budget. They agree on spending with their spouse and it keeps working and they keep doing it over and over and over and over and over again. And, you know, you can't say, thank God it's Friday. Oh God, it's Monday and end up anything but broke. Spend everything on the weekend. That's just shortsighted. Lack of vision. You need a written budget. This is why we named EveryDollar the world's best budgeting app. EveryDollar. 'cause you give EveryDollar an assignment, you make EveryDollar freaking behave.


You can download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play, or click the link in the description if you're on podcast or YouTube. By the way, those of you listening to the show right this second, this is the last segment in this hour before we move to another segment, that last segment, the third segment of the show that's coming up in a few minutes is only available on The Ramsey Network app. And it's completely free. But if you haven't downloaded The Ramsey Network app yet, you need to, so you can get the third element of the show, third segment of the show every day and video and audio. And you can search it by call subject and you can send us an email and all kinds of stuff.


So download The Ramsey Network app for free in the app store. Download the EveryDollar app for free in the app store. See now you're just all apt up as if you were at Applebee's or something and you just order the i the the LER platter got All the apps. Don't tease, Got all the apps. I'm just saying. I'm sure, I'm sure somewhere. Robert Kennedy just passed out. Okay. Abigail in Tallahassee, Florida. Hey Abigail, what's up? Hey, I was just needing some help trying to get my husband to be on board with the, the debt snowball. We're about 70,000 in between a car, car loan and then like credit cards and other loans.


And then we make like one 13 together. So I've got it. I outline the budget of how to get it. Like we can get this done in probably about, you know, two years. Yep. But he just keeps like blocking me and I'm like, why? Let's, we don't, it's, I I don't know why, like Yeah, You do. He told you We have a, You know him better than we do. What do you think is behind this? He didn't just say, I wanna be broke, I'm gonna block you. He didn't say that. What did he say? Why didn't he wanna do it? I, he just, when I tried to talk to him about it this weekend, his response was, well just hand me over the finances and we'll get separate accounts and I'll pay what I pay outta my paycheck.


And then you pay what you pay outta your paycheck. So that was like, that was the most recent reply. Okay. That then basically he's saying, yes, we have a problem, but I have a different solution than you. Yeah, yeah. That's different than He is blocking you, but Well, but again, like he just Didn't Agree with you and his solution is to Venmo you like a weird roommate situation. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well so here's the thing. How, how long ago did you start listening to our stuff? It's only been like a few weeks. That's What I thought. Okay, so here's what happens.


You came running in all excited with a brand new thing with your hair on fire and he went, oh God, she fell for a scam. She's joined a cult, didn't he? That's why you laughed. I got you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I appreciate your enthusiasm. I appreciate your enthusiasm. But you ruined it. Yeah. So what you need to do is go in and say, Hey listen, I owe you an apology. 'cause you do, by the way, you had information that he didn't have and you tried to cram it down his throat and you didn't mean to. You were just excited, enthusiastic. You found some hope for the first time. And you And I don't blame you. I'm happy you got excited. I'm glad we were able to do that for you.


I also wanna do it for him. Okay. And so let's start with, I'm sorry I went out this wrong. I really need you. I know you love me. And I know you care about our future And. I really need you to listen to what I've been learning and listen to this stuff and then tell me what's wrong with it. And then turn on a YouTube debt-free scream and turn on, turn on this segment of the podcast, which will be posted today and that kind of stuff. And then, you know, because what He is prescribing, there's no data that says there's zero research that says what he's suggesting works.


As a matter of fact, there's a lot of research that says what he's suggesting won't work. But He is at least He is at least wanting to try something. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And we've never had everything separate. We've always had Everything. You don't want it to be separate together. Separate. It needs to be together and we need to be together. and I need, I need you as my man to hear me and I need us to get aligned on where we're going. 'cause this is scaring me to death where we are. Yeah. And separating everything makes me feel like a divorce. I know I don't want a divorce. Yeah, yeah. That and just start talking about this stuff and asking questions and draw him in and, and 'cause you, you know, you just un you, he went up to a water fountain to get a drink.


You turned on a fire hose Because You were excited and I'm glad you're excited. Yeah. Don't misunderstand that that that, that happens a lot though. And then if you're not careful, you keep at it and you'll turn my name into a cuss word. Okay. That's the next step. Yeah, Yeah. Oh Yeah. That guy cult leader over there. That ball guy. Yeah. And that's, that's what happens. Yeah. It happens all the time. And so, which is kind of weird 'cause very few cult leaders are actually bald, but the most of 'em have really nice hair. It could be A wig, we don't know. But the, anyway, the the, so the what we'll do, let me give you EveryDollar And. I'm gonna give you Financial Peace University for free as our gift and then say, hey, let's open these up and watch one of these videos together.


Okay. And then you tell me if this is right or not. You tell me what's wrong with what they're saying. Okay. 'cause I I, I, I got some hope out of this. And. I got really excited. This is you talking? Yeah. 'cause Hope is powerful girl. It's wonderful. And so I'm so happy you got that. But, but he's not a bad guy and he really doesn't want a divorce. He, he just, you you just swooped in there. Pretty heavy on him. Yeah. Yeah. So I. Think if you back off a little. Let's Approach it. Calm. Yeah. Don't take a machine gun into a fishing tournament. Right. That's the idea here. Right. Don't spray and pray. That's not what we're doing.


So we're actually gonna use a little bit of finesse here. Finesse, you're the wife. You know what finesse means? Husbands don't know what that means. It's usually the husband. So you can do this. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play Store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad Bing, bad b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.