
From Ramsey Network, it's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by one of my best buds, Dr. John Delony, host of The Dr John Delony Show. And we're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You call up, we'll talk about your life, your money, your relationships, your mental health issues, boundary issues, whatever you want. We're gonna air it out in front of everyone for the good of America. Is that aggressive enough, John? Is that a big of enough promise? It's quite the lofty promise. That's right. We'll see if we can accomplish it today. Mason kicks us off in Springfield, Missouri. What is going on, Mason?


Hi guys. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. I'm actually calling on behalf of my sister-in-Law. She had a stroke three years ago at the age of 23. Oh. And has since been trying to get back into the, the, the job market. And she just simply can't get herself back to normal and has not changed her spending habits from when she was working two jobs, 80 hours a week. She was a hard worker and now she's, she's stuck and she's taken on loans and she doesn't know whether she needs to file bankruptcy. Bankruptcy or, or if there's another route that she can go. There's always another route. The question is, how is she, let's separate the two from financial problems to her health.


How is she doing health wise? She, she can't speak. Well, she pretty much mixes her sentences with ums and uhs nonstop and has to have assistance with reminding her of different words. And then her physicals about the right side of her body. A portion of it does not work. She can't move her arm. Well, she can walk, but she is frequently stumbling at times and happens to pull herself up or get assistance to get up. And that's, that's about the, the extent of it. Her health, she's still going through therapy, but it, it's based on what the doctor has said. He does not have any expectations that she'll recover past that point.


Mm. What, what is, what is she doing for work right now? She's not, she's applied multiple places and every time she goes to do the interview, it pretty much gets Shut down. Shut down. Yeah. During the interview, I would check out, I don't know the resources there in Springfield, but I would check out and call around and see. Sometimes there are entry level programs, maybe through a disability rights program or some sort of state run program or local program there in Springfield, which here, here's what we're looking for. We're looking for an on ramp so that she can A, get her confidence back. B, figure out the actual limitations in a work setting.


'cause those are different than at home sometimes. And then from there you can springboard to another job that might pay more, that might be at a more established place. So that's number one. Filing bankruptcy while somebody is still spending out of control is like Congress forgiving student loans and making them in the same month. Right. Like the, the, it's not a solution that the solution number one is like, let's stop, let's stop the bleeding. Why won't she stop spending? Or wh where is she getting money to spend? Let me ask that. So, so her spending habits come from when she was working constantly, she had enough to pay for her, her, her lifestyle, and then was able to save a lot of money.


And she had a boyfriend. Her and her boyfriend would just essentially just buy whatever they they wanted to. And when she had the stroke, she lost both her jobs. And then now she's on disability and she's, but she hasn't really, she has reduced a lot of her spending, but it's still at a specific lifestyle that she, she enjoyed before her stroke. And I think that's the biggest portion of it. And then the money. So it'd be her boyfriend who works and then her disability that she gets. Have you talked to her? Yes. How'd that go? Are you referring to talk to her about the spending habits?


Yes. Yeah. 'cause if here's here, here's the, the hardest part of all this, at the end of the day, she's an adult. Yes. And Unless you have financial power of attorney, you got no say in her Finances. She doesn't have to do anything she don't wanna do. And that's, that's hard and that's miserable and, and it's heartbreaking, all those things, but it just is. Yeah. That's a conversation that we had just after her stroke about we, my wife, And I had sought to try to assist with managing her finances. We got some pushback from, from a lot of the family, but they come to us with assistance and a lot of different things. And then when it came to spending less, I would refer to the, the government example that you gave.


It just was not interested in cutting costs and reducing spending as much as it was, how can I help get outta this hole? Or how can I get outta this hole? And So it may be that the solution out this situation for you is to you and your wife draw some pretty firm boundaries inside your home and knowing that this ship will run a ground at some point. Yeah. Yeah. And I think the biggest, the biggest reason is there's some issues with her and her boyfriend, and now she's needing to leave him, but she can't really go anywhere because she's tied to an RV that they live in. Okay. That is under her name. Yeah. And she can't afford on her own. Yeah. And she could sell it, she could trade you some other things, but she's made some choices and refused help from other adults.


If you and your wife choose, the only way I've seen it be successful is if somebody steps in and says, I need some help. And you're able to say, okay, here is the my conditions for help and I'm not gonna enable, here's what help would look like. If you wanna participate and you and your wife make that decision beforehand. It's very hard to do in the moment. 'cause it sometimes includes You're not there for me. You hate me. I knew I couldn't like all that kind of stuff. That just is real personal and attacks. And it's hard, it's hard to hold boundaries in the moment if you haven't thought through 'em clearly on the other side, I mean on the front end, right? Yes. Yeah. That's, I mean, that's the best case. She doesn't have to do anything you say she hasn't for a long time.


And until she says, Hey, I need some help, and I'm willing to accept the help that you'll, you'll provide. I think what you can do is let her know that you love her and that you'll be there when she decides to call. I don't, I don't know another option. You know what I mean? If you give her a book, she's gonna sit on the shelf and maybe one day she'll pick it up. But we can't force her to go, you're gonna learn this and you're gonna do something about it. Yes. And and this is actually a lesson we've already learned in this process. I think it was a more of a, and even if we came to her with this advice, which is an advice that we've given before, it has been more of a, that's a really good idea. And that was pretty much the extent of the, the response from her. How much is that his boyfriend?


Say that again. I'm sorry. How much, how much is the lack of, of action on the back end is his boyfriend, Would you say? You mean how much does he provide? Or No, like you, you guys sit down with her and say, Hey, here's reality. Here's the amount of money that you're spending. We wanna help you. And she's like, that sounds amazing. And then she tells him, he is like, that's stupid. Yeah. He's not really involved in the conversation. 'cause she's trying to get away from him due to certain circumstances. There not nothing violent or anything. Okay. It may have, you know, I think it goes back to the, the, the thing that you guys mentioned about not putting yourself in financial situation that requires the income of people that you, you don't have a a you may not have a, a long term established relationships such as marriage and there's no marriage between them and So I, well, Aside from her health issues, she's made a lot of choices.


And it's gonna be hard to unwind all of this unless she really wants to, on top of fixing the health issues, So I, hope she does. And I hope you can help her with some resources. But like John said, I wish I could just wave a one and change people. 'cause I love them. Adults Can't change other adults. It's heartbreaking. That's one of the hardest truths to learn in life. But thanks for the call Mason. You're a great brother and I wish you and her well on the financial journey. This is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Maloney. We're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Danielle joins us up next in Milwaukee. Danielle, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. How can John And I help? Well, I'm calling about a question regarding paying for my father's phone bill. Basically, my, my dad lives below the poverty line due to his own life choices. I've helped him financially throughout the years, and currently I am just paying his phone Bill And I.


I wanna help him. And this has been a way that I've been able to do so, but he has been making some questionable choices. And I, don't want to parent him and And I, just, I'm not sure if this is the right thing for me to be doing. Yeah. I'm happy to give more color to that. It's, you know, family, it's kind of complicated. Yeah. It's always, it always feels so complicated when you're in it and in Georgia and my seat, it's, it's usually way less complicated. Can I ask you a hard question? Yes. Are you paying his phone bill for him or for you?


For him. I know, but are you paying the bill for him or for you? Well, I guess I want him to be Okay. So I guess for me in that regard. Has he listened to any of the wisdom or advice you've given him over the years? No, not really. If behavior's a language, what has he been telling you for a long, long time? Well, I guess that he doesn't value my input.


Yeah. He'll take your money, he'll take your phone bill. Cool. But when it comes to, I wanna live a different life, a healthier life, a safer life, a more loving life. Yeah. I don't really care about that. I'm especially not gonna take that crap from you. And then with the healthy dose of, who do you think you are? I'm your dad, how long have you been chasing him? Yeah. Your whole life. No, I would say when my parents, my parents were married for 35 years and once they divorced, I kind of, not right away, but you know, as he just continued to make bad choices, I sort of unbeknownst to me took the role of my mom, kind of him there.


Yeah. Yeah. I know That's a weird position to be in. And while you chose to be there, he had a part in putting you there. Yeah. And you have a choice also to get out of this and just say, Hey dad, listen, I can't cover your phone bill anymore. What would happen if, if that were the case, what would the conversation be like? At this point? It's going to be me probably writing him a letter. We, I, I've tried to, this is the second time I, you know, I wanted to go out and visit him. He lives outta state, And I. Don't know if he just doesn't want me to visit him or what, but he always has a way of just, you know, bringing, we don't always agree on, you know, kind of everything.


Right. And I'm fine to just leave those things out of the conversation. But he has a way of bringing them up and just So I. Would you call this relationship transactional at this point? No. It, it's not. I mean, he was a really good bad to me growing up, and he's not a bad person. He just makes really bad choices and doesn't seem to learn from them. So that's why it, it's, you know, he's not a bad guy and, well, It's not about his character, but I'm saying the relationship right now is I pay the bill. He doesn't really wanna see me. He doesn't want, want much to do with me, but please keep paying my phone bill and thank you.


It's, it's more nuanced than that. But I mean, yeah. I realize I'm calling you guys asking you for Your advice. I mean, I mean, is it more nuanced than that? Yeah, I real, I really think it is. I mean, he, you know, expressed that he was excited to see me, but then he is telling me, you know, he's, I don't wanna get into, I don't wanna take too much of your time, but, you know, he, he went through, he's not even technically divorced this third time, but he is separated, I guess, legally. And he, he's started these like date some kind of dating site. I don't know what he's doing. And there's been, you know, people he's been talking to and you know, I thought all of that was behind him now, but he just shared with me that he's been talking to like 30-year-old women on some weird encrypted app.


I just don't understand. And now I feel like he's putting my own safety, like with my phone account, like linked to his in jeopardy. And I'm just like, yeah, Your, your gut, your gut instinct is right. And there's more to it than this too. Yeah. Yeah. I think if, to circle back to the first question I asked you is, are you paying this phone bill so that you can sleep at night? Knowing I tried to preserve my relationship with my dad as I watched him slowly. The, the man that I loved, the good dad that I had as I watched him slowly implode his life, getting involved with all these people, getting married a bunch of times.


Now he's just, he's slowly just unwinding. Often we try to hang on because something inside of us says that if there's just, we say the right thing or we can just give the right amount of data or just just do the right nice kind thing, that suddenly they'll be like, oh, amazing. Hey, by the way, can you help me with my love life and my money? And Right. And unfortunately this call's not gonna come. And so if you wanna make, if you wanna pay his phone bill and just pay his phone bill and make that a part of your life and, and not hope for that, that will have an ROA relational ROI on it. Great. Knock your lights out, George And. I. Let's just say make sure you're not putting that a credit card, right.


If you're just tired of being involved with all this, and now you're wondering what he's even doing on, on an encrypted app that's, that's linked to you and your bank account. Dude, I, let's just, I'm gonna write him a letter and say, Hey, more reason I'm gonna step away from this. Yeah. And then you're gonna have to spend some time in this scary black hole called grief. It's not supposed to be like this. Your parents are married for 34 years. Yeah. So here, here's the SparkNotes. If a cell phone bill is propping up with a relationship, and this is one Jenga piece that knocks the whole thing down, there was never a relationship there.


And that's the hardest, scariest part to face is that whatever was, I know he is a good guy. He was a great dad. But the, it's changed, the relationship's changed. And I think that's the hardest part to grieve, is the guy he was, and the guy he is now. And I know, you know this, but I feel, I feel compelled to say it. You didn't do anything wrong, Danielle. You've been a good daughter. There's not a thing I've certainly tried. I, I know, but there's not a thing you could have done differently in a conversation you didn't have. He's your dad. He's a grown man, he's way older than you. He got, he's made adult choices and there's, I like we, we told the previous call, there's just nothing harder than watching someone you love flush their life away.


Especially when you're standing there on, on the Bank of the river saying, I can help, I can help. And they're like, nah, just stay here. It's heartbreaking. What, what is his portion of the cell phone bill? I'm just curious, what's the financial amount? Maybe like 70 bucks or something like that. So if, if it was on him to cover 70 bucks from now on, do you think he could do it? No, I think he'd have to go back to like a flip phone Make, which doesn't, that's the best thing he could do. That's Such a great idea for Me, honestly, ever since he got this iPhone and he's had more time on his hands, I just don't even understand what's going on over there. But Yeah, I might keep him outta jail.


I think it's a good idea. Seriously? Yeah. Something's, something's weird. Yeah. Mm. I'm so sorry, Daniel. That is not a fun thing to deal with. The theme so far of the show, John has been, you cannot change people. No. No matter what you want to give them or cover for them, it's not gonna make the relationship better and it's not gonna solve their problems. You can create good boundaries, you can be graceful and merciful and forgiving, and then you can do the next right thing for you and for your relationship. And sometimes that's walking away or sometimes that's just saying, I'm taking my hands off the wheel. You're driving. Cool. I'll be here when you're ready. More of your calls coming up. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. George Kamel here. As a new dad, I see a lot of things in a new light. The cost of diapers, the value of sleep, and how crucial it is to have a will. Because if something happens to me, I don't want my family stressing about the details. And that's why I recommend making a will With Mama Bear Legal Forms a will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want. Instead of a random probate judge deciding who gets your fine China or Precious Moments collection. Looking at you Aunt Shirley. If you think you're too busy, you don't have enough time, no excuses here. I completed my will in just 20 minutes with their easy online process. Plus, if something comes up, you can make changes to your will for free for up to six months until you are completely satisfied. And listen, there's a lot of online will companies out there, but what's great about Mama Bear is that there's no membership, no subscription, no upselling. The price is the price. And if you love a good deal like me, go to mama bear legal forms.com right now and save 20% with promo code Ramsey. That's mama bear Legal forms.com promo code Ramsey,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by bestselling author Dr. John Maloney. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. Let's keep it rocking with Danny in Columbus, Ohio. Danny, welcome to the show. We are rocking Danny. Hey guys. Yeah, How's it going? Good, how are you? Not too bad. Appreciate you guys taking the time. I had a question. I recently got promoted a couple months ago and I've got some extra money coming in and was just curious, you know, to hear your thoughts on how I should split that up and incorporate that into my budget. Fantastic. Congrats. Tell us about the promotion. How much more are you making? So I went from, so there's a 10% bonus attached to the base salary.


So I went from about 78 grand to 89, and then with that bonus it's about 85,000 to 98,000. Incredible. Okay. So let's talk about how much is actually coming into your budget every month on top of what you were making. So what's the increase in your take home pay? I don't have, so currently gross pay last paycheck was about 3,600. I get paid bimonthly, I don't know, I don't have exactly what, what it was prior to that, but around, it's like around five grand coming in each month, I think 2,400 after pre-tax deductions and you know, 401k and all that.


And what's your financial picture? Do you have any debt? Do you have an emergency fund? Yeah, so that was kind of part of the question too. So right now I've got, you know, I max out my Roth contributions every year max out my HSA company matches a hundred percent up to the first 6% of my 401k. So all of that's being contributed. And then I've got about eight grand cash in savings and the only debt I have, So I had 20, around 23,000 of student loans. I paid that off during Covid and I've got 4,900 left on that. Got, Wait, you got eight grand in savings and 4,900 left in student loans? Yeah.


Yeah. You know what this means, Danny? Yeah, no, I gotta pay that off. Why aren't you doing that today? Well, I kind of wanted to call And I. I, I kind of figured you all would say that. I guess the, the, the situation I'm in now, So I know, I know how, you know Dave and, and you all feel about car leases, but you know, I've got a, I've got a lease and I think, you know, following the baby steps, that kind of puts me in a weird spot where, you know, I've got some emergency cash saved up, but I also still have this car lease And I know, paying that off early doesn't really help you. So I guess, you know, with that taking into consideration, you know, if I do pay off that 4,900, you know, once we hang up, kind of how to move forward from there.


Well, if you want to keep the car, what is this car worth if you did the early buyout on it? So I'm on the portal right now. If I were to do, if I requested a a buyout right now, it'd be 38,000. Okay. Now that's your only vehicle only thing with wheels and motors in it. Yeah, that's it. Do you love this car? Do you wanna keep it? I mean, if it makes financial sense to keep it by the time that the, you know, the lease cycle's over, I'd definitely hold onto it. It's not, I didn't really get into a car lease to get a new car every year. Right now it just kind of made Are you renting sense Apartment? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Renting. You keep saying that it made the most sense.


How, how does paying a car dealership money for their depreciating asset so that they can, they can fund the gap between the car that's gonna lose money. Like how, how does that make sense? Yeah, I mean that's a, that's a fair question. I, I kind of put off getting a car for, you know, two and a half years and, and saved up some cash, used that money to pay off the student loans instead of buying, you know, buying a car. And What were you driving during all that time? I was just walking and taking the train. Yeah. Yeah. Danny, I've, here's my thing. I have like lofty financial goals where I'm like, I wanna own a house one day I'm gonna get married, I wanna save up for a vacation.


And so cars are a depreciating asset and leases just allow you to prepay all the depreciation is essentially what happens, right? And so it's not that the car is too much of your world, we say, Hey, no more than half of your annual income tied up in all the things with wheels and motors. So you're not above that right now. You're not, you know, breaking that parameter. But it's a lot of car for a guy who has some debt. Ha doesn't have a fully funded emergency fund, probably wants to own a home one day. And so it's not, you can keep the car if you want aggressively paid off. You can pay this thing off in a year or two. Go ahead and keep it if you love it. But I would also reassess what your future looks like. Not what tomorrow Danny looks like, not what a year from now, what does five year Danny look, what would he look back on and go, that was the right move.


Yeah. So I guess kind of with that, you know, I'm 2025 right now. With that taken into consideration, you know, as far as addressing the car situation with, you know, would you request that that buyout and just kick a loan and try and just pay that thing off as soon as possible? I mean, is there a way of getting out of that lease, you know, just kind of ride it until the end of the cycle and you know, kind of go from there and likely not lease another car but buy something that, you know, buy it in cash, kind of, you know what, what there, Yeah, I mean you could save up the cash and do it, but again, that's, that's a big mountain to climb right there, isn't it? Yeah, yeah, for Sure. Because so far you've saved up eight grand or save up 38 grand, you're like, Oh, my gosh, is this car worth it?


And by the time I buy it that thing's only gonna be worth, you know, 25 grand. And so that's the problem with these leases. So you can do what you want here when it comes to the budget. If you're laying out your EveryDollar budget income expenses, I filter it through the baby steps and right now you're in baby step two, which means we're pausing all investing, we're actually going to take all savings but a thousand bucks throwing it at the debt. And what that will do is catapult you in your financial journey and within a year, if you get rid of this car, you do all the things I mentioned, you'll be in such a different financial place and you'll be making very different decisions with all this new money. What you don't wanna do is allow lifestyle creep to set in where Danny goes, Hey, I made an extra 10 grand this year, I'm gonna spend an extra 11 grand that's most Americans.


Yeah. So, I. Hope that helps. I would contact the dealer and get the early buyout amount, see what your options are. But I don't know that I'd want to take out a $38,000 loan right now. That's not gonna further your financial goals. All right, John, let's go to The. Ramsey Network question app. How do you feel about that? You feel good? Yeah, I, I, John's hung up. Well, So my high schooler, I I have a high school kid and of course on day one he's in high school. Yeah, he's in high school now. Oh, my gosh. Oh, this gets worse. He walks into his econ class and the curriculum is you and me, George, you and me. Oh, that's Right. And On the Ramsey education high school curriculum.


And his teacher, he said his teacher raised an eyebrow and looked at him and said, are you? And he goes, yes. And he said, only one of the students caught on so far. He did have some choice things to say about our acting. I don't think we're that great. I thought it was pretty Good. I thought we crushed it. I mean it was a little bit Grammy, I mean not Grammy, but it was, it was Emmy worthy. Here's My thing. Are we gonna trust awkward teenagers to judge our acting Fair? Well played, well played. Just saying. But he was asking me about car leases and he's like, I don't understand them. And as my 14-year-old laid it out, it makes so no sense. It's so irrational to do a car lease that my 14-year-old can't wrap his head around why people would do that.


And like, like, Well it's simple. I get the shiny thing forever even though if I don't own it. But in his head, why would you give? He's like, Hey, this new car is gonna go down in value. So if it goes down in value over two years and you lease it, you're just paying the dealership for two years so that they get to keep all that money and then you have to eat the depreciation. Then they get the car back. And I was like, yep. And he is like, why would teenager guy do that? And I was like, I don't know man. And So I just get stuck on, no, I had two man. It was the right thing. It's just not, it's just not Well. People go, well John, I don't have to deal with the maintenance and it's awesome. And I get, just keep getting new fancy cars. And I, love the new car smell.


All the while realizing that this is one of the biggest things holding people back is car payments and leases. And there's a reason that dealerships love to push you to a lease. They love 'em because they get that should be a red Flag right there. Get a gently used car that they control the mileage on back that's been majority depreciated and then they resell it to somebody else. Yeah. And they win twice. It's a, it's a sad conundrum. And I, I write, write about this in my book, breaking Free from Broke John to try to steer people away from it. And, I, walk through all of the reasons it is in existence to screw you. And it moves you backwards financially. And the best thing you can do is just save up and buy a cash car you can afford versus listening to the human brain that says, Ooh, shiny honey Phone shiny thing.


That's right. That's right. That's, you're the new Come back, come back, we come back. We'll we'll go to The Ramsey Network app question. Okay. But sorry, I just, my 14-year-old can do better math than some folks out there. Way to humble brag. Hank's an impressive cat. Hashtag Just I'll tell you That much. Alright. Hashtag Just saying More of The Ramsey Show coming up. Don't go anywhere.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I the Middle be next Week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place to cost those stinking pizza. to get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Maloney.


You've heard me talking about EveryDollar on this show. And that is the best way to make the most of your money. It is a sweet budgeting app you can download right there in the app store or Google Play. And this is a, it makes it really simple to plan your spending track expenses, save for what matters to you all in an easy to use app that fits into your busy life. 'cause it's always with you in the palm of your hand. So if you wanna check it out, go to check it out, go to the app store or Google Play and just search EveryDollar or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


All right John, it's time for our question of the day.


Brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment that you can afford with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and work that debt snowball. Go to Why Refi dot com today slash ramsey. That's letter YREF y.com/ramsey might not be available in all states.


Alright, Today's question comes from Alyssa in Pennsylvania. Alyssa writes, I was completely debt free but recently had some life situations that put me back in debt. Can we stop real quick here? I wanna rephrase this in a more accurate and honest way. Okay. Today's question comes from Alyssa in Pennsylvania, I was completely debt free, but life happened. And I chose to make some purchases on credit cards. See what I'm Saying? That's more honest. 'cause life situations they have no ability to put you On. They don't put you That's right, that's right. But I made some choices how You respond. There you go. There We go. I opened a store credit card for home remodeling purchases and charge $7,000 over several months.


Each time I made a purchase, they would give the option of interest free, which I always opted to do. In the past five months, I paid over 5,000 bucks on the credit card, bringing my balance to 2000 bucks. So proud of myself today, my balance had gone back up to $5,000. And, I freaked out because I knew I'd been hacked. Come to find out they'd added a $3,000 penalty for not paying the entire balance by a certain date. I had no clue about this. I told him I wasn't gonna pay a red cent and asked him to close my account. I've always paid my bills and have good credit. But it should be illegal to charge a single mom who only makes 25 bucks an hour. This exorbitant fee. What is your advice on the matter?


Okay, So, I never ever will have empathy for a credit card company, but I'm on the credit card company side, they do not care. Hold up how much you make per hour. They do not care if you're a single mom. And no, it's not illegal. You probably just didn't read the fine print. You signed away in a Hurry 'cause you were excited to remodel your home and they Lured you in with free. Just click, make sure you click the button that says interest free. And you're like sweet. And they were like, don't read over here where, Where it says if you don't pay the balance in full, there's this massive penalty. Oh, and by the way, there's 25% interest, which is like a fourth of the entire debt that's gonna get added to it. And so what is my advice on this matter? Should it be illegal to charge? I don't think it's a, you know, we live in an economy, in a capitalistic society, you can pretty much do what you want.


You can, you're an adult, you get to make decisions that can derail your financial life if you want. That's part of American freedoms. And you also have to own up and look in the mirror and go, yeah, that was pretty dumb of me to trust a credit card company to be a blessing in my life. Yeah. And at the end of the day, here's a hard thing. You, you owe that money. And so choosing to not pay quote unquote a red cent and asking 'em to close your account, it doesn't work like that. It's gonna add up and it's gonna add up. They'll, it's gonna add up. They'll sue you if you don't pay. Right. Which is only gonna add more financial harm, share Loss. So this 3000 is gonna turn into 10,000.


It just, And by way these store credit cards are some of the highest interest rates. Yeah, Fine. I remember one time Dave called, I think it was Sears back in the day when that place was opened that they are just credit cards with stuff out front. And, I like that, like like store credit cards. The stuff is just the vehicle. Like they're really in the credit card lending the lending business. They're the lending business and they have stuff you can Buy and they got pants out front. That's right. Yeah. And screwdrivers and whatever else they got. So yeah. I hate this for you Alyssa, but you gotta pay, you gotta pay. I, I think, man, if I could give you one piece of advice, it's to be bummed out and take full 100% ownership of what you put your name on and you, you don't have $3,000, I dunno, anybody that just has a spare three grand laying around, we gotta figure out how to get this stuff paid off.


And then we have to commit to not quote unquote letting life situations put you back in debt. That might mean we're gonna do without a sink for a while. That might mean that we're, it's gonna be hot or it's gonna be cold 'cause we can't afford X, Y, and Z. That just may be the, the reality of what you can or can't afford. And that sounds harsh, but this is what happens. This is what happens. And I remember, I remember when Hurricane Alicia came through Houston when I was a, a really young kid and that we had no power for a week and we had, we ate off a camp stove. I just remember that. I tell you that to say whatever's you're going through, you'll look back on it in five years, 10 years, 15, 20 years, you'll remember those things.


Remember that time we had to do without for Yeah that was weird and that stunk or whatever, but it keeps this kind of crap from happening. Yeah. And so the better way to do this next time is to give yourself a 0% loan. You never have to pay back because it's coming out of your own bank account from money you saved up for through a sinking fund, through an emergency fund. If it's a true emergency, that is the way to do it. Where you never have to deal with any of this crap ever again. And you have freedom and options. So thank you for the question, Alyssa. I hate, I hate this for you Alyssa. Yeah, we are, we're not pumped about this and trust me, I'm no fan of credit card companies. Alright, Jacob is next up in Jonesboro. What's going on? Oh, how are you guys doing today? Oh, I just, I'm 20 years old.


I'm active duty military, And, I have no debt. So I'm just trying to figure out what exactly to do to better my future. Love it. Thanks for your service and congrats on living a debt-free life. Thank you. Thank you. How much money do you have in the bank Right now? I have four grand saved up. Awesome. And what does life look like for you in the next year or two? Or do you have a contract deployment or what's the next goal? I have two years left on my contract with a deployment in that two years. Okay. Are you single? I am single. Awesome. So let's say two years goes by. You keep, can you keep saving money?


How much money could you save up in that account in the next two years? I, that's, I make roughly two grand a month. So. I mean it's, it's kind of hard to say 'cause I do have like, I guess I have car insurance and, and stuff like that, but definitely could probably save a thousand a month. Pretty easy. Okay, so think about that. We're talking another 24 grand added to your four. So two years from now you have 28 grand sitting in account. That's your emergency fund plus some extra, maybe we separate 'em out and start a down payment fund. 'cause one day you're probably gonna wanna buy a house, right? Yes. That's great. And I would park it in a high yield savings account.


And one i I love and use is called Laurel Road. If you wanna check them out laurel road.com/george and that'll at least help it grow at like 5% over the next two years while you keep being diligent and serving this country. Okay, so you are on the path as far as setting yourself for the future beyond your emergency fund. I would begin investing. I imagine you have access to A TSP through the military or retirement account. Yes. I'm putting as of right now, 20% and then they match 10. Wow. So we're talking 30%. Yes. And 10% of that is a 100% return on your money. Yes You are. You are doing it my man. And if you wanted to ratchet it down to 15% and you wanted to get the emergency fund dialed in first, I would recommend that personally to get you in an even better spot financially.


Get you a little more foundation. And guess what? At 22 and you get a paid for house by 28 or 30 now we can really create some serious wealth. But I think that you need to set a vision for yourself. What does 25-year-old Jacob wanna be doing? What does 30-year-old Jacob wanna be doing is marriage in the future? All of that. That was pretty much it sir. Just, just trying to figure it out slowly and surely. I'm kind of new to all the, the budgeting stuff and all that. But I mean I've always been pretty decent with money. You've done a bang up job without us Jacob and the Ramsey plan is, is the way, and for your service, I want to gift you financial peace university to give you even more education.


These nine lessons will walk you through the ins and outs of wealth building insurance, you name it. You're gonna be more equipped. And at 20 John, can you imagine getting this stuff at 20 years old? No. I didn't even know what day it was when I was 20. I didn't know what day it was when I was 30, so No, no, there's still, still some days. You don't know what day it is Today. That's this is, this is a weird Tuesday afternoon. Oh my goodness. Well that's inspiring. I needed a win Jacob. And you were it a 20-year-old who's debt free going. I'm just trying to set myself up for the future instead of pay for the past. That's it. That's the whole goal my friend. You're doing it. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you to Dr. John Delony, all the guys and gals in the booth keeping the show afloat. And you, America will be back before you know it.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips.


It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today From Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell. Join this hour by the one and only Dr. John Delony. We're taking your calls at triple eight eight two five five two two five. We will do our best to help you take the right next step for your life, your relationships and your money.


Taylor's gonna kick us off this hour in Orlando, Florida. How can we help Taylor? Hi. Good afternoon. My, my question is about two loans that I took out that were really bad ideas and one of 'em was a car loan and one of 'em was for solar panels and they, they really put me in a bad financial spot. And I really regret them. And I was even thinking about lowering my 401k contributions, which I don't wanna do. 'cause truthfully I should be putting in more, not less. Got a lot going on here. Let's say we focus on one thing at a time. So how much do you have in the car loan and how much is left on the solar?


The car loan is 3 35 a month and the solar is 1 27 a month. Okay, here's the deal. I want you to stop thinking in terms of payments 'cause that's what got you into this, right? Oh I can afford the payment. Yeah. Who can't afford 127 bucks a month? And what you need to look at is the actual loan amount. so what is the total loan amounts on both of those that's left? I, to be a hundred percent honest with you, don't know the exact number. 'cause when I, you know, when they're selling it to me, they're, that's how they're talking about it is just the monthly And that should always be a red flag when they're not talking about the total cost of the item.


And instead, well hey, we can do 50 bucks a month, we'll just stretch out the payments, give you a crazy high interest rate and we'll be outta your hair. That's pretty much what they're telling you. So, and that's what happened to me at the car dealership. 'cause they, they kept, they convinced me to do the 84 month term, which I didn't wanna do, but they were like, oh do It. They didn't convince you, you chose to say Right. Okay. That sounds good. Yep, a hundred Percent. Did they tie you back in the finance office and go, you're gonna take this 84 month loan lady? No they didn't. They didn't do that. Okay. That's yeah, Good. I would've reported that to the police. So let's, Can we do one thing just for me? It's just for me and I'll let George get back to the numbers. Will you say out loud, I'm kind of frustrated with Caitlyn for taking out these two loans I shouldn't have Taken out.


Well, with Taylor Or Taylor, sorry. I'm, I'm very frustrated with Taylor for taking out these two loans. Okay. This is, this is the first step in all emotional health challenges, mental health challenges, relationship challenges. It's ownership of, they didn't make me do this. I did it. I wanted it and they were convincing and yada, I signed it. Is that cool? A hundred percent. Yeah. It was me in the end it was me. Okay. That did it. Alright, I love that. 'cause now we can go solve this problem. Now we can solve, you can still be mad at them but you took ownership. Let's go solve it now. I love it. Right. so what is your income Taylor? I make cake home probably just under 3000 a month.


Okay. And are you single? Yes. All right. So the bad news is we can't return the solar. Right. The good news is we might be able to sell the car. So if the car, let's say the car is worth $30,000 and you owe 25, basic math would say you'd get a five grand check, right? Yeah. But then I wouldn't have a car. Well five grand can get you a car, can't it? True. So that's what I would do. Yeah, that's what I did. It's what John did and this is the only path to getting out of this cycle that I think you've probably been in your whole adult life.


Not really. It's, it's weird. I spent most of my working life doing, not buying anything but the a hundred percent necessity. 'cause my goal was to buy a house and so that was all I thought about was saving up for the down payment for the house. But you didn't have a principal in your life that said, I don't borrow money. Taylor's going to live her life debt free. At some point you said, eh, I'll take on some debt, it'll be all right. Yeah and it basically like after I bought the house, And, I didn't have that goal anymore to kind of keep me on track. I was like, well now that I'm not saving up for a down payment, I can just spend money on things. The First solar guy that shows up, I'll hand him $40,000. So here's the key.


I don't think it was what, yeah, basically. Yeah Your income is the key to getting out of this and you might need to get your income up and you might need to do about seven other things. So the question is, if I told you Taylor can be debt free guaranteed in less than two years, if she follows these recommendations, would you just do it? I wanna say yes. She's not Gonna do it. Do, if that's the right answer, One of the recommendations is gonna be Taylor needs to stop investing 'cause Taylor has a priority to get out of this mess. And trying to do four things at once is only gonna slow down all of it. So how much are you investing right now? Just my 401k. I put 15% in my 401k.


15% of your income is probably a hefty number. We're talking hundreds and hundreds of dollars. It's like $480 a month. If I gave you $500 back in your life to tackle debt, you think it'd make a dent to add six grand a year to your debt Snowball. I want to believe that I would put it towards the debt, but my worry is that I would just spend it. Well we gotta fix that first. You gotta have this one singular focus that I want to get outta of debt because this habit is gonna cause you to be back in. You're gonna be calling us a year from now? Yeah. Why don't you trust Taylor Taylor? I don't know, I just have, I don't know. Like when I have a goal of something I'm saving up for, I can be so disciplined. But when I don't have that goal, this Is a goal you're saving up to get rid of debt.


Yeah. This is a goal to save your life. It's an even bigger goal. Yeah. It's more exciting than saving money 'cause you're getting a monkey off your back. Right? That's true. Just gonna go back into debt then we can't help you get out of debt. A hundred percent. Yeah. And it, it sucks because if I hadn't taken out the, because the car I had before was completely paid off and then I traded it in for this more expensive car and I'm just kicking myself over it. The key here is we've gotta learn to live on less than we make and we have to make decisions that will make future Taylor proud. And so that's where the budget comes in handy. And I'm gonna gift to you EveryDollar premium and it's gonna help you find these kind of margin activities to where you go, Hey, if I pause investing, that's four 80 bucks.


And what if I got a side job making an extra 500 that's a thousand bucks I can throw with this debt. And then what if I was getting a tax refund every year of, you know, let's say it's three grand, three grand a year, what if instead I put that back in my paycheck and now I got, you know, 250 bucks back in my life on top of that. So you can see all these ideas as you get creative and resourceful, start to add some serious momentum to your debt. Snowball. That's the only way to get out of this without continuing down the path of just trading one debt for another and going, well I found a 0% credit card, I can put it on and then I'll do a balance transfer and then I'll give the credit card company more money to try to move the debt around. We gotta stop playing the shell game at some point.


Yeah. Well I don't have any credit card debt, but that's good at least. 'cause I've always been that person who pays the balance off every month. Well how about you switch to debit card for a month and see if it doesn't change your spending habits. Habits? Well then I wouldn't get the cash back though because I make Oh my goodness. Money off. My goodness. Taylor, Are you, you're You really think this cash back is a blessing in your life? You think you're winning right now? Well, 'cause I don't pay any interest on the card. You were like A rat in the ma and you got to the cheese and you thought Oh my gosh, I made it and I'm looking above it. I'm going Oh my gosh, Taylor's in this experiment from the credit card company. Let's get her out. And she said, no, no, no. I'm gonna miss my cheese. I gotta have my cheese. And I'm going, do you know what they're doing to you?


Taylor? Get out of the maze. I'm gonna send you my book, breaking Free from Broke along with EveryDollar Premium. Call me back after you read it. And I. Hope we can have a very different discussion. And I want fired up Taylor that is ready to knock down some doors to get rid of this debt. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. Emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care Medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep, throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door and use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one. And you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey.


Hey, It's Rachel Cruz. And I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here With all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me, you'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Dr. John Delony, Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. We are headed to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Next to join. Kaitlin, what's going on? Kaitlin? Hi. Good afternoon. Yeah, So. I am a younger millennial, and the idea of being a homeowner feels so unattainable for me and a reasonable amount of time due to my current debt expenses and cost of living. And those are mainly my student loans, childcare and rent. So I'm happily married with one daughter and another on the way, and we're slowly running out of money and room and our current renting of facilities.


So just looking to see what options I have to get my goal of being debt free. And also, you know, a homeowner in a like where I'm not 45 years old. How old are you now? I'm 28. Okay. 28 years old. You're about to have two kids. What's the childcare cost? Yeah, monthly. Right now, just for one it's 1500, but in October it's gonna be three grand. Woo. Good Lord. We're gonna stick. I saw a comedian recently say that if he had just landed on Planet Earth and seen a video with no sound of them storming the capitol, he would've thought, surely that was about the childcare cost.


It was like, man, I'd buy it. That would track. It's so expensive. Oh, well Caitlyn, I hope you have a, a strong household income. You got two working people here. Yes. My husband, And I are both engineers. Wonderful. What's the household income? We take home a little over 12 grand. Woo. That'll knock out some debt. That'll save up a down payment real quick. But here's the thing, I think you wanna do it all at once. Yeah. Unfortunately, because we're both engineers, we both got stuck with student loans. Me more, mainly because I was 18 years old, just went to college, didn't think anything of it. It was a private school and those loans were pretty hefty. How much?


So what's left? Well, what's left is 100,000. I just went under 100 K. Okay. I'm sitting next to a guy who happened to pay off. Yes. A hundred thousand in student Loans. Can I tell you, Caitlyn? So here's what I hear in your, in your voice, I hear anger and bitterness like just frustration. Is that true? Yeah. At who? Honestly, I don't even know who I'm angry at because I can't really blame myself for being 18 years old. Like I wanted that degree, but I just feel frustrated because like I've been told, you know, if you do everything in this order, things will work out. And here I am 10 years later and nowhere near being a homeowner.


And so I'm just like angry that I can't get what I want, essentially. There you go. So once you, once you take that level of ownership, I, I think I I get that. I don't wanna blame an 18-year-old. I was the same way. I just signed the paper. I didn't know. Yeah. But also I don't have to take blame as much as, not by my hand, but in my lap. Like, I gotta take ownership. This, I, I saw my name. Here we are. Yep. And what I would tell you is any energy, any energy you spend being angry at this amorphous them, the, the people who told me this, the, this, it's just energy. Not going to your family and not not going to work.


It, it doesn't solve anything. It just, it's a decision to make your present miserable. The best thing is to get a plan and roll out of it. And what I would tell you is having been there, I, I sold my truck, And, I sold my house, And I moved my family to a residence hall. And, I know, not everybody can do that, but I'm just telling you, I had a toddler and a, we were trying to work on a second kid and we sold everything just because we had to get, I was sick of it. You have to get radical in terms and let this, and by the way, I was an associate dean, I was a professor, my wife was a professor. We had fancy jobs just like you and your husband. Everyone around us looked fancy.


All you have to decide, I don't care what anybody looks like, I don't care. This quote unquote what I think I deserve what it's supposed to be. I just, in two years, I want this gone. What must be true in our life? So this is all gone in two years. Is there a different childcare place? Is there a teenager who can come over here? I don't know what the, what the world looks like where you live, but how radical and obnoxious, borderline insane can we get so that this goes away? Yeah. So when we were looking for daycares, we were kind of trying to be financially responsible and, and the Pittsburgh area, it can be as low as 1,200, but as high as 2000 for childcare. So we went with a cheaper facility and they forgot to feed my daughter.


Oh. So went into overdrive and like really did digging and we found like a median facility. So like we did, we definitely did try that the first go around. That's cool. But here's what's important though. Can you exhale that you made a choice Yeah. On behalf of your daughter? It's too expensive. It's so expensive. So expensive. And me and my husband made a choice. And it's the right choice. I'm telling you, I'm applauding your choice as, as a, as a parent. George is sitting right here too. We're both applauding your choice. You did the right thing, but we made a choice. We want our daughter to eat every day. So yeah, the choice is we're going to spend 1500 bucks a month.


Yes. What's your rent? 1800. Wow. That's amazing. For your income. so what, what would it take, let's say you rented a bigger place if you needed it. What's that gonna cost? A reasonable place? Nothing crazy. What would that move your rent to? So in the Pittsburgh area, most places for rent that we're seeing that's bigger than what we're currently living in is probably 2,500 ish. Okay. That's still very reasonable for your take home pay. Are you guys doing any investing right now? Retirement plans elsewhere? Definitely 4 0 1 Ks. How much? But again, Is It a percentage? I'm not too, I think, I think I just do whatever my company matches probably like five or 6%.


What if I told you you could be, let's say debt free in less than 18 months. Have an emergency fund a few months after that and begin saving up for a house and probably have that down payment in less than a year at that point. So we're talking three years total. You were in the house of your dreams completely debt free with an emergency fund. Yeah, that would be great. Now the question is what are we willing to do to make that a reality in that period of time? And part of that is you guys are a young couple making amazing money and we can pause the investing right now because we're gonna get back to it with a vengeance. And instead of 4%, we're gonna be investing 15% and that's just until we get our house paid off, which is gonna happen pretty freaking quick when you're making 12, 13, 15 grand a month at that point with no debt except for the mortgage.


So you see how this, the Ramsey baby steps kind of unfurl as you get momentum? Yeah. But most people understandably go, well I wanna pay off the debt, I wanna save up for the house. I wanna invest in the 4 0 1 KI wanna have x, y, z lifestyle. And it becomes very difficult to accomplish any of it. Yeah. It's so tough to do it all. Yeah. Can I tell you this too, that it was shocking to me. How much combined income do you and your husband have? 12,000. Like a little over 12,000. Okay. On, on an annual basis. Oh, like you mean like yearly? Yeah. What's your annual take home? Both of you Just approximate.


Two 50 to 60 maybe. Okay. Yeah. You guys make Really, didn't, didn't we all hear a story that if you made a quarter million dollars a year that you would never think about money? You didn't even worry about it. I know, I, I like, whenever I got my new salary, I was like so proud of like how much we make as a couple. And then once we look at everything, we're like, wow, we are nowhere near where we thought we would be with this. Okay. That's the feeling. Yeah. And if you take that feeling and start spraying it all over your neighborhood and in your city, it it, it does, it doesn't accomplish anything. Mo I I I know people who crossed that million dollar line, they, they crossed that first seven figures and they thought it was gonna feel a certain way and it doesn't.


And it's so frustrating. I thought I wouldn't have to think about this. And then the school calls and then the car break, like I just thought And, I thought And, I thought let's just traffic in reality and get this thing knocked out. It just, it just is what it is, what it is. I'm gonna choose optimism and a plan George's gonna lay out for you other than just anger and bitterment. And by the way, I know that the people pulling up next to you in the parking lot, some of them know what you make or have some ballpark and they're like, why are you driving that? Can you believe she put her kid in that daycare? Exactly. Exactly. So Caitlyn, hang on the line. I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking free from Broke. Two specific homework assignments. number one, read the first chapter. It's pretty much what you said verbatim. So it's gonna let you breathe and go Oh. my gosh, someone gets me then read the margin is breathing Room chapter.


There's like 20 things I've gotten there to make more and spend less. That will lay it all out. Do that in the EveryDollar budget with your husband and go Oh. my gosh, we're sitting on five grand a month that we could throw towards the set. We can do this in two years. This is definitely possible and you're gonna leave with hope and a practical plan if you read that book. So hang on the line, we'll send you a copy of breaking free from Broke. We are wishing you the best. Thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright, so we all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I bet there are things that you loved learning over the years. Like gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us spend our lives learning deeply about anything other than ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you, to regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere as so it's convenient for just about any schedule. You just fill out a brief online survey and get matched with a licensed therapist and you can change it anytime for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp hlp.com/delony.


Listen tickets for the live like no one else cruise are selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel joined by Dr. John Delony and we've got a special treat for you because on the debt-free stage we have Bruce and Corey. Welcome guys. Thank You. Where are you from? Louisville, Kentucky. All right. And you made the drive down. Yeah, we Sure did. Right. I'm glad, glad you said it the right way one time. I said Louisville And I was attacked in the parking Lot. So I. Think it's a hate crime. We forgive you. Yeah, Louisville. Louisville. Very good. We are glad you're with us today. So tell us, how much debt did you pay off? 111,000. Woo. Yeah, that's a high number. Yep. How long did it take? Six years. Alright. And what was your income range during that time?


Highest was a hundred thousand and right now we're at about 70,000. All right. And let's do this. What do you guys do for a living? Was there a job change? Oh yeah, I am a stay at home mom. That is the best job change. Congratulations. Thank you. Was this during the debt-free journey? Yes. Wow. Yeah, we made the decision, you know, we thought that the Lord wanted us to do it and we thought if we did it, we'd maybe pay off in another two years or something. We did it and we were all finished with debt eight months later. Wow. So you thought it would slow you down more than it actually did. Absolutely. Because it probably lit a different kind of fire when you went. This is what's right for our family and we're gonna keep full steam ahead for sure.


And Bruce, what do you do? I'm electrician. Wonderful. Yep. God bless the traits. And as his shirt says, he's the dad of girls, Dad of outnumbered hashtag outnumbered out. How many are we talking? I'm sure Two. Oh Lord. Okay. God, So I didn't know if this was one of these, like we got nine kids and it's a farm. It's a homestead. We Have a, we have a five month hold at home, so. Wow. how are you even here right now? I know this is a miracle unto itself. I know. Oh my goodness. It's our, our first trip with just the two of us. Did you just, did you allall just make snow angels in the hotel room last night? Just in the, in the blankets with No, no One's screaming. No kid. I don't understand Phantom screams. Why is there, I think I heard something. What type of debt was the 111? It was our house.


Hold the phone. Hold on. Hold on guys in the trades And stay-at-home Moms cannot pay off homes. Oh right. That's Not real. Absolutely. It's not true. We're so poor, but we're not. Not at all. This was all, we're not we're this was all mortgage. Yeah, All Mortgage. That's amazing. So six years ago you guys had the mortgage, you were debt free other than the house, what made you go, Hey, what if we just go and went and knock this out instead of looking at this amortization schedule for the next 25, 30 years? Yeah, Well when we were only engaged, we went to Financial Peace University together and that was fantastic. That got us set up to be married and to be on the same page financially. And so even when we bought the house, we were like, this isn't gonna be, we got the 15 year mortgage, like what suggested. And we did the down payment that was suggested, but we knew we were gonna pay it off fast 'cause we were people.


So here's What I wanna ask, because people go, this is outdated and Dave doesn't understand. You guys decided in the face of all that now what if we just did a mortgage the right way and that set us up to be debt free six years later? Well I didn't wanna listen to my dad anymore. Oh, there we go. That's part of you wanna say. Yeah. You know, it was just going through your all's class and it was just so convincing. You know, Dave was so convincing and was like, we gotta do this. So, Wow. And here you are now a young couple, two little kids, no payments in the world. Yeah. He turns 30 tomorrow. What? Yeah, this is his birthday trip. Oh my God. We gotta do something more exciting than this.


Oh. But Nashvilles a great destination. Awesome. Yeah. A Fun pulled, pulled up to the parking lot on a petal tavern. George, they're, trust me, they've got the weekend. They Figured it out. We pulled up in our hoopty And I was like, we're gonna fit in. Yes. This is Good. It'd be just fine in the Ramsey parking lot. Yeah. Hey So I, I, I'm interested in hearing from both of you. What, what was your, what was money like growing up? Y'all, y'all both come from a lot of money or was money a struggle coming growing up? Well, I didn't particularly come from much money and it was just my dad raising us. But the, the thing about my dad is he never did take on debt. So, so growing up I didn't even know about credit cards. And when we got married she was like, you should get a debit card.


And I did And I remember going to the gas station thinking I hope this works. He Still carries cash to this. He's like only cash. He's still to this day. You Are the youngest living boomer. I know. That's incredible Dude. Stay strong Bruce. That's Amazing. So tell us about the, this home payoff. 'cause a lot of people have, like I've seen like there's this TikTok strategy to pay it off faster. You guys actually did it. Yeah. So you are the poster children. What did you actually do? You just work hard. You, you make a budget. You Yep. You can. So your mortgage payment is how much every month? Just if you just paid the normal payment 1400 And you guys said let's put extra on the principle. Yeah. Was it once a month and you were consistent?


No, it was kind of fun, you know, just doing the budget and whatever extra we had, we, we put towards it and you know, it almost became like a game, you know, it was every time we got an extra payment I was like, yeah, Yeah. At one point in time we lived off only his income to see if we could be stay at home. So we smart. Just lived off his income and my income went completely to the mortgage. Wow. Yeah. So every few months when you could, you're like, hey, what if we put an extra thousand or 2000? What was the biggest extra payment you applied? Oh, there was some big ones because when we got like our taxes back and sometimes we'd, we'd put all of that or like A refund. You go, let's throw that on there. Yes. So a few thousand bucks probably. Yeah. I think it was the, the covid checks they were hanging out.


I think we put all those. Oh yeah, all of 'em. We were like, whoa, we don't need that money. Thank, Thank you. Did the covid checks. They were handing out the Government. The government paid off our mortgage. Wow. Those Biden bucks came in handy for you. Yeah. Wow. That's incredible. What was the hardest part of all this? Because six years is not a short amount of time to sacrifice. Well you know, we've been doing maintenance on our cars, just keeping 'em chugging along. Oh yeah. So probably keeping those cars going and And We yeah and we did have a lot of naysayers. Like a lot of people in my family would be like, oh you need a new car, you need this or just do this. This is the way everybody does it. And we were like, wait, Family telling you what you need? Yeah. Isn't that your job? Yeah. Oh my goodness.


I can't imagine. So kind of just putting the blinders on and going, this is what's right for our family. And. I don't care about your opinion because you don't pay our bills. Yeah, That's Right. That's powerful. That's A good, yeah, that's a good way to say it. Cory, what was money like in your house? But my dad was the typical, he has credit cards. He still does to this day. And I love him to death, but, and he has the house payments and stuff like that and he's, he still will today, he'll probably maybe listen to this show and be like, well I guess you did okay. He'll be like, I dunno, here's What I think. So, so amazing. And y'all are experiencing this right now in real time. Your two daughters will never understand the electricity that's in a home when you're worried about, Hey, I just did a job for this contractor, he didn't pay me.


Or I'm waiting on that check, I'm waiting on that check. And they gotta, they gotta go get x, y and Z groceries. You, they'll never know that. Yeah. I'm so, and I'm so glad, like we are, we do do things cheaply. We get secondhand clothes and we go get groceries at Aldi. But I am glad to show them that, but I'm also glad to show them that it's not from fear, it's from, we made a choice and we think this is wiser than this. And so we're not afraid of like spending our money, but we're gonna not do it Stupidly be intentional about it. Yeah. You're also not afraid to drop the five month old off and pack up and come to Nashville for a long weekend. Right. So I. Don't know about That. It's amazing. Oh, it's, wow. It's amazing. so what do you tell people the key to getting out of debt is completely mortgage and everything. How do you do it?


Well I think the first thing was going through your OS class and just having the mindset shift that, you know, debt is not good. And, and after that the budget is just such a key, key part to it. So I. Love it. Well we've got the budget for you EveryDollar. We're gonna gift you two subscriptions for a full year and you can use them, you can gift them to someone else to get them on the journey. But that really is the key, is paying attention to your money and sticking to a plan. So we are so honored that you decided to join us. Happy 30th birthday tomorrow. What a way to celebrate. Hey, What, what do you, what do you tell to a couple out there who's wants to be a stay at home mom and married to an electrician? Oh gosh. Yeah. You know, if, if you think the Lord is telling you he's gonna, you can do it.


It, it doesn't matter if you make, you know, at one point we were making 50,000 a year. If the Lord wants you to do it, he's not gonna be like, now I'm gonna smite you. Like he's gonna lift you up and he's going do well to you And y'all, y'all gotta go make decisions every day. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. I'm proud of you guys. That's awesome. I love it. Let's get to the fun part. It's Bruce and Corey from Louisville, Kentucky. 111,000 paid off house and everything in six years making a hundred down to 70 so Corey could stay at home with the kids. What a beautiful picture of the new American dream debt freedom baby. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 3, 2, 2, 1. We're debt free.


The unity John Unmatched. They Heard it all the way back in Louisville. Incredible. Incredible. That's inspiring. Making 70 grand Louisville, Kentucky, two kids, normal couple doing very not normal things going, Hey, what if we had a different picture for our family's life? What if we could be completely debt free before we're 30 years old? That's inspiring. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered, everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders. Start feeling in control of your money again. Download the EveryDollar app today for free.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. Open phones at Triple. eight two five five two two five. Here's your reminder that the live like no one else, crews is quickly approaching. Cabins are going fast. More than 85% of the cabins are booked. You don't wanna miss this. We are going to Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico and The Bahamas. And who's going? It's all of us. All the Ramsey personalities. You hopefully special guests, comedians, musicians, celebrity chefs, you name it. They're gonna be, I heard you opened up five more spots 'cause it's sold completely out. You opened up five more spots for your cannonball competition. Cannonball. Yeah. We're accepting between you and Ken Coleman. We applications. Yeah. Submit your videos. That's right. So there's five more spots left for DM them to John. That's where they're going right now. Yeah, he's handling that. It's On the Google Doc. We are gonna have a lot of fun. All the food is included. Even room service. You can lounge by any of the pools. The hot tubs. They've got an state-of-the-Art fitness center, or pickleball courts. Which can I tell you, John And I played this morning and it was a good time. We got worked over by Ken Coleman and that is not a, that's the embarrassing part. That's a hundred percent true. Ken Coleman is, he Is a Savant. He is the lord of the pickleball court. So join us. We'll be having a good time. Seven days March 22nd to the 29th. 2025 Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Cruz.


All right, Eric's up next in Des Moines. How can we help today Eric? Hey, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's going on? My wife And, I are on baby step two with 70 K to go. And I received child support. It's about $400 a month. I was curious if we could use that as income or put that into like a 5 29 for college for my son. Okay, so 400 bucks a month, we're talking about five grand a year and you're saying hey, should we use this for college? Do we use it for living expenses? Should it go toward the debt? Are you just wondering where you should you use this for money?


Yeah, because I don't touch it because I just, You don't need it necessarily to cover the expenses for the month. Yeah, I don't need it. That's an interesting question. No one's ever asked this question when I've been, when I've been out here. Eric, great question. What do you think George? 'cause part of me says you throw every penny towards this debt, but I can see a scenario where I'm just gonna continue to fund this 5 29. It's, I I get both sides of the this How old is he? Yeah, it's an interesting question. He's Seven, seven years old. So we're talking 11 years. Do you have any money saved for college yet? No. Okay. And you don't need this money, like you said, to cover his expenses?


Yeah, I haven't used it. Okay. Since I've been receiving it. And you've got 70 K in debt, how much do you have in savings? We have our thousand for baby step one. And. I have a couple thousand that I gonna allocate towards that. Good. Okay. Yeah, it's an interesting one. There's no, you know, lemme Ram principle around this. I would personally, I would probably put it in college 'cause I'd sleep better at night knowing I was using it toward his future. Yeah. How how long is this gonna take you to pay off? We use your calculator on your website and it was said February of 27. February 27. How much money do you guys make a year?


I'm not sure per year, but we net 6,400 per month. That seems like the variable you can toggle. Say again? That seems like a variable you guys could adjust. It seems to be the only one you could adjust unless you've got really high living expenses, which doesn't sound like you do, but man, I really wanna see that down into early 26. Okay. My gut check says, well let's not invest while we have debt. And so if you're using $400 of your normal income to cover his expenses, there's no difference in using this new 400 of of child support to pay off debt.


'cause you're covering all the expenses and more. There's no needs that he has that you're not able to cover. And So I don't see a problem with using that extra 4,800 a year to get out of debt faster. Okay. So put it towards debt. Yeah, I mean if, if you're saying that I have 6,400 plus to 400, is that what we're talking about? Yes. Yeah. And, I would even go and try to make more than that. And I would try to cut my expenses down. 'cause I do think your timeline is, feels like a long ways away. And I'd rather see you guys in baby steps 4, 5, 6, where you're investing for your own future, saving for his college. And by then you might be putting even more away and you still have time if you got, you know, a nine year time horizon before he goes to college.


Okay. So I mean. Yeah, there's, there's both both options there. My heart says just lean into the baby steps and throw it toward the debt and whether the money's coming from your income or child support, it's all the money that's being used to cover the family expenses and part of that is debt. Yeah. 'cause yeah, yeah, yeah. I I, I agree with that. It took me a minute to think through it, so thanks for talking that out loud, George. But yeah, you're spending that much money on a girl and young boy in groceries and the room as part of the rent or mortgage. So Yeah, I mean you're working it out that way. You're, you're spending the 400 bucks a month and more on a kid and as he gets older, good gosh, I think I spend about six or $7 million a month on feeding my 14-year-old so that Kid Can eat it just, it just is.


It's working though. He's like twice my size. Yeah, Well that's, that bar is very, very low. Fair Enough. But yeah, Eric, I would, I would get outta debt as quickly as possible. And we do have an article for you Eric, that we'll send to you. We'll also link it in the description and show notes wherever you guys are watching America. And it's called What, Can Child Support Be Used For. And it's on the Ramsey Solutions blog. So we'll be sure to link that and send it out to you. And I, hope that will help you make the right decision for your family. Thank you so much for the call.


All right, John, before we take another call here, I wanna mention that for all of the folks listening on YouTuber podcasts, the show's about to end. And so if you want to listen to the rest of the show, John And I will still be here taking them. But you gotta jump over to The Ramsey Network app. It's the only place to get full episodes of The Ramsey Show. And it's the best place to stay focused on your goals with content that keeps you motivated. It's all Ramsey all the time. And if you're just listening on radio, stay right where you are. The show will go on for you. But YouTuber podcast, jump on over. So you can click the link in the show notes to get the app or just search Ramsey Network in the app store. Go check that out.


Alright, let's try to get one more in here. John Zachary is an Indianapolis. How can we help Zachary? Hi So. I had a house fire a little ways back and we are going to be, we had originally planned on selling our house and buying another one in contingency. Actually called you and Jade back about two months ago and you guys helped me clear up that we shouldn't buy a house at the moment that it's not the right time. I finally talked my wife out of buying a house when we do end up selling this house, but it looks like we are gonna be getting a little bit more back from insurance and as well as a good chunk from when we end up selling the house.


So. I was curious on if you guys would recommend just continuing the baby steps in order of the debt snowball or if you think we should clear up one of these big car payments that we have to get rid of the car first to clear up about 800 bucks a month. What's the total consumer debt you have left? Right now we have about 75 to 85. I'm not sure on the exact number. And how much is the insurance Check? The insurance? We're gonna be getting anywhere between 10 to 20. It just depends on reconstruction, What we decide. Okay. And you're saying should we use this insurance check to just plop into the debt snowball. Smallest to largest. How many debts could you knock out? So? I have, I have two student loan debts.


One is about 3000. I haven't, I don't, I haven't had started paying on that yet. That doesn't, I'm not supposed to start until November and then But you're allowed to though. Yeah. Yeah, I know. I just got the information to start paying it like less than a month ago. And what's, What's the next biggest start? Start this month. Let's get that. Let's get rid Of that. The next biggest is another student loan debt of about 8,000. Okay. So let's say you knock out both of those debts, debt snowball method, how much is that gonna free up payment wise? Do you know? About 500. Okay. And then we have a new $500 to apply to the next debt on top of our income. And what's the timeline? Yeah, if you do that, if you do it that way, what is the timeline to be completely debt free?


I'm, whenever I wrote it down, I wrote it down back right before this whole house fire and everything happened. So I'm pretty sure we guesstimated around like three, three and a half to four years. Woo. I think we need to reassess and go, what is it gonna take? What is the gap to where we can get rid of this debt in two years? 'cause four years is a long time to pay off 75 grand So. I would try to get your income up, get the expenses down, and do not buy a house. Just plow through the debt snowball. That's what I would do if I was in your shoes. Thank you for the call that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Be sure to jump onto The Ramsey Network app if you're on YouTube or podcast to keep listening and watching.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.