
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Leon is with us in San Francisco. Hi, Leon. How are you? Hi, Dave. How's it going? Better than I deserve. What's up? So, I've been fortunate enough to mask some money over the years through just working and some very nicely timed company acquisitions.


And now I would like to make one of my childhood dreams come true. I like to buy a super car that's worth about $250,000. Cool. Which car? So specifically the Lamborghini Huracan, a used one. That's a beast. Yeah. Used one. Oh yeah, the two 50. You're right. News what, four 50? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. So how, what, what year model would that be? Well, looking on some of these websites anywhere from a 2015 to 20 17, 20 18. Okay. 10 a 10-year-old has lost 200,000 in value.


Yeah. Yes. That's about, that's about right. Okay. Yeah. So, and, and what, what's your net worth? You sound like, like you're bazillionaire or something? My net worth. So I can, I can break this down. I, I have a net worth inclu if you include the mortgage about $3.66 million. Okay. And what are you making a year? I make about $300,000 a year, which doesn't include a 30% bonus. It's a single income. I, I, I am married with a 1-year-old child, but my wife is a stay at home mom. And how old are you? I'm 39 and she is 41.


Okay. All right. You can afford the car if you want it. The, the thing is, here's how I, here's how I look at these. Here's how I decide this and, And I answer questions on this show. Like, what would I do if I woke up in your shoes? That's how I answer questions. Okay. You said you're how old? 39. Okay, good. Well, you've done really well. Congratulations. Thank you. There's a couple, couple of rules of thumb. You, generally speaking, you do not wanna own all the things you have with motors or wheels to be more than about half your annual income. Now, your income is a little wacky because you've made big chunks of money doing a few deals here or there that don't really include your 300.


So this violates that. You know what I'm saying? It, it's more than half your annual income. So it, it, that's, that's one rule I look at. It's not a hard and fast rule. The second thing is, I, the main thing I do today, if Sharon And I are doing something that feels kind of like a weird large purchase that's strangely or even a large amount of money we're giving away in generosity, the same thing. We just, we use the burn the money in the middle of the floor thing. If I took this much money and set fire to it, does my life change? If the answer's yes, then it's too expensive. I see.


I think you could lose 8% of your net worth 250 as a percentage of 3.8 million and, and probably not miss it. Okay. Because the two 50 is gonna be worth one 50 in 20 minutes. You know that, I mean, we've already established four 50 turned into two 50. Right? Right. It, it's gonna go down in value and the bigger it is, the faster it's gonna go. I mean, the good news is most of the loss is gone. The ten first 10 years. You're gonna lose the most of it and don't get caught up in the illusion. It's gonna go up in value. They're not, they're gonna go down in value. And, and let me just tell you, the new ones are better. They don't make 'em like they used to.


Thank God I got a 1960 Corvette frame up restoration compared to the new Corvette. It's a piece of crap. I mean, compared, it's a beautiful little antique car, but thank God they don't make 'em like that anymore. We have like brakes that work and power steering and all kinds of modern conveniences now. You know? And so, you know, it's so number one, can I, if I burn the money in the middle of the floor, does it, does it affect my children, my grandchildren, my wife? No, it doesn't. You can, you can do, you can afford the car. I think you can afford the car. Then, then the last thing I do, Leon, is I ask myself some contentment questions, particularly about cars.


'cause I'm a car nut. If no one ever sees this car and only I see it and enjoy it, do I still want it for me? Right. Absolutely. If I'm driving that car, the answer's yes because I don't give a crap what you think. I'm gonna enjoy that freaking fine piece of machinery. Right. But if you're buying it to impress other people, that's a dangerous sign spiritually. Agreed. Agreed. Leon, I I have two quick questions. Is there anything you haven't told us that we should know? I mean, I, I do have the mortgage, which is it, you know, it's in, it's in California and it, it is a sizable mortgage of about $739,000 at 6.74%.


But, but the house itself is worth about $1.9 million. All right. And then my second question is, how much cash do you have total? So out of, out of my, what I stated of the net worth about 2.1 million is, is in brokerage and index fund that follows large mid-cap US market. And then about one 50 K is liquid mixed between check and savings. About $510,000 in my 401k, about 500 k in my wife's 401k. And so that's liquid. And then about 500 K in company RSUs, which are investing in approximately one third every year.


Okay. Before we buy toys, we grow up and pay off the mortgage. So you need to pay off the mortgage too. You've got the money and brokerage to pay it off. You got the money and brokerage to Yeah. To buy this car and you're still fine. And, and you've still got the exact same net worth when we're done with this discussion. So until the car goes down in value and then it'll Go down. That's what I was wondering In, in this current situation, I would say no, I, I just, I wouldn't do it personally. I'd, I'd want to have the house cleared And I, And I Pay, pay off the house. I'm just Kidding. I know, I know. But I, I don't know. I'm, I'm, I can't believe I'm actually saying a little bit more conservative That's interesting as I love cars. But I, I just, when you walk through that, I personally put myself in the, what would I do if I were him?


And I don't think I'd spring for that car at that price right now. I, I, that's Fair. That's fair. But you laid it out. He can do It. He can afford it and it's not going to ruin him. Yeah. I mean, I mean, if you call me up and you tell me you make $300,000 a year, And I dreamed about it since I was a child, I'll kiss my butt, you know, I'm gonna, and, and you know, And I got no money and I'm gonna go get a car loan to buy that. No, I'm gonna rip you to shreds. No, that'd be dumb. Right. Okay. For your own sake. 'cause I love you, but Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, I, yeah, really that's, So, I honestly, it doesn't make the sale to me because I've had to quit doing that myself. Yeah. Of, I always wanted that since I was a child. You know, that does, that's not justification for spending money.


You don't have, we so go make some money, you know, but, but if you have the money and it's just something you want, then yeah, Go for it. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's not the end of the world, but that, that's the trick. Well done, well done, well done. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and riders and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity, and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xander.com for instant online quotes.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us. Merry Christmas America. We're glad you're with us. Robert is in New Jersey. Hey Robert, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I'm calling to talk about your favorite financial instrument, the whole life insurance policies. I have a question about policies that my parents bought years and years ago, and hopefully you can help me figure out what to do with these things. So long story short, me and my family, me and my parents and my brother opened a small business about five or six years ago when we did, we borrowed money against my parents whole life insurance policies to help fund the real estate purchase and construction.


It's the dog daycare boarding and green facility. Been open five years doing well, profitable growing. It's in good shape. The first two years we didn't make any payments on those loans. So the, the that I grew as a capitalized the interest. Then I started making monthly payments on those loans for money that we were making in the business once we became, you know, fairly profitable. So here's my question. These loans, they, there's six total loans, excuse me, six total in policies that my parents took out at $1.4 million and in face value insurance, plus the additional insurance they purchased over the years as they were, I think they made some overpayments in the past, things like that.


I have borrowed about $600,000 against the policy. So here's my question. What's the remaining cash do I The remaining the net cash value of today is about 200,000. And the death benefit as of today, and all of them combined is about 1.06 million. Okay. My question is, do I bother paying these loans down? And if I do, do I use your snowball effect and go for the lowest balance loans first? Or do I pay them off all evenly? Because technically they all have the same interest rate. It's basically like one large basket, right? So I am I even benefiting from the snowball considering there's no minimum payments on these things, right.


I can pay them at any time, any way I want. I could make the payment, I could not let the interest capitalize. You know, you can manage them any way you like. So what do I do with them? Should I pay 'em, should I not? And I, so apparently your parents don't need the actual life insurance. Well, I mean, look, they took these out thinking, hey, one Day No, what I'm asking is, is that if your dad died today, your mom's not gonna get much money because the loans, the loans were repaid from the death benefit. Yeah, well when you take, yeah, correct.


When you, so when you, the total value, So if you have a face value of 1.4 and you have loans of 600, you're, they currently have $800,000 in actual proceeds would come to your mom of your dad died. Well, There's also an extra 200,000. They also over the years purchase an extra 200,000 of insurance by overpayments. So it's Paid, paid up addition actually. Okay. Yeah. Paid up additions. Yeah. So they actually have a million dollar in debt benefit. But yet you are right though, by the way, my parents, so they have an interest in our small business. They have income through that. I, that's actually my second job. I have another job where I, I'm a trader. I, I flip the syndicate market, you know, like trade IPOs.


I borrowed money from my parents to see that as well and gave them a, a percentage of what I make off of that. So, but basically my parents had income through me. And Your parents have other wealth. Yes. Well, how much Yeah, well, there, these insurance, how much? Yeah, So I, I'm gonna be honest, And I don't have total transparency, but I'm gonna say all in, they probably have assets about a million and a half dollars In addition to all this. Okay. Yeah. So, Yeah. And, and, and the income, even though they're retired, they have income from two businesses that I run that they have interest in. So they, they, you're right. Without those life insurance, they would still be financially safe. Yeah.


Okay. Well, I I don't think you guys are gonna do what I would do because you're so far afield and and your parents are so heavily emotionally invested in this process that I, I I don't think there's a snowballs chance that you guys are actually gonna do this. But you asked, so I'll tell you, I owe you that. What would I do? I would cancel the whole life policies completely cash 'em out and end it. Yeah. I had a funny feeling you'd say that. Yeah. I would just end it. Yeah, because your mom is gonna be fine. So that's, and if they want to, if they want you to execute a note for 600,000 back to them, then you would owe them that money because they, you've reduced the amount they're gonna get from the cancellation of the policies by the loan you've taken out.


So, you know, they either need to get equity in the business and or more equity in the Business, but they, they, they do have equity. They Have equity. I know, but does that offset the loan? Yeah. No, you're still paying on the loan. Gotcha. Right. No, you're right, you're right. Well, let me ask you this, just 'cause you, you definitely understand these instruments better than I do, right? So say I was to cancel these policies today, they're Not yours. You can't, your parents can cancel 'em today. Well, you're, you're right. They, we will put it this way. They, they've, they basically, I I've been managing their finances for them other than some just assets that they own that somebody else has, helps them out with.


'cause they're both kind of, frankly, you know, they're, they're, they're, they're a little older and both a little bit unwell, say, so they basically asked me what to do with these things and do you know, they they take my advice and trust me And I, I don't want to put them in the wrong direction here, you know? Okay. I gotcha. But, but say, say that I, I advise them, say, you should close these things down today. Right. So they do that, they get out of it what the net cash value that's left at that $190,000. Exactly. They get a check for that one 90. Exactly. And then they have the 600 that is owed to them from the start of our business. Correct. And, and that's it. That's it. Right, Right. Okay. And, But they got rid of all the expenses.


Okay. So, and you're not paying interest on your own money. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That, that all makes sense. The only, the only counter I'd have that if you to help convince me here Dave, is so there is say that they were to pass away soon, unfortunately. Right? I mean, my parents, to be frank, they're, you know, they're elderly. There's just over a million dollars of death benefit left over after accounting for the loans, right? No, no. How come? Because you got a million foreign in death benefit minus 600?


No. Well, it's a million, don't forget it's 1,000,004 plus the other 200 and what do they call paid addition. Okay. So it's 1.6, 1.6 minus eight. So yeah. All right. Yeah. Well, my six, yeah. So it's a million. I mean, So I looked at the statements and the death benefit amount for each one of these things added together is just over a million. So why walk away from that payout for taking? Well, I mean, if they're terminally ill and got a year to live, if you wanna play that gamble on your parents' death game, you can, I'm personally not doing that. And I don't think they are. I don't think they're one year from grave. We, I may be one year from grave, I don't know. But, but, but the, you know, you guys are paying so much in such extreme costs and have for so long on these ridiculous things that the last thing I'm gonna do is keep giving these people money.


I just couldn't do it. And so, but a again, if someone's terminally ill that's on one of these policies, and you think they're, you know, you think they got a one year, as my grandpa said, he said, I'm not buying green bananas. You know, you know, you think we're running on, on the end of this thing. Then if you wanna play that gamble game against their death, that's called an actuarial table. It's the statist statistical probability of death versus the game you're playing. And I personally, unless someone is, you know, in hospice or something, I'm not gonna fool with that. The other, the other question is, are they okay, are, are you gonna, have you got their finances set up in such a way that they're mom's gonna be okay if dad dies financially without these policies?


I think she is. And, and then the same question the other way, but I mean, you, you do whatever you wanna do that, that's a, a different situation. And then the loan you've got back to them for the doggy, whatever it was, hotel or whatever it was, the, if you've got siblings and so forth, you may have some issues of dividing that up. You may owe end up owing them depending on how this will is set up. I'd wanna know how the will's done for your sake, but wow. Zero chance he does it. Agreed. This is The Ramsey show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life. Kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean, it is so much. That's why you need a Knock Box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories. Not a huge mess. Knock Box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today at Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. Your family will Thank you. That's Knock Box N. Okay. box.com/ RAMSEY.


Merry Christmas ho. Hey, check out the last chance to grab some life changing books and ideas, better than an ugly tie for people you love. Yeah. Get something that actually matters, like building a Non-Anxious Life by Dr. John Delony, breaking free from Broke by George Kamel. Of course. Paycheck to Purpose for by my own Ken Coleman sitting here, my co-host today, obviously Total Money Makeover, baby Steps millionaires, those are all on sale questions for human cards by Delony. Oh, all of this at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. And I bet you for most of you, we can still get it to you. So check it out. But you better not wait. You better not wait.


All right. Taylor's in Fort Worth. Hey Taylor, what's up? Hi, thanks so much for taking my call. Sure. How can I help? So my question is, should I go back to school and pursue my nurse practitioner license? And why would you wanna that? So I'm currently working as a nurse. I'm newly married and I make about 70 5K before taxes. My husband makes about a hundred K before taxes. And it's something that I've always considered doing And I just, we don't have any kids yet. So I kind of feel like maybe it's now or never. But my biggest concern is I've watched several of my friends go back to school and then they have had babies or kids in life come up and they have decided to be a stay at home mom.


And so I'm a little bit nervous to make that decision, that financial decision to go back to school before having kids. And then I don't wanna regret when I have kids still having to work because of that degree. Yeah. Well the answer to that is not what you're concerned about. The answer is pay cash. If you don't go into debt, then there's no regret because then you could, let's just fast forward, let's say that you pay cash, you cash flow your way through this and on this income you should be able to do that. And then you get the nurse practitioner degree, you have kiddos, you wanna come home for a season, then they get to school and you go, I wanna go back. That entire transition is very likely, but there's no regret attached to that.


And that extra income is gonna be worth the ROI on. It's gonna be worth it. So the answers don't go into debt, cash flow your way through it, and with your income, you should be able to save up and do that. Right? Yeah. That would be the plan. We actually already have the cash set aside. Oh, Well then what's the regret? Let's say you spend that cash, I mean, is the regret that I spent the cash and now I'm never going back into it and so now I've just, oh, I burnt that money. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. I think it's just sacrifice over the next two years. I mean, if I didn't go back to school, we would start our family a little bit sooner, I think probably within the year. And going back to school means pushing that off for two years. And So I think just kind of struggling with that and if that's right.


No, I, I'd have babies. I would too. I was getting ready to say, I think that babies are Better than school And the school will always be there. Like, right. You see, and you already got the cash set aside. I I, I'm gonna say the same thing. 'cause I'm thinking if Stacey And I are having that conversation, I, I would ask you, if I was sitting with you and your husband, I'd go, both of you vote, write it down secret ballot or tell me straightforward, which is the higher priority. And if you both say kids, then, then I think it's a no-brainer. Right. And I mean, I know kids are, I mean, we're only 28 and so starting a family at 30 isn't crazy. So it's just kind of trying to decide if, you know, it makes more sense to go and increase my income before we have kids, rather than having them and then trying to, you know, suffer through school and Yeah.


Daycare and everything else. School will always be there. Yep. And, and, and I'm not trying to, but I'm just gonna speak some truth over you. You have no idea when these babies are coming. So you don't have any control over that. Now I certainly hope it happens in a, in a timeframe that you'd love, but we don't know. Spoken like a guy who adopted two and then had one. Right. And our journey, our journey was a long time. I don't wish that on anybody as far as a long period of trying to, to have babies. But I'm saying you don't have any idea what that's gonna look like. So you can't hedge your bets on, well, if I go to school, then we have the baby. You just don't know. So I would move forward with the bigger life decision, the bigger desire, the bigger priority.


That's what we do. Then we manage the rest of the decisions against that. Another way that I've learned on big stuff, whatever the big stuff is that helps me, and it helped me to make, that's why I spoke so quickly, is if I pan back And I say, all right, I'm now talking to 58-year-old Taylor, which one would she have wished she had done? Ding, ding, ding ding. Real easy. Yeah, I heard it in your voice. Yeah. Okay. And it's not, it's not your friends. It's not your friends. It's not what your friends are doing. Yeah. And I don't give a crap what your friends are doing. I'm talking, I was just listening to you and you're trying to say, okay, should I, should I go make more money and expand my career and, and therefore have have children later?


I, but I kind of, you know, I heard it. Yeah. I want to have 'em now. That's what She said. No question. And, and hear from us, you've got plenty of money. Yeah, you're fine. You'll be okay. You'll be okay. Just keep, keep working your baby steps and, and then at the appropriate time you can work on nurse practitioner, which by the way is an incredible, wonderful, fantastic control. That's a beautiful career field. You're gonna make so much money and you're gonna have so much access to, you'll have all the work you'll ever want. You'll always have work. So really good. Devin is in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hi Devin, how are you? Hi, I am good. Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. How are y'all doing? Better than we deserve. How can we help?


I just had a quick question. Obviously that's what I called. So my husband And I actually just finished paying off our debt. Good. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Like you have been a game changer for us. We are currently saving for our like three to six months and then gonna be saving for a down payment. And I needed to know, should this just be going into just like a savings account or like a high yield savings? Or should we putting the money somewhere else? Oh, high yield. High yield savings is fine. Okay. Okay. Then It's, you're, you're gonna make a little bit of interest, but the money you're gonna have for your down payment's gonna be from the sweat of your brown, not from the interest rate.


Okay. Okay. Because you're not gonna have it in there long enough to make any interest to amount to anything. No, And I didn't think that, and that's why I didn't know if it really mattered, but okay. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, You're, thank you. You're, you're the secret sauce to having a down payment, not the investment. I mean, just go ahead and get what you can get a high yield savings, what, four or five right now? That kind of thing. There's nothing wrong with that, but I mean, 5% of a hundred grand is $5,000. And that means if you had a hundred grand in there, you'd have 105, a hundred versus 105 does not change the house. You buy the a hundred is what changes the house you buy. Yeah. So the year or the secret sauce, they put the a hundred in there.


'cause you're, again, interest rates matter a lot more when you're thinking in a long term time horizon. Mathematically they matter a lot more. And, and so yeah, just, just, I would just park it in a high yield savings. You don't have to think about it. Yeah. I Love it. And I love hearing the excitement. I love hearing She's winning. Knocked It out, baby. They paid off their debt. Now you got a young couple. The American dream is alive and well, is what I take from that call. Absolutely. Despite what you may be reading or hearing somewhere else, that's fun. Absolutely. Mary is on Facebook and says at age 56, how much should I have saved for retirement by now? Oh no, you're not gonna make it.


You're gonna be fine. I don't even know how much you have, but you're gonna be fine. There's not a set number. Okay. The the goal is by the time you quit working whenever that is, and the government made up the number 65, no one else did. It's just made up. Okay. So you can work till 85, you can work till 105. I don't care. You just work until you don't wanna work or till you hate that job and you go do something different, right? So the, but if you can live off of 8% of your nest egg and it's invested at 12, you'll be fine.


So if you have $500,000, 8% of that would be 40,000 a year. And it, it'll be growing at a little more than that. It'll be growing at about 60,000 a year. So if you grow 60 and you pull off 40, you'll be fine. And that, that that program right there will run in perpetuation. It doesn't have an, it doesn't have any, you never run outta money with that program. So if you build an nest egg that you can live off of 8%, then boom, you're gonna be there just fine. So just start targeting that and be serious about it. Be intentional about it, but don't be anxiety ridden about it.


This is The Ramsey Show. For free tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the Show notes. You know,


one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all, grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Student loan debt is an epidemic and defaulting on debt makes you feel even worse. But our question of the day's sponsor, why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment you can afford with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else. So go to y refi.com today slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Kate in Maryland. My daughter is a junior in high school and has no idea what she wants to do when she graduates. My husband And I love the idea of her owning her own business, but neither my husband nor I have experience in this, we both wish we had made different career decisions that would've given us more independence. Where can we research with her to get a better understanding and vision for this option? Or would you still recommend college versus real world experience? Okay, I'm gonna put myself into this particular situation. Say if this was my daughter, what would I do? And so because she's a junior, we would begin to identify areas of interest, not come up with a business idea. I think this could be very paralyzing for a youngster.


It's paralyzing for a lot of people in their thirties and forties because we know Dave from the data that 70% of Americans want to be self-employed, but only 6% are. So I'm speaking from data here. So what I would do with my daughter is we would begin to identify areas of interest. In other words, people that she wants to help, solutions she gets excited about, problems she wants to solve. And there's an industry, if there's a business, there's an industry. And so we want to get broad so that she gets some real interest and begins to see some areas of interest. At that point we're gonna shadow. I'm gonna allow her to go have coffee lunch with people that are in those industries or maybe run businesses in those industries, shadow at work.


If, if she can get shadow opportunities, all of this to begin to, to create a field of three or four of her most interesting options at that point then we start to have the discussion is college is a degree the best decision or is it getting right into the workforce and working in an industry? Give you an example to help clarify this some more. If this were a young man and, and by the way, it's not limited to young man, but let's say she decides she wants to own a business in the trades. Okay? At that, at that point then I want her shadowing folks that are working in those trades and getting a real world experience, the good, the bad, the ugly, the smelly, everything.


And at that point we determine whether or not she's really interested in, and then the path is going to be to go to work and hustle and learn on the job. And eventually you'll work your way into spinning off on your own and starting your own business. So that's a hard question to answer in such a short amount of time without back and forth. But that would be the advice that I would give. 'cause that's what I would do. These young people need to see it, touch it, experience it, smell it. Yes. And then they can decide. Completely agree because Kate, you did not say she hasn't this extreme passion and apparent natural talent and bent towards X because you did not say that.


That would've led her towards a business. The people that we've talked to that are 18 or 19 or 21 years old that have had success and they call this show and they are really killing it and we're all kind of aghast at how yeah, how far ahead of this curve they are running their own thing. They almost always had a natural gift towards something. Technology is not unusual for a 19-year-old today to be something that they would go, you know, they, they've been screwing around writing code, messing around, building apps and all of a sudden they built an app and took off and around a business. Okay. Or you know, whatever. That's fine. I mean that would be Michael Dell. That would be Bill Gates, both Quick College and Steve Jobs.


All three, all three companies were formed by college dropouts. And so, but they were super nerds with their eye exactly. On what they wanted to do. That's correct. There was no question. Instead you're asking a very generic thing. I, my husband And I always wish we were in business, so we wish our daughter would go into business, but none of us have a clue. Yeah. That no, don't go in business. Business is too hard. That's correct. Don't, don't, don't, don't put a 18-year-old, 20-year-old out there with no, no education to go into business doing that. No. If she thinks or that that in talking with her that she has got some entrepreneurial flare and wants to do a business someday, maybe in the future a great, you know, just get a business degree.


Get a degree in finance, a degree in marketing, you'll learn accounting, you'll learn statistics, you'll learn marketing, you'll learn strategic thought. I mean you'll get some of these basic things in a good four year degree. That's what I have. And I use a lot of those classes I took 40 years ago every day running RAMSEY. You know, it's a $300 million company. It's a dad, good dad gum, good thing I had a couple of accounting classes. Hello. You know, rather than just trying to figure that out with a high school accounting class. And so it's a good thing that I, you know, understand marketing at an academic level before I actually get neck deep in it and then try to figure out how it works out here in the real world too.


So I would do that. I, if she thinks she's going to go that direction, combine with Ken's advice of really go in there and study, study, get, go visit these places. Quit talking about this stuff in the abstract. Here's what we know about entrepreneurs. Bus business is very hard. It is. And And people that have never started a small business and run one have this romantic view. Yeah. And there's but there's a lot of dirt under the fingernails, boys and girls. Yeah. I mean there's a lot. It's, it's long hours. It's the hardest boss you'll ever work for in your life. That guy's a dead gum slave driver. Yeah. And to that point, the entrepreneurs that win are driven by deep, deep desire to solve a problem.


Yep. And they come up with a solution that's the business is a solution and they're deeply passionate about it. That's what keeps 'em going. Because it is, you almost need that magnetic pull or else you're, if You're gonna quit, if you're just in it because in air quotes, I always wanted to work for myself. Yeah. You're not gonna make it. No, no chance. It's too tough. You're gonna get your butt run over in the middle of the street, man. I mean, you're just gonna be roadkill. And it's just too, I mean, because you put up with too much, you shovel so much manure. It's unbelievable to, to there's a pony in there somewhere. But you gotta shovel the manure. I mean it's, it's real And, and I'm not complaining And I'm not whining. I wouldn't, but I have to call for a certain thing.


That's correct. And I've had two in my life, I mean one on real estate and went broke and then one doing this And I could do the real estate tomorrow and still be okay. But obviously God called us to this right here and I'm happy with that. But yeah, I wouldn't put up with the BS that you, nobody will. That's why we see business people quit all the time. It's why we see a chef who is good at cooking and nothing else has a failed restaurant. That's why restaurants have the highest failure rate of almost any stinking business category because they think somebody thinks because they can cook or like cooking for their friends that that makes 'em a restaurant owner.


Now you gotta hire and fire people all day long. Restaurant is a 325% turnover ratio in a year. It means you have to hire three people to fill that one position during that year. That that's, so you're in the hiring business, you're in the firing business, you're in the food sourcing inventory, there's all this stuff that goes with running a business. It's not cooking. That's right. And and that's that it blows a chef's mind and they, they go, oh God, I wish I'd never Yeah, that's right. We all wish you'd never, but yeah, That is a great actual example of do I wanna run a business that serves food or I do, I just wanna cook food. Two very different paths by the way. Both honorable. But there is a big distinction between the two.


And that's the key. You know, it's even like when we're talking with entree leaders, these small businesses and they're getting ready to promote their best sales person to be sales manager. It's two different skills. That's exactly right. You're managing salespeople is different than making sales. So one of the, sometimes one of the worst things you can do is take your, your best sell seller and turn 'em into a sales manager. 'cause they don't have that skillset. They're good at selling, they're not good at managing salespeople. And, And don't forget, they may not enjoy it. They may enjoy the service They may Have hate it. They enjoy the service of the customer. They don't enjoy the service of leading a team of people. Again, you lead A bunch of salespeople. D like running a beauty partner. It's drama. That's right. Two very different job descriptions. So you know, you need to get in there what it is.


So that's, it's a great question Kate. And we'll have the team send out, I love the student assessment would be great for them. Okay, perfect. 'cause we've actually got that. And that's, a young person can take that and get a pretty good idea of what a current snapshot of what a professional job description of purpose would look like for Them. And that can be a business That's Right. Might very Completely killing that. But make sure you understand that. You know, business is not romantic. This is The Ramsey Show. Okay.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresite Fund Services. LLC


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Thank you for joining us America. We're so glad you're here. Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author, host of The Ken Coleman Show. And of course the book is Paycheck to Purpose. The other one's Proximity Principle. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Andrew is in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Hi Andrew, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, hey, Hey Dave. How you guys doing well today, appreciate you taking my call.


Sure. So I'm 32 years old and I've been following your baby steps and your content on YouTube and your website. I've just reached baby step number four. So couple question. Congratulations. Well done. Thank, thank you very much. Yeah, it was a, it was a big achievement. So in regards to investing, I just took a look at kind what my current situation is And I'm enrolled in my employer's 401k and and contributing 6%, which is what my company matches. Now I think your advice is to next open up a Roth IRA and max that out.


And if there's any leftover, put that back into the 401k to hit by 15%. Is that correct? Yeah, exactly. Unless your 401k offers a Roth and has good options, good mutual funds to pick from. Okay. In which case you could just put it all in there. Doesn't matter, but, okay. Does your, does your company offer a Roth 401k? It's through Fidelity. So I'll, I'll have to go and and check into that. I was gonna open up a Roth IRA through Fidelity just to keep it under one one roof. I wouldn't, You would not. No, I would go, go find It's not, it's, it's not a, whether it's from with Fidelity. Fidelity offers Roth 4 0 1 Ks to the employers that use Fidelity to manage their 4 0 1 Ks.


And the only question is whether your employer allows that or not. If they do, you need to switch your whole thing to Roth. Now do you have good long-term options for mutual funds inside that 401k? I believe so. Just at the, you know, based on the quick searching I've done. Okay. I, I, you know, if, if you've got great options there, I would just put it all there And I put it all in Roth. Okay. That's what, you know, if that gets you to your 15%. If it doesn't then you can open a Roth and I would go to a smart investor pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com to get your investing started. But the mutual fund of family, the brand is Fidelity.


There's Vanguard, there's Templeton, there's American funds. Those are brands like Campbell's Soup. But then the mutual funds inside is the vegetable soup or the chicken noodle soup or the chili or whatever, or whatever analogy or metaphor we want to use here. So you don't have to have all of your soup from Campbell's. You could get a different brand of soup. So it's not required that you go get a Fidelity Roth with your four. Oh, I mean just 'cause your 401k is that not at all. I'm not saying they're bad. Most of these fun families, these brands have good funds and bad funds track record wise.


So you just need to learn about their track records and if you want some further help, do go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and sit down and do that. And, and Ken, the the, the, the big thing he's doing right is He is actually doing it. Yeah. And that he worked really hard to get there. I loved how he kind of paused after you said great job. And he went, it was a big accomplishment. And, and you know what's fun to hear about that is this is a guy who now understands the pain that they went through to get to baby step four. And now you get to the momentum stage where we're like, now we're getting wealthy and building wealth. And that's fun to hear. Yep, yep. Absolutely. And yeah, it's like, God man, I got rid of all those payments now I got some money to invest time to Yeah.


Flip the switch from being a broke person to being a rich person. Right. I'll ask a question 'cause we got a lot of new people all the time and I'd love, And I know the answer but I'd love you to address it. 'cause we tell people in baby step four 15%, so the 15% explain that 'cause he's got 6%, he's putting in this company's matching. 'cause I think a lot of people have questions about that. So about what we teach on that number. Okay. Just take your household income. If you're married, you and your spouse's income total times 0.15 and that dollar amount needs to be going into retirement somewhere somehow the best thing you can do is take a match regardless of if it's Roth or traditional.


If your company's matching, like he's got a 6% match, the best thing you could do. And the 6% match does not count towards the 15. You are putting 15 in. That's it. The fact that they give you 6%, that's irrelevant. It's wonderful, but it's irrelevant to this discussion. So you put in 15%, that was your point. That's right. And the then, but the, it's kind of a rock paper scissors except it only goes one way. Match beats Roth Beats traditional. So you go down the order, you first get all the match you can get. If they have a Roth like I suggested to him, he may, then you get the match in a Roth. That's a, that's a double win. Then you max out in Roth. And if you can't do anything except traditional beyond that, because for instance, you, you did a, your company only has a traditional 401k, so you got the 6% match like he may have.


He thinks he might have. Then you move on from that 6%. We move on down, we do Roth at the, at the Smart Vista Pro. Well that Roth amount plus the amount you put in the 401k at 6% match still not up to 15%. Then the last stage as you'd go back and finish off with the traditional, which he had that exactly right. That's right. He'd been listening and had that figured out. Exactly. So match beats Roth Beach traditional. 'cause a match is a hundred percent rate of return. You put in a thousand bucks, they put in a thousand bucks, you made a thousand dollars on your money instantaneously. And there are no mutual funds that have a hundred percent rate of return. None. And there are no taxes that are a hundred percent tax rate. So you can always win with a match.


Always match is Trump card. It wins the whole thing. Tara is in Salt Lake City. Hi Tara, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you Dave. I'm happy to be here. Good To have you. What's up I little background. I have a degree in healthcare administration and since I had babies I found some jobs where I could do billing from home. So I do insurance billing And I run copays and things like that. My husband is a licensed therapist and just this year he became independently licensed. So he started his own private practice where he sees patients on Saturdays. And so he works at his 40 hour a week job. And then Saturdays he sees his patients and I want to be involved in his business' finances.


This is what I do from home for other offices. Like I understand insurance and copays and deductibles and he doesn't want me to touch his business at all. And I why? And it's not so much that I don't trust him. Well, no, why? Why doesn't he want you touching it? That's weird. Yeah. He says he's worked for companies before where like the husband and wife have both been in charge and He is like, I just see that their marriage isn't great and they're fighting over business things and He is like, I'd rather not have business conflict in our marriage. So he kind of wants to just have that. He is like, you can manage all the money I take home, but I wanna run the business myself. I mean, did Sharon help you when you were starting your business? Like with this finance?


No, but she also didn't want to and didn't have the skillset to Yeah, she does not have an accounting background like you do. So this is not a con, I mean Certified QuickBooks. This is like Pete, this is like someone who says family should never work together. That's bull. Yes. Family can work together just fine as long as they know how to do it. As long as they know have the relational skills. Yeah. A therapist that does not have the relational skills to do this scares me. Yeah. I mean He is not a marriage therapist, but yeah. Well I mean He is therapy something you're doing some kinda teaches people to function with other human beings. That's what therapy does. Yeah. That's interesting Dave. It's all, it's like run the business is one thing. She just wants to help with the finances. I no, he, he needs, he doesn't Want her involved at all.


That's weird. That's weird. No, I think you should be involved, but I think you also need to learn to work together. Sweetly, this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety, so I'm also a Burna guy. Burna is the UN Gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burna is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force because a Burna pistol, immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna pistols And I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burner right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Berna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


Hey guys, George Kamel here and it's that time of year again. The store shelves are packed with little Debbie's Christmas trees matching pajamas for you and your dog. You know who you are. And giant inflatable Santas for the yard. I'm not mad about that. And speaking of inflation, Americans are about to spend close to a trillion dollars this Christmas and get this one third of that spending will be swiped on credit cards. Yikes. Now I get it. You want the holidays to feel magical and you wanna have a good time, but trust me, there is nothing magical about staring down a mountain of credit card debt come January. So here's the deal. If you don't want January, you to hate December, you, I've got a money hack for you. Download the EveryDollar app. It's free to get started and you could find an extra $400 of margin in your first month of using it. See with EveryDollar, you'll keep your holiday spending under control. You'll track your expenses, you'll make a plan. You'll stay accountable and maybe even set yourself up with some sweet New Year goals. So skip the post-Christmas regret and download EveryDollar for free in the app store today. Your future self will. Thank you.


Thank you for joining us America. We're so glad you're here. Open phones at eight eight eight two five five two two five. If you want to help us out, we could use your help. Click subscribe on the format that you're listening or watching YouTube or a podcast. Click the follow button maybe. Maybe the share button also where you can share the show or click a cut a link out and send it to somebody and say, Hey, listen to The Ramsey Show. It's helping me check these guys out on Spotify, apple, wherever it is, Google Play, wherever it is on our local talk radio station. Help us share it. Tell people about us. When you do that, it makes a big, big difference.


Thank you very much. And those five star reviews, you can keep those coming too. They're very, very helpful. All that changes the algorithms on those things and pushes those formats right up into somebody's face and we're able to help more people because you guys followed shared subscribed and left nice reviews and so on. Jan is with us in Tampa. Hi Jan. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Oh, hi Dave. What an honor. Thank you so much. Sure. How can we help? Well, I've got a lot of things. But this is a, this is my main thing right now. Well, I, I am an accountant who's learning embarrassingly late in life how to start to manage my own finances.


And I've been trying to, I've been following your system. I'm working on trying to pay back my debt. And I was, before I heard what you had to say about working with places like AmeriCorps and stuff, I was working with a debt settlement company and that was horrible. I finally saw that the fees and stuff that they were charging, I can do better, you know, just on my own. So I quit with them. Okay. And then I negotiated, like Synchrony got that one paid off and the next one I was gonna, I wanted to call you before I did this, but I called Capital One. I hadn't talked to them in like a year and a half. And I kicking myself, 'cause I got set up on this 20 month debt repayment plan at like, almost 300 a month.


I mean, it's almost a full balance of the debt. And I thought then I, after I did that, I thought I heard you say on another show that you, that you can, you know, settle it for, I mean, I understand paying back what I owe. Believe me, that's weighing on my conscience a lot too. But I I have heard you also speak to, you know, that you can settle these things for like quarters on the dollar and Yeah. If, if it's a two year-old or one year-old debt Yeah. They're, they're gonna, and a lump sum, they won't do that on payment plan. How can we help you today, Jan? Well, do you think if I offered them 2,500? No, you have a payment plan now. Oh no, They won't. They have you.


I mean, if you quit paying those payments and they don't have anything coming in, they might, if you want, if you wanna do that, but if you can pay this out now that you've done it, pay it out. But if you're not able to do it, then you're not able to do it. You settle a debt when you're not able to pay it. Well, I'm really not. But I mean, I mean it's, it's a hardship, but I, but I under, I do understand about, I mean It's a balance and it's a balance in there. It's not, it's are you able to, in the next 20 months, you know, pay your lights and water, food, work some extra jobs and pay your bills. If you are, then pay 'em.


If you're not able to and you're behind and you call them up and you offer them pennies on the dollar as a lump sum, which is what you're talking about, I recommend, but that, that's only for someone who can't pay. It's not a get out of debt technique for someone who's able, I have $10,000 in the bank, I owe $10,000, write a check. Don't settle a debt like that if you took out the money on the credit card. Right. Yeah. It gets down to ethics and character That it out doesn't sound like she's trying to violate that, but I'm just trying to distinguish for our, I Think she tried to get a deal for A listening audience, you Payment plan, and now she regrets that. Yeah, That's, that's exactly what it's, yeah. But I that does also sound like you can pay it.


Yeah, it's hard. But you can pay it. Yeah, if you can pay it and do your other stuff, then do it. Finish it out, you'll be done. And, and you know, maybe they waive some interest or something like that. That's fine. Austin is in Spokane. Hi Austin, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello sir. Thank you for having me. I really appreciate it. Sure. How can we help? Yeah, So I kind of, a little bit of a dilemma. I've been with my current company, been with them for 10 years now. I started with the company when I was in my mid twenties. Me and my wife were having a kid at the time. We're like, okay, this seems like a good poss good option for us. They have really good benefits. I've had good medical care, I have great time off flexible schedule, but the pay has been lacking.


And 10 years down the line, I still have the same job. I started with, I was hoping with this particular company there'd be growth opportunities, ways to move up. And it just hasn't happened. So I kind of feel like I worked myself or backed myself into a corner being with the company for so long. So wanna know like, what do you think the possible options are to possibly move away from this company? Or because the benefits are so good, do I stick it out for a little bit longer? Kind of no, kind of my dilemma. Do I move forward or do I just do I just move on? You move forward mentally, move forward, you know, looking through everything financially involved with the move and then you make the move, but your soul is, has kind of left your body already around this job.


You feel like you've hit a lid. And to answer your first question is no, you didn't paint yourself in a corner unless you're not telling us something. You know, painting yourself in a corner is you have no options. You can't get out. That's the, the very idea there with that. So the question is, go back to 10 years ago, where did you see yourself going up the ladder? What did it look like? Was it in this particular field or was it in a different field? Different industry. Yeah. So was this particular field, So I currently work like, I guess you can call it customer service role. I've been doing that for 10 years. Well, I kind of thought it was like, this company is so big, it's got a good name for itself.


If anything, it's gonna look great on a resume. Right? But what did you think you wanted to be doing? Where, where would you like to be today? Let's answer that question. If you could snap your fingers no risk, what would you like to be doing right now? I was like, I would, I mean, the dream scenario, I would love to own my own business someday. No, that's not what I, that that's down the road. You went a little too far. Gimme the, you already answered the question and then you edited. I heard it. So what, what would, what's the spot on the ladder you'd like today? Had the 10 years gone the way you wanted it to? What would you be doing? If I, I'm doing customer service now. If I were in a management position in that same particular field, I would've been, I would've been happy with that. All right, so you get to management by virtue.


In other words, you do good work and you're in a company that has a growth environment, meaning they do this. You've not grown for 10 years. One of the things I would challenge you as your coach, if we're sitting in a a one-on-one session is do you have good evidence as to why you haven't moved at all in 10 years? I'm not saying it's your fault, but I'm also not necessarily blaming the company. I just don't know enough to just make them the bad guys. But you need to know homework assignment number one is do I have some real clarity from my current leaders and through my records over the 10 years as to why maybe I haven't moved up the ladder. Let's get, let's make sure we're not walking around with a blind spot. Second thing is right is, okay, what positions are available to me in different companies?


Same industry where I know for a fact I've done my homework and they have a of culture of growth. Like Ramsey Solutions moves people up. You do a good job here and you stay with it, you're gonna get an opportunity for growth here. And so you're gonna Be looking for that. We announced 32 promotions and staff meeting this morning. Exactly. Very normal. So you know the industry, Zach, you know the industry and you know the position. Go get it. Don't overthink this. But before you move, we're gonna have something that we're gonna move into. We're not gonna jump and start looking. There's, it's just never a good idea unless for some reason you've got all kinds of wealth need. Is it too late? You need that company to go in and sit down with supervisor and say, how can I add value?


It might be, that's my next question. Have you ever sat with a leader in your 10 years and said, Hey, I want to grow. What are some opportunities for me? Yeah, yeah. I have. I've had a same manager for quite a while and we've had those conversations and I have moved or done rotational roles that've only last for like six to nine months. And I have tried those opportunities and I unfortunately haven't really accumulated or turned into anything beyond that. Yeah, I think Dave's right. I think one more time I'd sit with him and go, Hey, I've been here 10 years and this is the kind of gig that I'd love to have. You've given me these opportunities. Shoot me straight, let me know where I stand. I can handle it. We've been together a long time. Tell me what are my options here to grow and be okay with whatever the answer is.


And that'll give you some clarity moving forward. But you probably looking somewhere else is my guess. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here And I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not wanna miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


You ever stood in the grocery store line nervous that when you spent that money it was gonna cause check to bounce? I have. That's scary. Life's too short to live scary like that. You wanna stop it. You have to tell your money what to do instead of wondering where it went. That happened to me when we were going broke. I got a brand new baby, a toddler and a marriage hanging on by a thread. Sharon would've left, but she didn't have a car. I mean, we were not, it was not good at our house.


And I remember, I can show you the Kroger, I was standing in line, I'm writing a check And I can't figure out in my head if when I buy these groceries, if there's gonna be enough money to pay the electric bill, if the electricity's gonna get cut off because I bought groceries. See, when you have a written detailed plan, you'll never have that feeling again. You'll know this is how much I have for groceries and that means I have enough for lights and enough for water and enough for the rent and enough for the kids' school activity and enough for whatever. 'cause you've got it written down. And you know, when I, if I, if I stay in this side, this number that's written down for this category, that means the other categories get to exist without any trouble.


The stress goes way down. The anxiety evaporates. The old word we used to use is you are empowered. Remember being empowered for things. Ken, that was a long time ago. Yes. Scary word to a lot of people know. Yeah, it's okay. You're empowered, you're in control of your money instead of it. Money is a great slave. It's a horrible master.


You need a written detailed game plan for your money. It's called a budget. And that's why we developed EveryDollar because EveryDollar gets an assignment before the month begins and you agree on it with your spouse. You can download the world's best budgeting app. Call to EveryDollar for free in the app store or at Google Play. Or you can click in the, click the link in the description if you're on podcast or YouTube.


Kathy is with us in Indianapolis. Hi Kathy, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, Thank you. Thanks so much for taking my call. I feel like I could use a group call with all of you all, Rachel, j John, Ken and Dave. But Dave, you're like my financial father. I think we're the same age, but I've been listening to you for a long time, So I waited till a day that you were here. So I think I have two main questions. Can we afford to own two homes? And the second was, if we divorce, what considerations are there for our investment account?


So just a tiny bit of background, we're, we're living separately at home. I'm 65, my husband's 67. I travel two to three weeks out of every month to go and help our daughter who lives in a different state with her tiny little ones with another one on the way. I've gotten involved in a church up there and starting to develop some friendships up there. My daughter and son-in-law, they want me to come as much as I want and to, to be there with them, but they don't really wanna spend time with my husband. Why?


Behavioral and emotional immaturity. I think I would focus on Is that Her dad? It doesn't seem to No. I said, is that her father? Oh, is that her father? I'm sorry, yes. Okay. So she, she doesn't want a relationship with her father. She wants it no more than a couple days at a time. She's concerned about him being around the young kids. And I, what's wrong with Him? What's wrong with him? Well, I have involved our church And I attempted to talk to him, but I'd say it's emotional immaturity, spiritual immaturity, relational immaturity, focus on politics and things that just don't matter.


And you have ask for forgiveness every time these things happen. Not What are these things? I mean, he yells at people or what? I'm trying to think of a real quick example. He doesn't know when to quit when people say, I don't wanna talk about that. He, he won't quit. And I've talked to my pastor about it and He is tried to set up times to talk with him, but he'll, he just says that he will go to counseling, but then it never happens. So we've been living separately in our own home here for about six months. Okay. So yeah. I I do not like that.


Your daughter and your grandkids are driving this. You owe your marriage more than that. How long you been married? Oh, we've been married for 41 years. Okay. And maybe I'm, maybe I'm Not explaining it correct. So you, you need to, to go you without your daughter's input. I'm tired of her input already. You need to go sit down with a counselor and start talking to the counselor about how to talk to your husband of 40 years that you're gonna require him to sit down in counseling with you and you need to be able to give some words to that for him, for you to stay in the marriage. Okay. Well, and I've put boundaries around things And I, I may have, I think maybe I jumped ahead.


This has just been getting progressively worse. My Yeah, because you ran off, off to the, you ran off to another city No. For three weeks at a time and griped with your daughter about how bad a man this is that you've been married to for 40 years. Of course it's not getting better. Well, And I hate to correct you there. I really do. But that, that is not how it's panned out. And I it's what you told Me. Well, yeah, I'm trying to be careful here because this has been ongoing for years and years and my going there so much has just recently started to pick up because of the need there. I am not running away from my home here and my responsibilities here And I'm confident of that and my pastor's con con confident of that.


Okay. Alright then I, you, you guys have to decide if you're gonna be married. Yeah. And then you need to decide that and then you'll decide whether you're gonna do stuff. No, I would not try to live in two different cities and act like we're not married when we're still married. That would, that would be suicidal relationally, emotionally, financially. Yes. So I am, you know, deciding our, our home here is paid off When you, when you divorce, you turn your, your balance sheet into a business and you're just gonna look at what we own and what we owe and that's gonna be split. And so you gotta start thinking about that. Yes. And I have, And I, I contacted, I have my investment account, the 1.3 million with one, the one of the brands.


And I went to another one of the brands to have, because I'm right now 90 10 in stocks and then bonds and Well, you don't need to move anything until you decide if it's what's gonna be split. Exactly. Exactly. So I, Right now you need to decide. First thing we gotta do is just add it all up and start talking to a divorce attorney and how much of that's gonna be yours? How much of it's gonna be his, because in most states it's down the middle. Right? It's 50 50 here. Yeah. And he says, my husband says he understands that. I mean, I've managed all that. I've built it, we've done it together. But he said, you know, you deserve more than that. But I said, well beyond that we just need to figure out what we're gonna do.


And they worked out this plan for me with a 50 50 split, but with it changing from 90 10 stocks and bonds to 70 30 stocks and bonds. So I had a question for you about that. I was thinking about going with a second company, but they do individual stocks and I know that that is generally you just, you do not do that. No, I wouldn't do any of that. I think you got a whole lot bigger plant problem than whether you're in stocks or bonds. Honey, in a marriage of 41 years, you need to think about and you all need to concentrate on that and you need to put a bow on that one way or another. Either we're in a healing mode or we're in an ending mode when it ends, you take your poker chips off the table, then you sit down and you know, you can go to Ramsey Solutions and click on Smart Ster Pro.


They'll sit down and put you in some mutual funds, is what I would do. It's pretty simple. I wouldn't be in stock So I wouldn't be in bonds. I wouldn't be in 70 30. I wouldn't be in 90 10. I'd be a hundred percent in mutual funds. That's what I'm in. And you've been listening to me. You already knew that. So wow. That's a sad place you're in, honey. Real sad.


This is The Ramsey Show folks, the RAMSEY Christmas cash giveaways here. And You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000. Enter our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality is my cohost. This is the last segment on the podcast and on YouTube. If you wanna pick up the next segment, all you do is go to Ramsey Network app. It's completely free. Download the app. You can watch, listen to the show, all the show including the next segment, the after show, so to speak. And those of you on talk radio always get what you always get. And there's all kinds of other stuff on The Ramsey Network app. All the other shows. The, you can search this show by subject, you can send emails and it's a hundred percent free. There's not a subscription level on it at all. We're not selling a subscription. It's a completely free app. The Ramsey Network app, be sure and join it. Put that on your phone, start listening using in that, using that to consume this show.


Nicholas is in Washington DC Hi Nicholas, how are you? I'm good, how are you Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? I, So I just graduated college, took my last final today And I have a job offer for that. I've actually taken already for 130,000 a year. And you Graduated from college and took 130,000. What's your degree in Computer science? Way To go, dude, man. Thank you So much. Look At you. Wow. Okay. And on that note, I, I have absolutely no idea how to structure this income and, and how I can save to the best.


I have a blessing that I can live with my parents for a while after starting this job. So I think for the first six months I'll probably be living with them and just saving up as much as I possibly can. But I'd love your insight on whether I should be maxing out my 401k. Any other you Have any debt tools, Any I do have debt. I have roughly $30,000 of debt. Okay. Alright. Here's what I would do in your situation, you need to do a detailed written plan and you're good at detailed written plans with a computer science degree of what you're gonna do with EveryDollar before the month begins. Now, you do not know exactly what your take home pay is yet, but you can probably get pretty close.


Okay. And, And I would not stay with your parents six months and save money. I would stay there three months until you found a nice place and get out. So I know that roughly my take home after taxes will be around seven and a half thousand a month. Okay, perfect. Then budget that out. Stay there three months and find you an apartment and get the heck out, man. Start your life. I I I'm ready to start my life. Good. But on that note, what, what should I be aiming to pay for rent? Because this is a very expensive area kind of hence the, the large salary and one bedroom apartments in the area of where I work go for around 2,500.


Is that something you think I can afford? Nope. You need to be a fourth of your income. Fourth of your take home pay Fourth of the take home. Okay. That's what I'm saying. So you may want to get a two bedroom, get a roommate, or you may wanna live a little bit further out with a bit more of a commute than you were looking at. You're not gonna be able to afford to live in the cool area of DC Not on 130 grand. It's not 130 grand budget. Yeah. But you can live in the area. You just can't live in the cool kids area. And that's where the apartment was. Yeah. Yeah, it sure was. Do you think I should be maxing out my 401k? No, I think you need to dump everything you got on the 30 K until you get rid of it. And then after that, Then after that I would start, I'd make sure you had an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses.


After that I'd start putting 15% of my income away towards retirement and my 401k. And really you should be there within a year. But let, let's take this year and get the 30 K and build an emergency fund of 20,000 cash. Start talking about maybe buying a house someday and let's start putting money in our 401k At that point, I'm gonna send you a copy of the book, the Total Money Makeover, which outlines what we call the baby steps, Nicholas. And it'll walk you through every little bit of that and jump online and get EveryDollar the budgeting app for free and get started on laying out your budget and give EveryDollar a game plan before the month begins, but completely concentrate on the debt until it's gone.


And, you know, two, two to three months at your parents' house is plenty in this situation. Yeah, I I was gonna say, Nicholas, the one thing you're gonna need to fight is that you've been in college presumably for four years and you got a, a dorm room or apartment in the cool part of town and life's been a big, big blast and you've done well and you got a good job. Now it's the time to start being patient. And I think the roommate living further out, learning how to manage your money, you're gonna be so far ahead If you just can be patient and not try to keep a portion of that college lifestyle going, this is the real world now. And that means not getting an apartment in an expensive place, getting one, two, maybe three roommates for a year, whatever that is.


So that's my encouragement to you is, is now things are changing and the mindset has to change with it. Or else you're gonna feel like, oh, I should have this And I've been doing this. Well, you can't afford to do that. It's a very different world now. Yeah. We have this sense when we take a step up when we level up and you're leveling up by graduating and getting a great job. Yeah. It's human nature to have a sense of going, I deserve That's right. And let me help you with what you can des what you deserve. You don't deserve anything unless you can pay for it. That's your measure whether you deserve it or not. I, no, I don't. I don no, I don't. I don't care if you have the money, you deserve it. If you don't have the money, you don't deserve it.


You haven't made enough yet. And, and that, that slows your butt down and pushes you into a contentment zone, which goes okay. And then I'm gonna live like no one else so that later I can live and give like no one else. Nick's in West Palm Beach. Hi Nick, how are you? Hey Dave. I'm doing good. How you guys doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I'm in a little predicament here. I've been running my business, I started about eight years ago. It's a party and event rental company. We're located in South Florida and I have just recently, probably within the last six months, kind of been listening to a lot of your videos and watching you guys consistently starting the baby steps.


I've had about a little over $70,000 in debt between a vehicle or two as well as just mainly credit card debt. Within the last six months. I've paid off over half of that. I have about $30,000 in debt remaining with 22,000 of that being one of my vehicles. And then about $8,000 left in credit cards. And now with it being December, I've got Christmas bonuses that need to be going out, you know, that I'm normally paying every year. And that, you know, I've got about 10 employees total and I'd say four or five of them have been with me for a few years now and are used to, you know, that Christmas bonus this year.


I've just been, you know, I've been tightening everything up and I'm just in a predicament right now and wondering, you know, if, if I should pay those Christmas bonuses or if I should have a, you know, conversation with my employees about Do You have the money? I've got the money. Yeah, I, you know, I've, I've definitely have the money to pay them for sure. Pay right now. Yes. How big a bonus are we talking about? Not a lot. Not, I would say, you know, over the 10 employees, they're all gonna be small bonuses, maybe totaling up to $3,000. Okay. How much money do you have? I mean, right now just liquid in the bank between, you know, my personal accounts and my business accounts, I'd say approximately maybe 35 grand.


So you're just wanting to save the three this year to, to keep going towards all this debt elimination. That's why, that's your why, Right? That's, that's my why. Like, you know, how Do you think they're gonna react to that? What do you think their real reaction's gonna be if you told 'em today? Definitely some disappointment for sure. I'm sure they're kind of counting on it. It's later in the month than I would've normally paid it to. Yeah. 'cause I've just, you know what I mean? Have you ever seen Christmas vacation with Chevy Chase? I haven't, unfortunately. No. Wow. You know, watch that tonight. That didn't go well when he didn't pay the bonuses and they gave him the Jelly of the Month Club. These people are counting on it. Listen, it's a comedy, but people are counting on this and you waited way too late Yeah.


To change this on 'em. It's my opinion, I wouldn't do that for And money you think you're gonna Save and you have the money, you'll Lose 'em. That's right. You have the money, right. It's Not, it's not like you have 30,000 in bonuses and $30,000. Sure, sure. That's, That's not, you have the money, it's not gonna kill you. It's really not even gonna change your get outta debt plan. You're just, you're just more cognizant now where money's going and that's a good thing. Yeah. But in terms of communicating with the team on something like that, you com should have communicated before Thanksgiving. Yes. Okay. And so, and agreed. And if the truth is we're not profitable enough to pay out bonuses this year, but that's not even the truth here. Truth is you have the money, you just wanna put it on debt instead.


And So I in that case, no, I think part of running your business is a small and these are small Christmas bonus and yeah, just be, I I definitely would give that that out. I'd give it out today, by the way, in cash as soon as you get off the phone. This is The Ramsey Show.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on The Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. So we're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing Paul, scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? Because I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You Burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.