
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. Emily is in Jacksonville, Florida. Hi Emily. How are you? Hi. How are you guys doing today? Better than I deserve. What's up? So, quick question. I've been dating a lovely young man for about nine months, and we had a random conversation that came up about retirement savings.


I'm a big saver, so I'm really into, I have 401k and a Roth IRA, and his response was that all that matters is working and making money now, and that 4 0 1 Ks are a scam. And I just want to know what the best way to approach this conversation is to try to help him maybe understand the importance of saving for retirement. Did you ask him why he thinks they're a scam? Was there any kind of follow up on that particular classification of it? Not necessarily. He is actually, he moved here from Albania six years ago ago, and he just became a citizen this year.


And so how, how Old is he? He's 32 and I'm 30. Okay. All Right. Well, I mean, what he's saying is without, I mean, I don't know why he thinks 4 0 1 Ks in particular a scam, but what he's saying is, is that I came from an area where we are living hand to mouth and thinking about the future is not something I want to do. I want to just enjoy the moment because the way the, the situation I grew up in, there might not be a next moment for whatever reason. I don't know. I'm guessing. Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to give him a break here, because what he's saying is basically he's saying, I'm immature and I don't wanna think about the future.


Right. And we can give him a lot of grace as to why he might be in that based on, you know, I mean, I don't know what the situation was in his area of Albania. I'm not privy to that, but I can, I can guess that maybe the instability politically or whatever, safety wise or whatever in that, in the area he was in, has influenced this viewpoint. Agreed. Agreed. But it is a broken and stupid and immature viewpoint regardless of how he got there, there agreed. Regardless of how he got there. Okay. And so that's a problem for you because you get to live with someone who's going to do no planning for the future, which guarantees your future sucks.


Right? That's a problem. So that has to be solved relationally going forward. So we have to solve for this and walk him out of that or walk away from him. Yeah. I, I'm gonna recommend Emily, I, I'm going back to the days when I taught all three of my kids to ride a bike. And if in fact, he is truly scared of this product 401k, because he doesn't understand it, maybe there was corruption, all the things that Dave pointed out, if in fact he's truly afraid of it, and that's why he calls it a scam, then in fact, now you can deal with fear because he doesn't understand it. So it's like teaching someone to ride a bike. They're scared to death to ride a bike. So what do you do?


You put training wheels on first, right? And then you move from training wheels to I would hold the back of the seat and I would run with them for a bit. The point is, this is gonna be a gradual teaching process for you. I think if in Fact he's here before we talk about this relationship being permanent. That's Right. Right. Okay. Now, and so, you know, I'll give you another example that, that runs parallel. Okay? If you come from a Latin American country where the, where the banking system is full of fraud and is unstable and doesn't have an FDIC underpinning, and people lose their money when the bank goes broke like they did in the wild, wild west in America, if you come from one of those Latin American countries and you come here, it's not unusual at all for that people, from people from that type of a culture to have a deep distrust of banks.


And yet the banking system in America, even though I hate banks, but I mean, it's not, your money's not unsafe in a bank in America. That's an absurd idea. But it's based on where they come from, not based on reality. Now, if you're gonna marry someone who says, I'm going to stack $200,000 under our mattress in cash because I refuse to accept the fact that American banks are safe based on the country I grew up in, they're not safe, then that's not marriage material. Right? You are marrying someone that has not adapted well to the new culture that they live in, and you're gonna have problems as a result and shortages and issues.


And so, you know, you've gotta make, they have to make the transformation. If, if, if that's what it's, if it's simple immaturity, I'm 14 years old and I'm gonna live for Friday, thank God it's Friday party for the weekend. And I meet 57-year-old Americans who do that. Okay? They have no, where, there is no vision. The people perish and, and they end up retiring and trying to live on social security and griping and whining because all the opportunities gone in America. 'cause they drank theirs on Friday night because they were so freaking childish. Now I meet those that are Americans that are 57 years old. You don't wanna be married to that guy, you know, 25 years from now.


Agreed. Agreed. Yes, sir. So I think you gotta work. I think you're, you're wise to bring the question up and you gotta work through this with him, or I'm gonna be your old ugly Uncle Dave and say, I love you. Don't marry this guy. Ain't worth it. Yes. I appreciate all the advice. Thank you so much. That's a really cool question. It really Is. I would take him to your smart vest pro if you have one, if you don't need to get one. But I would literally take him in there and I'd honor all of his questions. If in fact, and Dave and I don't know, but if in fact he's scared, I think the best way to help someone who's scared is to honor their fear. Well, there's two types of fear. What are you afraid Of? False evidence appearing real. That's right. Which is, you know, I, if I, I fell on my bicycle the last time you let go of the seat.


Right? And I skinned my knee, so the next time you let go, I'm going to die. That's, that's right. That's false evidence appearing real. Yeah. You know, actual fear is of something that is logical. If you're standing in the middle of an interstate and 18 wheeler's coming at you at a hundred miles an hour, you should move. That's Right. That's actual fear. Yeah. You're going to die. You know, that's a lot different though. Yeah. And so this is a, this is false evidence appearing real, or it's immaturity, I don't know which. Yeah, yeah. And, but it's one of those two things. And either way, you gotta deal with it to go forward. So we gotta go, we gotta drill down, we gotta get the ground to zero on this and then work our way out. Really good question Though. Yeah. And, and I just wanna point out again, when you are in a relationship and you're not on the same page, and it's really fear holding the, the spouse or a boyfriend or girlfriend back, honor their questions, don't dismiss them.


Don't always try to explain 'em. Let them sit in that and ask the questions and get with somebody, a third party, in this case, a smart vestor pro who can answer every question about fraud and anything like that. Yeah. And then hopefully they get there and the light bulb goes off, and now we're on the same page. Yeah. It's, it's tempting to roll your eyes at something that's stupid. That's right. But it, but you can't, you gotta honor it and go, okay, there's a reason for this, and then let's get to the root of why and can we solve for it So we can go forward because you, you, you know, we're not aligned on what reality is here. And when you can't align on reality, you have a problem. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, when you're gazelle intense, you sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next. But when you've gotten rid of all you can save money by switching your cell phone plan to boost mobile, it's just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data Forever. Boost is a major nationwide network that offers reliable 5G service. And here's my favorite part, transparent pricing. There's no hidden fees, no contracts, and there's a 30 day money back guarantee, which means no risk. Go to boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY to switch today. That's boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY.


Thank you for joining us America. I'm Dave Ramsey. Ken Coleman. RAMSEY Personality is Mike, co-host number one bestselling author, and a host of a brand new show that's blasted off, I mean, super fast on RAMSEY Networks called Front Row Seat, where he does long form interviews with people that'll help you with their information, change your life. A very interesting interviews. You won't wanna miss these, I promise you. Front Row Seat on the RAMSEY Networks. All Right. Jacob is in Dallas. Hi Jacob, how are you? I'm doing good. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Yes. So I'm going through your baby step program currently.


I, I'm past baby step one. I have about 3000 in savings. I'm on baby step two, paying off debt to be debt free. Currently have about 10,000 in debt. But I'm, my question is, is after I pay off all my debt and I'm looking at baby step three to save three to six months of emergency funds, you know, but I ultimately want to be able to buy a house. And with our current financial situation, to me, I just don't see a way of being able to get there, even following the baby steps. Wait a minute. How, how much debt are you paid off so far? So it was a little over 10,000.


I've already paid off about a $1,500 toll bill. I paid off a $343 bill on in, in collections. I'm looking at paying off another $700 bill in collections. So you paid off two or 3000 of your 10,000 so far. How long have you been working on this? This actually was more recently. So I started doing this this month with my tax return. So in one month with a tax return and by focusing and being on a budget, you move the needle $3,000. Yes. How does that Translate to being hopeless about the future? That doesn't make sense. You're killing it. Proud of you. Yeah. Appreciate it.


But I, I have about 9,000 left in a vehicle loan, which should be paid off in a year and a half if I just No. Keep making the payments as I'm you paid off. I know, but we're not gonna make the payments as you are. You're gonna roll up your sleeves, you're gonna sell so much stuff. The kids think they're next, we're gonna get the stupid car paid off. If you gotta work an extra job, fine. Stay out of a restaurant and quit going on vacation. Get your dadgum car paid off so you can build an emergency fund so you can get a house. Understood. I mean, you, you, you've already moved the needle $3,000. That's a, that gives me reason for hope more than you seem to have. And you've got 3000 in savings, baby. Step one is actually just 1000. So you've got two grand that you need to be putting on that car today. Exactly.


Okay. So this is all new to you. This whole RAMSEY thing's new to you, isn't it Jacob? I, your name has definitely gone around my church a lot and that's why. No, but I'm talking about you actually looking at the information and applying it is new. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Because it sounds, it sounds like you're fresh in this. That's fine. I I get that. The, the thing that I've experienced in walking with people now for 30 years, doing the baby steps in detail exactly as we teach them. Okay. So you stop all 401k contributions temporarily, you don't get any more tax refunds 'cause you adjust your W2 to where your take home pay is accurate. If you get a refund, it's 'cause they're taking too much outta your check.


Santa Claus doesn't live in Washington DC okay? It's your money. You got it back with no interest a year later. So go ahead and adjust your W2. Stop putting money in 401k, stop eating out, stop going on vacation. Take an extra job. Sell everything in sight that we can get our hands on and let's get this car paid off as soon as possible. When that is paid off, then build your emergency fund very quickly and then start talking about saving. Now if you start saying, Dave, it's gonna take me three years to pay off $9,000 because of my lack of focus and sacrifice, then yeah, you do have a problem. You may never get a house because you're living in a, you're, you're living without really leaning in and focusing on this and sitting down with your spouse and saying, we're going to sacrifice.


We're going to live like no one else so that later we can live and give like no one else. As I've walked with people doing that, Jacob, they pick up momentum so that by the time the car is paid off and the emergency fund is in place and they come in here and do a debt free scream, they almost always have seen an increase in income. The number of people that their income went up dramatically while they're getting outta debt is substantial because they're just focusing on it. They're going, I need more money, I gotta get this moving. And so I predict that if you follow the stuff exactly as we teach that five years from now, you'll be making 130,000. You'll be debt free, you'll have an emergency fund in place and you'll have a good strong down payment, have already been made on a house with a 15 year fix.


That's a good starter house and you're gonna be putting 15% of your income into retirement and be on your way to be a millionaire. That's how what we show people how to do. And you can do that with what you're doing, but you're not gonna do it sitting there half, you know, it takes me three years to pay off $9,000 that that's, you know, no, that's not okay. You're gonna have to lean into it harder than that. Hang on, I'll send you a copy of the book, the Total Money Makeover, which gives you every detail of what to stop doing, start doing, and when to do it on the baby steps. And if you'll do that formula Exactly and not try to make it Jacob's plan, but instead just do what you're told it, it's gonna blow your mind how you'll move the needle and get your spouse on board with you, Jacob.


That's a big deal. Yeah. I just would underscore what Dave said. We have heard so many debt-free screams just right across the studio here, and every time their income goes up, I've never, I'm not saying it's always the case 90, but I've never Heard one 90 is something percent, And to your point, it is the momentum, mental and emotional momentum of the baby steps is what's the genius about it. When you start ticking off the debts, even in baby step two, momentum takes place and good things happen to people who have momentum. I'm just telling you, it's not a mystery. It just because you, you're happening to life instead of life happening to you. Well, and we know we're momentum. Hey, throw that book in Christian as well.


Throw in the momentum theorem. Yes. Because Momentum Theorem says this, it's a, it's a thing we developed to try to communicate that idea focused intensity over time, multiplied by God and his blessings creates unstoppable momentum. But wandering along doesn't create any momentum. You know, dancing through the rose garden doesn't create any momentum. It's you, as we say in Tennessee, in the country, you lay your ears back and you get into it, right? You stick your face in there and go, you stick your face right in the middle of the war, right in the middle of the battle and you get after it.


And that's when stuff starts to move. But just going, well, I think I can just, no, no, you can't do it. You gotta have more energy and focus in your voice than that. And in your actions and Jacob, you can do all of that. You've got the ability. You've already, just in the limited time, you've had some focus paid off $3,000 just 'cause you thought about it. I mean, that's just the power of thinking about it. Just the power of intentionality. It's very good. I'm proud of you. All Right. William is on the line in Pittsburgh. Hey William. What's up? How's it going? I, I'm doing good. How about yourself? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Well, what inspired this phone call is I'm getting a bonus check. It should clear on Friday I will clear $3,800.


I'm still working on paying off debt. Should, and my truck broke down earlier this week and I'm, I found out I'm gonna be losing my job sometime after one year, but before two years. How much debt have you got? About 60 k. On what Lines of credit? That kind of stuff. How much on your cars? Nothing. They're, they're both paid off. What's it gonna take to fix the truck? 2K. Well, there's two of your 3,800, right? Correct. Okay. All Right. And what do you, what'd you say you make, I make with the overtime about 58 or 58,000 a year.


What do you do? Did I mention I was trying to start up a landscaping business as well? I'm sorry if I didn't. No, but I mean, you're trying to figure out what to do. That makes sense. If you're gonna lose your job, it's gonna be a while for you to lose it. And you make 58,000. So what, what do you, what's it take to get the landscaping business going? I need $400. And I know that sounds a little bit ridiculous, but I used to own a landscaping business and I shut it down, but I already have all the, the, you know, I already have the trucks, the trailers, the equipment. I just need to do a few tuneups and a couple carburetors is all I need to get that up and go, Well you ought go make $400 in a week doing that if you, if you do the tuneup, right? Correct. Yeah, go do that. I Should be able to do about 800 a week.


Yeah, go do that. And then, then let's get this business up to 8,000 a week before you get, before you quit. Before you get fired, you quit before you get fired. Right? 'cause you're making so much money in landscaping. That's right. Yeah, definitely. Let's get this thing tooled up and get going. I'm in. That's what I would do if I were you. Good question.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage. Just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in m ls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


I was just talking about Ken Coleman's Front Row Seat a minute ago. One of the guests recently was Sawhill Bloom and Sawhill has a brand new New York Times bestselling book out the Five Types of Wealth and we asked him to stop by while he was hanging out with the RAMSEY team here and be a part of our, our show today here Live on the air. Welcome Sahil, thank You so much for having me. Congratulations on all your success man. Well done. Thanks. Blowing up. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. It's fun to see the impact in the world, you know? Yeah. Writing a book's a pain in the butt, but the but the results of it and, and how long it sticks around it makes it worth doing. Yeah. Something permanent about a book versus anything else that you do.


Social media writing, et cetera, just does feel different. Something very analog in a digital world for sure. Very cool stuff. Alright. Five types of wealth. I gotta hear. What are they? So the five types of wealth that I talk about in the book time, wealth, all about freedom. Mm. Social wealth, it's about your relationships. Mental wealth is about purpose and growth. Physical wealth is about your health. And then financial wealth is about money. What we all know and love. Ah, Okay. And I'm gonna guess and say you figured out that if those aren't all working, that none of them work. Yeah. The whole Idea as well anyway. Exactly. The whole idea is that our default scoreboard, the way we have traditionally measured our lives has been incomplete.


And that has been entirely based around money. And that is part of building a wealthy, a fulfilling life. But it's not the only part. And for a lot of people, the chase and the obsessive quest to do the one thing comes at the expense of everything else. You get the ric victory, you win the battle, but you lose the much bigger picture war. And so focusing on a more comprehensive scoreboard, a way to measure your life across all of these areas, that's how you go and build the comprehensively wealthy life that we all really want. You know, that's, we often get a question about work-life balance in the middle of getting out of debt. You know, you're going scorched to earth while you're getting outta debt. Following the, our, our process.


And as if there's no way to have high quality relationships or even a social life while you work hard. There's some is is is people have this idea that it's on spectrum and there's an automatic trade off. If I get a bigger piece of that, there's a smaller piece of that. It's not always that way, is it? No, I totally agree with you. The whole idea of even saying work life balance fundamentally places the two things in tension and that tension is made up. The reality is that the two can actually be part of a harmony, right? I mean, your family is on the mission with you that you are on when it comes to your work. And they should feel that way because it's part of building a life together that you're on that journey.


Your wife did the cover of the book, my Wife did the cover of the book. Exactly right. We're all on this mission together. I do think that the mindset of on off switches in life is one of the most dangerous mindsets we all have. We say, oh, I'm gonna be focusing on making money so too bad. You know, health too bad, family, friends, all those things get shut off. The reality is that you can just have them on dimmer switches. Just because you're prioritizing making money and getting out of the paycheck to paycheck cycle doesn't mean you shut off these other areas. Anything above zero compounds in all of these areas of life, just as much as it does with your financial future. You know, We were talking about this when you were on Front Row Seat, but I, I wanna bring this up 'cause I think there's clear data now.


We can look at CEOs, we, we see a correlation between healthy people and actually financially wealthy as well. It's pretty interesting how that correlates. And I think a lot of people overlook their physical health, right? Because they go, Hey, I'm doing well here. What have you seen on that? And how do you correlate those in the book Over and over again? We find that physical wealth, your health and vitality is a catalyst for every single other area of your life. Yeah. When you take care of yourself, fundamentally what you're doing is taking back agency over your life. You believe that you have the ability to take an action, do something for your physical health and create a desired outcome. That belief that you have instilled in yourself through the physical pursuits, applies to everything else that you do.


You now believe that you can take an action at work and create a desired outcome that you can take an action financially, create a desired outcome, that you can do that in your relationships. All of that is about reassuming agency. Yeah. I can res assume the hero in the stories role. I can take control of this. I can control the controllables the number of times we've over the 35 years doing this, that the, that someone says, oh, while I was getting out of debt, my marriage vastly improved and I lost 40 pounds. Not from not eating, but from physically taking care of myself. And so it turns out discipline begets discipline is one saying that fits right with that.


Yeah, absolutely. And you become a different person by taking these actions. So as a result, you are doing one thing, but it has those ripple effects into every other area of your life. You know, we were talking earlier, Sahil Sahil, I want you to, to share this because we agree on this. This book has really taken off. It's hit a nerve and the title itself is somewhat provocative without trying to be the five types of wealth. And, but in America today we're beginning to see kind of a groundswell, a negative groundswell. That's antis, successsful people. Why do you think that's happening? I think that for a lot of people out there, success has become something that they don't feel they have access to.


Mm. And that is fundamentally giving up your agency, right? You are saying that other people have the opportunity to do things and create success, but I do not. And so I'm going to be moan that success because I don't feel I have access to that. If you change one thing about your life, you create that one tiny piece of momentum, reassume that agency. You will no longer believe that you will recognize that you have the capacity to take an action and change your life. I, I would add to that, that as a couple, particularly a young couple, we see them once they lock arms and fix their eyes on the same goal and then they go slay that dragon together. They start to realize we as a couple can take agency over all these different areas of our life.


And it gives, it just builds confidence. The empowerment gives you confidence to go forward. Time, social, mental, physical, financial, the five types of wealth. Sahil Bloom is our guest. This is now a seven weeks on the New York Times bestseller. It's a legitimate, very good book and strongly recommend you pick up a transformative guide to design your dream life. Talk about designing your dream life. It is all about taking deliberate daily actions to actually go and build the life that you want. The tiny action that you do today is going to be the thing that creates the momentum for tomorrow. The problem is that when you stare at this big wall, you're trying to go create this enormous change in your life.


It's too intimidating. You look at it and you say like, I can't possibly get to the other side of this thing. You don't have to do that. It's just about creating a little bit of awareness and then taking a tiny bit of action. Because again, that tiny action is what creates the momentum for you to get a little bit better tomorrow, a little bit better the day after that, When you're staring at the blank screen, I'm gonna write a book. Do you have that same feeling? Absolutely. I gotta put, I got, I better put a word down here fast so that another word comes so that another word comes. 'cause otherwise I'm gonna be two days staring at this blank screen. Absolutely. And again, anything above zero compounds, the 10 words that you write today, the 10 minutes. But successful, ambitious people are the worst about allowing optimal to get in the way of beneficial.


They say, I'm not gonna, I don't have an hour to work out today, so I'm just not gonna work out. I don't have two hours to write, so I'm just not gonna write. I don't have an hour to call my mom, so I'm not gonna call. The reality is that a five minute call is better than nothing. A 10 minute walk is better than nothing. Five minutes of writing is better than nothing in all areas of your life. Yeah. So make the call, do the walk a walk, you know, could lead to a run. You never know. So good stuff. Very good stuff. Very fun. And so they can also hear you on your podcast. No podcast right now, but maybe one to come soon. Okay. Very cool. A robust newsletter. Yes. Newsletter. Several times a week. And you can get the book anywhere. Books are sold. And I wanna point out to How do we get the newsletter?


Newsletter Is@sawhillbloom.com. You find Everything. S-A-H-I-L bloom.com. Yeah. Very, very good. That's Where that book came from, by the way. I wanna brag on him. I I had been following you for years because of that newsletter. And, and even on X you would put out these little nuggets and he lives what he believes on that, that's how this book came about. You tested this content for a long time and now you're seeing the results of it. So I wrote a book with an absolutely horrible title that didn't do, didn't do very well. It's called More Than Enough. So answer that question, what does it mean to have enough? I love the whole idea of enough because fundamentally enough is where you build your best life.


Ooh. The chase for more is a plague more is the most dangerous Word. The minimalist would love you. Yes, they would, They Would Love it. The five types of Wealth Sawhill Bloom. Thanks for stopping by my friend. Thank you for having me. So proud of your success. Very well done. This is The Ramsey Show. All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union.


So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Hey you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They'll also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen y'all, there's no better way to take care of healthcare costs. CH HM programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


RAMSEY show question of the day is brought to you by why refi are your defaulted private student loans keeping you up at night? Why refi can help you lower your payments and your interest rate. Visit Why refi.com/ RAMSEY and start resting easier? That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Craig in Delaware, in previous years you've advised using a tax professional, but lately you've been promoting a software that listeners can use to do their own taxes. We've had professionals do our taxes for years, so I don't disagree with that advice. But what is the reasoning behind changing your stance on tax preparation Data? We did a better job than flying by the seat of our pants analyzing who was coming to the website. So if, if someone came to the website and Ramsey Solutions dot com and clicked on ELP endorsed local provider for tax preparation, when they went to a tax professional and they had a extremely simple return and the tax professional would charge two or $300 to prepare a return that takes 15 minutes, the people would say, no, I'm not going to do that.


And So we were seeing like 60% of the leads that went through to the tax professionals were not qualified leads. Meaning the people were, they, they were not in the market to spend that kind of money to do a simple tax return and they would opt out and go do something like TurboTax and, and So we weren't serving the listener well and it was aggravating our tax professionals 'cause they were getting about over half of their people calling them were not turning into customers 'cause they were not qualified leads. Yeah. And so the data told us that about half of our audience would prefer to do a quick easy digital tax return.


About half of our audience has a complicated return. They own a business, they've moved, they've gone through some kind of life change or they have investments or whatever and they need a tax professional. And a couple hundred bucks is no big deal to them to have a more complicated return done. And they continue to use the tax professionals. But basically about 50% of the people that in our audience were just saying, bye-bye. You're not helpful to me and to our tax


professionals. And So we said, oh, we need to be helpful. Let's figure out something. 'cause TA 'cause TurboTax is, is not really free most of the time. Most of the time you go in there, they give you some kind of an upcharge and they promote the snot out of financing, they'll loan you the money against your refund, they'll send you a credit card, they get you all, they, they, they forget they're there to do taxes and try to sell you a bunch of debt. And I thought, well if I can, if I can punch that in the nose, I'd like to do that. So simultaneously with serving our customers, we created a product with the Tax Slayer people and white labeled it. And the Ramsey Smart Tax is now there to serve the half of the customers we were dumping in the street. And we don't feed 'em a bunch of crap about credit cards while they're doing it. Oh, and it's actually what it says it is. Whatever we charge a couple of dollars is not much. It's that's the number. It's not, we don't upcharge you and get you six ways from Sunday on this. So that's why we did it. Yeah. And be paying attention folks. It's, it's two weeks away. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax by the way, that's where you go. Fabulous product. If you have a simple return, If it's simple, if it's simple, if You don't go to the LPs page and get you a professional just like Craig is asking. But Craig, that's a good, a great question because really that was what, four years ago or something? We started working on that, but the team came in and said, Dave, we're losing. We're not serving half of the people that are asking for help. We need to find something to serve them. And prior to that I was just like, everybody needs a tax professional. But I've always had some kind of weird return my whole life. 'cause I've been self-employed or straight commission or some kind of a thing going on in my, I've had real estate, all this other stuff. So I've always needed a, so I couldn't imagine just, you know, with a piece of software being done, it doesn't occur to me, but it turns out half of our audience has a very simple return. If you don't have a simple return, don't use Ramsey Smart Tax, get a professional. But if you have a simple return, don't pay somebody 300 bucks to do something you can do in a few minutes with a to simple piece of software for like 30 bucks or something. That's a much better deal for you. And it's a lot faster and it's very accurate. It's, that was the other thing I was worried about it being accurate and it's extremely accurate. So, good question sir


Jack is in St. Louis, Missouri. Hey Jack. What's up? Hi. How are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Well, I am facing a decision of wanting to move to a bigger, more exciting yet more expensive city and I'm trying to rationalize it to myself. What's the reason beyond it being exciting or why is it exciting? Well, so I've lived in, I've been renting in St. Louis for about 10 years. I've, I've stayed here for, for school and then I just happened to get a job here, job here, but never really felt like thrilled or passionate about life.


St. Louis is not a small city. Well I I know it's not a small town. You know, I I I guess my big city, I mean like big metropolitan, you know, metropolis is like New York City or Chicago. Where Do you, where do you wanna move? Where do you wanna move? I've been looking at Chicago and New York City. Okay. What do you do for a living? I'm a software engineer. I work remotely making one 10 K. Okay. So are you gonna keep your current job and move to those cities or are you gonna try to upgrade? Well, I guess that would be a good question. Like, because for example, New York City, like that would be very difficult.


Yeah. One 10 k. Yeah, You're gonna live in a cardboard box and you'll probably have a rat companion at that. No, I'm kidding. It's not that bad. But you're gonna have to really think about that cost of living. Yeah. Your real estate's gonna double. Other cost of living is gonna be higher, but not double. But, and there's another fear I have, if I can tell you I'm 33, I'm not married, no kids, I'm squared away. I'm, I'm big step two three and I'm saving 15% for retirement in four. But I don't own any real estate and I never have. And so I'm like worried that I, if I'm delaying home ownership to move and making life more expensive.


If that's something I Yeah, You would be, what, what, what is it you're wanting to get out of the move? What's the move give you? I I guess just invigorated passion and just lighting up my world a little bit. I'm gonna tell you something. I seriously doubt that moving to Chicago or New York in its in and of itself, in other words, the proximity to those cities, I don't know that that's gonna give you this passion that you're looking for. I mean, if You don't change other parts of your life, in other words, you're getting excited about Work. Okay? So you're single, you're debt free, you make 110, you're 33 years old. You, you could just move there and live there a month and see what happened.


Leave your, leave your apartment, leave everything in your apartment, just pack a suitcase and go do an Airbnb for a month. You can afford it. Yeah, that's, that's true. And see, see if it does what you think it's gonna do or see if Ken's right. Okay. I'm hearing so much uncertainty on you and that's not a, that's not a negative. I'm not, I'm not criticizing you, but I I'm hearing so much uncertainty. There's no clear why on this. And so I would hold, I like Dave's idea of kicking the tires and see what it is you're actually searching for. But I'm gonna challenge you that I think what you're searching for is more fulfillment in multiple areas of your life, not about where you live.


Yeah, that's true. I am looking for fulfillment and you know, I, I've, can I tell you something else? I spent my twenties in grad school living poverty line and I spent my early thirties with dealing with like chronic illness and I've like just gotten better and I'm ready to just live. Yeah, you're look ready to like backpack Europe or something. Yeah. I mean, you need, you need, you need, you're, you're ready for an adventure. I, Dave nailed it. That's what's going on. You're looking for an adventure, an adventure's different than moving. Yeah. Okay. So go have some, hey, finance, pile up some cash and go do your remote job from a backpack and go to New York for three weeks and go to Chicago for three weeks and go to San Francisco for three weeks and have an adventure and then come back home and sit and pray about it for two weeks and see what, what you think.


But that's different than loading up the truck and heading to Beverly. That's different than moving, right? So that's probably what I'm gonna do if I'm in your shoes. I get it. I get it. There's a pent up lust for adventure That's fair and accurate here.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host. Phone number is eight eight eight two five five two two five. Clara is in Tallahassee, Florida. Hi Clara, how are you? I'm good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? This is a career financial question, so I'll set the question and then I'll give you a little bit of background. I've been, am I crazy to turn down a job? So I've been unemployed for five months.


I'm an older worker and financially I'm doing fine. So I could, I'm not in a rush, but I do need a job. So I've been applying and interviewing for different jobs. This is the first job that I've been offered and great people. It is a ministry organization, so good stuff. Yet as I'm going through the process, there are just questions that I have. Not ethical questions, but just process questions and I want to turn it down, but I feel, should I turn it down because it's the only job I've been offered in five months. The mo it would require a move across the country, which is big and expensive and I've done that before and it's not easy.


So I guess going back to the beginning of this it career, financial questions, great place, great people. What is the process concern? I don't understand It, it just, everything seems like an emergency to them. So lots of last minute changes and I, I I've worked in a, in an industry where emergency industry, so there's always gonna be changes and that's not what I'm implying, but it just seems like everything is last minute. Yeah. And I'm not so sure I wanna be in that type of environment.


When you say you're fine financially yet you need to work, can you be very specific with us on that From a number standpoint? Sure. Because it, it, it's gonna affect my answer here. Awesome. Okay. I have savings that will keep me for about two years. I get a a, a small pension from a previous job so I can, I can afford to not work for, for a while, but I I want to work. Sure. I'm not ready to retire. So that's my What do you do? My marketing. Okay. So are you going to be in a leadership role with this next place? No, it would be a step or two down.


So, So you can't help them from that position necessarily clean up their, that's lack their lack of planning, which is creating emergencies. I think you're saying Y there you go. Unnecessary emergencies. This has got red flags all over it for me, Clara. And the reason I wanted to know the money situation is 'cause that determines our response here. You would not take this job if you were currently employed, you wouldn't even consider it. Right. And so for that reason, I'm out. I would not do this. I would not move across country for a job that you're already concerned about. Frustrations, mounting. And I think you've got enough wisdom here. I can read between the lines and what you're saying, be patient.


But I think that it's okay for you to stay where you are and let's get, let's get a bridge job. Let's just find something, even if it's a part-time marketing role or A remote role. Yeah. Remote. Be get active, get back in the game. Freelancing. Yeah. I I think there's a lot of freelance opportunities for someone like you. I would keep your chin up. I'm gonna give you a copy of my book called The Proximity Principle. I think it's what you need right now. I think you need to spend a lot of time getting around the right people and in the right places and you know who those people are. How, but I think that's what I do. How old are you? 60. Okay. Then you already knew the answer to the question.


I think I just needed your confirmation. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. And I respect you guys. Yeah. Your, Your, your wisdom, your, the, the spirit of God inside of you is saying don't do this and you need to listen to it. Yeah. Thank you. That that's what's happening. Yep. And because you're seeing things there that aren't, that you're seeing the symptoms flare up of some deep rooted problems that are gonna drive bananas and you're not a fit. Yeah, yeah. You're right. I I just, you know, being outta work, you start not panicking, but you know what I mean, you start getting concerned. Yeah. So If you don't know how to put yourself out there as a freelancer in the digital world, get a 14-year-old to show you.


But Yeah, it's so true. It's so true. But you can make a lot of money as a marketer right now just sitting remote, working a few hours a week from your computer and, and, and that'll even give you more staying power till you land the exact right thing for you to enter into a quality place at the right thing. So yeah, this is, this is an when in doubt. Don't thing right here. When the bell rings, my dad used to say, if that bell is ringing inside your head, listen to the bell. Listen to the bell. And my old pastor friend of mine, pastor Don fto Oh, Legend. He's legend. He just, he used to tell us he's like 90 something years old now.


He used to tell us Don't tell, don't say I'm listening to my gut. Don't call the holy Spirit a gut. Right? Yeah. Don't insult him. Yeah. So, yeah, it's really good. Yeah, But it's, you're, listen to the bell, listen to your intuition, whatever you want. Call it in this case and you already know. Good question. I love it. Caleb is in St. Louis. Hey Caleb. What's up? Hey, it's honor to speak to you. You too, sir. How can we help? Hey, I was wondering about selling my classic car to fund my daughter's college fund. What is it? It's a 65 Mustang. Ooh, what's your asking price? $10,000. Oh, I might Bolt. How Did you get it?


You sell it to me Dave. I love a 65 Mistake's on his way to St. Louis right now. I'm not kidding. A mere $10,000. That's a classic. So How'd you get the car? Okay, so the main issue is it was given to me by my grandpa when I was 15. I'm now 28. What do you make a year? My household income is about 45,000. Honestly, if I were in your shoes, I'd take six extra jobs and fund my kids' college fund and keep my car. I agree. Hmm. It's not an either or. It's not the only way you fund your kids' college to sell the car. Life's not that simple, sir. Okay. Go, go find some money And 10 grand.


Is That the My grandpa gives me a 65 Mustang. Yeah. You know, I, that's like, that's like asking your wife to sell her wedding ring. Okay. No, we don't do that. Okay. We go find some money by working and doing some other things, working on our career, taking side gigs. What's your wife do for a living? She works at my daughter's Christian school that she goes to and that pretty much pays for her private schooling. We're currently in baby step seven, excluding college fund. The house is paid for Follow? Yes, sir. And you're how old? 28 years old. You haven't paid for a house? No. You definitely don't sell this car. Yes Sir. Yeah, not at all. How is the 10 K Even If Ken wants it, don't sell it.


Well, Yeah, I gotta tell you, I was gonna be your huckleberry there. I was gonna jump in and help out, but I'd have to run it by Stacy first. But in all honesty, why is the 10 K, the, the number is that all you've got left in the 5 29 that you need to fund or It's a baby. That's what I'm saying. You're Not, you don't, you're not 10 grand off. It's an odd number. Go, go get you some money. Okay. Keep the car man. This is from two, two guys who, who have classic cars. That's Okay. But I, I would tell, I would tell you to sell it, but this is a priceless Yeah. A thing you can't get back. I have a 1960 Corvette. Oh, it's cherry that I bought from a guy that's different than your grandpa gave it to you. I agree.


If I get in trouble, the Corvette's gone. Okay. But that's different than grandpa gave it to you. Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? You can take control of your money and your relationships and it starts with just one night. Join me and Dr. John Delony LIVE in a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. We're covering the real life stuff that matters so you can break the cycles that have left you stuck. It's coming up fast. So get your tickets for Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour today.


Well guys, our research team has been working very, very hard and we have a new product we wanna introduce you to. What if I told you that car payments, student loans and maxed out credit cards shouldn't be the reason you missed out on a rizz out weekend with your closest photogenic friends, dead Zen Bank. Or maybe you're on the other side of that age equation and you made some questionable business decisions back in the nineties. So now you're forced to rent out the entire first floor of your home to pay back that second mortgage. Oh, looks like 20 somethings got your book solid for the next four months. It's debt pic. Whatever stage of debt you're in, every dollar's debt pic promises to help you lose debt, fast debt pic rewires your financial metabolism, making smart money choices almost effortless from the moment debt pic enters your system.


Impulse spending disappears, your money stretches further, and your budget totally sticks because you can't overspend. We dare you to try. It won't work. It's pic 20 somethings everywhere. Agree, this thing works. No cap Pic. You don't have to stay trapped upstairs waiting on the police to arrive after you filed a noise complaint on your renters just to keep the deposit. Now there's dead zin because getting into debt is a lot more fun than getting out. This commercial was created entirely from stock footage and actors have no idea how they're being portrayed. Dead. Zan is not a real product as there is no quick fix or a one shot solution to paying off debt. It's debt pic.


Let's face it, financial fitness sucks. No one wants to exercise self restraint when there's DoorDash. But what if you could shed those stubborn high interest payments without all the hard work? Well, now there's debt pic. Every dollar's debt pic is a debt reduction treatment that has nothing to do with similarly sounding medications. But we'll admit we are sending a bit of a mixed message here. See if debt pic is right for you from EveryDollar. This commercial was created entirely from stock footage and actors have no idea how they're being portrayed. Debt pic is not a real product as there is no fix fix for a one shot solution to p off debt. Wow. We got the booster shot here. Yeah, if you, if you don't believe in the vaccines, you got a problem. But you can get vaccinated with de pic.


We got the vials right here. Ken, you ready? I, you know, line up for this. It's, it's the only shot that I will willingly take. I'll say that. And the booster. It's pretty great. What are the side effects being called? Weird sleeping peacefully Falling for an April Fool's joke. Could you imagine Ramsey Solutions is in Big Pharma. Maybe we figured it out. They actually made these vials up for an April Fool's joke. You guys don't have a job in there. I mean, don't you have work you need to be doing? They got printed up, took it. I mean, somebody in creative actually made debt pic vials. Oh, this one says debt and mortgage on it.


This one says baby steps millionaire. Oh, that's the booster. So the Boosters get you baby Steps the primary and then you gotta get the booster shots. Yeah. That's how that works. You know. Well, and there's no guarantee you won't get it, but you just we're told you might not get it. You know how vaccines work, right? So like, you probably will get it, but you won't. But you what we Promise you, you want, you think would like these. You think he, you think Fauci would like these? I don't, I don't, I don't think that needs to even be part of this conversation. It's an April Fools joke now. Now you've left the part of Funny and Gone to Serious. Oh, sorry. I, I did do the trigger word, trigger word. That's great. Very good job. Creative team with too much time on their hands. No, really good.


That's fun. Debt pic Brought to you by EveryDollar. I wonder how quick I'm gonna get sued for running that. Okay. We'll see. Just, oh, well, hey, you know, some people don't have a sense of humor, that's all I'm saying. And they work for drug companies, so. All Right, here we go. That was funny guys. Really well done. Eleanor is in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hey Eleanor. What's up? Hi Dave. Hi Ken. Big fan of the show and of both of you. Thanks for having me on. Thank you. How can we help? So my question is if it would be morally wrong to offer to open five 20 nines for my friend's children, but with the stipulation that I get to maintain ownership of the account.


And I can give a little bit of background on why I'm asking that question. But, so I was listening to the show last month, and George and Rachel had somebody on who had a baby and his brother opened a 5 29 for the baby and wanted to maintain ownership of the account. And they felt like that was a strings attached situation. And so this is really relevant for me because I've been wanting to do this for a friend of mine with that same stipulation. But now I'm wondering, is it morally wrong to make such an offer? Yeah. Let's, let's clarify. There's no such thing as you can maintain ownership. When you open a 5 29. It is in the child's name permanently. Right. You are the custodian, The ability to withdraw from It. You, you are the custodian.


Right. Until they're 21. And when they're 21, or I'm sorry, and on a 5 29 when they're 18, it's their money. You have no control after they're 18, you are not the owner of the account. Can't the owner draw on it with penalties or something like that though? That's my concern. You are the custodian. You are in control of the account, but you no longer own it until they're 18. When they're 18, you disappear. And they have 100% agency, 100% control. Okay. That's how it'll work. And so if you wanna maintain the control of the account and that you also would be the one that could make the decision to move the investments around inside the 5 29 if you wanted to, all of that.


You're the custodian. You are acting on behalf of the minor. Okay. But it's not your money anymore. You can't take it back. Right, right. Okay. So then there's nothing wrong with me offering to Be the, I'm gonna, I'm offering to open a 5 29. If you can't fund it this year, I will fund it, but I'm gonna leave myself as the custodian. And when the money's, when they turn 18, the money will be theirs. Okay. And I can't take it back legally, but I do manage it until they turn 18. That's how it works. And just tell your friend that and ask 'em if they're okay with that. That is not morally wrong. Okay, great. Nor is that controlling if your friends are not handling money.


Well, Yeah, that's my concern. Or life. Well, or whatever, you know, I mean, like if, if you got a, let's say you got a a, a niece or a nephew or a friend that the, one of the, one of 'em has got a problem with substance abuse. Right. Then this would be a perfectly natural way to do it. And I would wanna maintain control. I'm not gonna leave someone that's doing cocaine in charge of a kid's money. Right. Exactly. And so the, the, you know, or, or if they're just grossly irresponsible and lazy or whatever. Right. Anywhere in there. But, you know, if you wanna do that now in a different case would be when each of our grandchildren are born, we have responsible children that are their parents that are very good with money.


The RAMSEY kids, the next generation, Rachel, each of the grandchildren, the parents, me and Mimi fund the first year. That's like a tradition. We wanna fund the first year of their 5 29. And, but they're the custodians there because there's no issue of addiction or responsibility or whatever. Right? Right. So I do turn it over in those cases, but it's not controlling at all if, if it needs to be controlled for the good of the child. 'cause what we're talk dealing with here is we're wanting to benefit the child. No one else. We're not really worried about anybody else. In this scenario, you are not gonna benefit 'cause you've given the money away. They, the parents aren't gonna benefit 'cause they have no access to it.


But you're the custodian and that. Yes. That's the only way I would do it in that case. Good question. Kay's in Lexington. Hey Kay. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Hi Ken. Thanks so much for taking my call. Sure. What's up? My husband and I are, we have a very comfortable life thanks to the programs that you have. But we have one debt that I think I, I wanna pay down and my husband says that we probably need to keep it just for tax purposes, for the deduction. Oh, okay. How much do you pay an interest last year? Oh gosh. 32,000. Okay. And are you filing a standard deduction or are you filing an itemized return?


Well, we are a farm. Are you doing an itemized return? Yes. Yes. Okay. Then that $30,000 is deductible. What's your household income? 190. Okay. And so you are giving the government, are you giving the bank $30,000 that creates a write off, which saves you 39% of $30,000. So $12,000. So you're sending the bank 30,000 to keep from sending the government 12. Okay. Your husband's wrong. Okay. Pay the land off. You see what I'm doing?


Yes, I do. And, And you're concerned. You do not. You do not keep something for a tax write off. 'cause you're trading dollars for quarters. It's a bad trade.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right. You've heard me say it a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being. Well, and listen, therapy can help. I see a therapist. And let's be honest, a lot of you should too. But let's be real. Taking that first step to see a therapist can feel overwhelming. Maybe it's the time. Maybe you have some preconceived notions about therapy. Maybe it's the cost. But we spend money on gym memberships, organic groceries, essential oils, little league practices, tracker watches. But for some reason, when it comes to our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate. Listen. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. And the good news, BetterHelp makes therapy more affordable and convenient than ever since it's online. You can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. No waiting rooms, no long commutes, and no six month waiting lists. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time for no extra cost. Listen, your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash deone to get started. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/deone.


Alright, this one's for my classroom superheroes. AKA. The teachers out there, you know what's better than an unexpected classroom observation, an unexpected getaway. This financial literacy month, you could win a dream vacation with the RAMSEY teacher appreciation giveaway because honestly, you deserve that Colorado cabin, that Tuscan winery or that tropical resort where everything's included. Except the motivation to leave your lounge chair. There's no purchase needed to win. Plus, you'll get bonus entries if you refer other teachers. So don't wait. Enter before April 30th at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher.


Ken Coleman. RAMSEY Personality is my cohost today. Guys, if you wanna help us out, we would appreciate you subscribing, following, leaving a nice five star review on the show. Share the show with a friend, click the share button, click, click, cut the link out, send it to 'em by email. I don't care. Let 'em know The Ramsey Show out here. We appreciate you doing that. If you're a business owner or you know someone who is, you know, running a business is hard. Once you become self-employed, you know what happens. You find out you're working for a jerk. You know, when you're self-employed, your boss will drive you into the dirt. Man. I mean, they will work you like a rented mule.


I'm just saying they will whoop you. I mean, it's bad, y'all and the self-employed thing, it's tough. It's hard. But, but I tell you what, it's worth it when you get it working and when you get it moving. We've been coaching small businesses, 10,000 of them for about 10 or 15 years now through entree leadership. And we put together the Entree Leadership System, the five stages of business. This new book Build a Business You Love that comes out in two weeks from today is is it shows you the baby steps of small business. How to walk your way through the, the six drivers of business in the five stages of business to get your business to level up and begin to get some sense of control.


It is the clear path to winning. You can pre-order right now for 29.9. We'll give you over three $50 in free bonus items, including instant access to EntreLeadership Hiring Playbook, the ebook, the enhanced audiobook. You can get the book at entre at mean at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. David is in Houston. Hi David. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you. I am in $80,000 of debt after I graduate. And I heard you're the guy to get me with a game plan to get me out of debt. Wow. What's your degree in? It's in engineering.


That's good news. So you're an engineer? Yes. Well What, what, what type of engineering are you gonna go into? I'm gonna be working in oil and gas. Okay, good. And you've graduated. I'm going to be graduating this semester. Good. Okay. Have you lined up the new job? I have. Very anxious about it. What are you gonna make? One 20 with a 10 K signing bonus. Awesome. What'd you make last year while you were in school? Only internship money. So not much. Okay, well done. So guess what we're gonna do next year?


Live like an intern. Okay. Live like a college student. Yeah. Yeah. That I think I just that I think I just freed up The majority of your one 20 to pay off your 80. That's Fair. Including your $10,000 signing bonus. You don't get to buy a car with, Okay. You have to clean up the, you have to clean up the poop before you can buy a car. Okay. Does that make sense? Is that logical to you? Yeah, It does make sense. Lemme give you some great news. Our company, Ramsey Solutions, has worked in this, in this space helping people with money for 35 years. About five years ago, our research department did an airtight research project studying.


Did the largest study of millionaires in North America ever done? One of the things we asked was, and we figured out was what are the top careers of the person who becomes a millionaire? By the way, 89% of America's millionaires, according to that study and it's accurate, are first generation rich. Meaning they started with nothing. They did not become a millionaire because of inherited money. They became a millionaire 'cause of hard work and getting out of debt and then saving and investing. You follow me? I do follow you loud and clear. Top five careers with the highest probability to become millionaire number one engineer.


I'll Take that. Number two, accountant. Number three, teacher. Number four, business executive and number five lawyer. Medical doctors didn't even make the top five and you were number one. But you know, here's why. One of the things your academic discipline has taught you is that there are systems and processes that must be followed. There's only one way to do it. You don't get to be like, creative arts is not part of engineering. You follow me? I do. There's, you know, there's a set of chemistry formulas, there's a set of stress formulas if you're building a bridge.


And if you don't build it that way, the freaking thing falls. There's one way to do it. There's one way to do accounting properly. There's no such thing as creative accounting unless you go to jail. Okay? So that kind of stuff. So all of these people in this top five are process people. You're a process person. It's what your discipline has trained your brain to do. So I'm gonna send you a graduation gift. It's called the Total Money Makeover. It's the book that we did. We're coming up on 12 million of them sold now. And that many people have gotten out of debt. That's why somebody told you to call me. Okay. Okay. Perfect. So this, that sounds Wonderful. Thank you. Yeah, you follow that system. Exactly like it was a chemistry formula.


Like it was an engineering formula. Math formula. You follow the process, be a process guy, follow it and get yourself out of debt super fast. And then you got the rest of your life to live with a fabulous income and building wealth and building the ability to be generous and help others. Okay? Okay. That makes sense. David, I'm gonna warn you, you agree with everything Dave said rightfully. But you're gonna go out and tell people that don't know what we teach or have no idea who we are or why we are the way we are. And they're gonna try to talk you out of this 'cause you got a good income. They're gonna tell you to live a little and enjoy it. I'm telling you, you've gotta have that engineer your brain fully engaged right now and treat this as a problem that you can solve and you know how to solve it.


On the other side of this, you are going to stack wealth really, really quickly and you're gonna have no stress in your life when it comes to finances. So please remember that when somebody tries to talk you out of it. 'cause they will. Number one mistake people make when they graduate college and get the big job. Yeah. They go buy a new car. Yeah. What are you driving right now? I drive an old Honda, but I already have it paid off. So it's How old? It's only like 2015, so it's not cool. Oh dude, that's gonna be perfect. Yeah. You know what that is? That's a millionaire car. Yep, It is. That's A car that makes millionaires. Miles a gallon. Dude. It's amazing. Only five miles of the gallon and they're super loud And your buddies start pulling up in the engineering parking lot in their new F-150.


Decked out. Yep, I know. Yeah. The Raptor. Yeah. It's a beast. I got one. It's a nice truck, but it's incredible. And I want you to get you a raptor later. They're, they're awesome. Okay? But, but right now you'd just be happy that your car fit in the back of it. Fair enough. And so take the 10 and then pay off. Oh, throw it at it. You got 70 left. You make one 20. Yep. And So we know that if you live on 50, not counting taxes, that boom, you're out of debt in one year. If you did it even faster, nobody here would be mad. 'cause the sooner you get out and you're free, the sooner you are, you get to live all the dreams that you had when you worked so hard to get this degree and You pay cash. That's fair for a Raptor, Dude.


You pay cash for the Raptor. So. Exactly. So that makes sense. I could probably pay off all my debts in like a couple years. Three at most. Then Uhuh. Honey, you weren't listening. I thought you said you had $80,000 in student loan debt. Yeah. You had other debt. What? No, no other debt. Okay. You're making one 20? Yes. Let's do some fourth grade math. Alright. One 20 plus a $10,000 signing bonus. If you make one 20, you throw 10,000 at the 80, it becomes 70. Yep. You live on 50. Pay 70 off in one year. Okay. Yeah, That's what I was saying. Okay. Now I get what you, what you're Saying.


Yeah, like super fast. Just How much? How much? Because it'll be one 20 or one 30 pre-tax. I know, I know. You're gonna lose some to taxes, which means you're not gonna live on 50. You're probably gonna live on 30 or 40. But you lived on a lot less than that this year. Live like an intern. I wasn't kidding dude. Okay. And clear it up in one year. How old are you? I'm 21. Okay. If you do this, you'll be a millionaire by the time you're 30. Okay. That sounds good. All Right, hang on. I'm gonna send you the book. I think you can do it. Oh, it's only another year. Ramen noodles. Dave. He can do it As long As you or whatever college kids eat on the Cheap boy. The peer pressure from his broke friends. That's what's gonna happen Driving a new Ford with a $1,200 payment.


Yeah, but I'm looking good. I'm broke, but I got no money. But I'm looking good at the stoplight for people. I don't


know. Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items. Only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personalities, my co-host Peter is with us in Vero Beach, Florida. Hi Peter, how are you? Good. Great, Dave. Glad to talk to you. You too. How Can I help? Actually, when, when I sent you an email, I was talking about this woman that had a 401k with a million and a half in it and she was living in New York City and that was on her bucket list. And you suggested that maybe she should move out back out of New York City and you know, go there and visit. But I'm thinking that if she was invested in the right stuff with her, one and a half million and I'm big on dividend stocks.


So my opinion is that she could invest all that money into dividend stocks and basically she could stay there making $20,000 a month with a million and a half dollars. No, there's not a dividend stock that pays that. I $20,000 a month is 240,000. You're talking about a 25% rate of return on a dividend stock. Not a chance. No, no, No, no, no, no. I You Don't get $20,000 a month on a million too. Right? Your math is screwed up.


You said $20,000 a month. That's $240,000 a year on 1,000,005. That's or a million. That's a, that's a unrealistic rate of return. I guess that's why she didn't call your show. I guess that's why she called ours. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ashley's in Atlanta. Hi Ashley, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you. How are you guys? Better than we deserve. What's up? I had a question. I currently am on step one of your, I'm reading your book and I wanted to know, I have two jobs together that total about 76,000 I would say a year. Good for for you.


And I have a 4 0 3, I have a 4 0 3 B, a 4 0 1 a and a Roth IRA all with my employers. My question is, should I stop contributing to them? Because I do have 169,000 in student loan debt. I have about 300 in credit card debt and then I owe my mom and my father together about $1,800. So I wanted to know if I need to take care of that first and then start back contributing after. Yes ma'am. That's what we teach. Okay. We've taught folks for several decades that baby step one is you should have a thousand dollars saved as a starter miniature emergency fund. Do you have any more money than that's saved? I have 1400 and then I have saved because I don't have a car.


So I put 1500 aside for a vehicle. When Are you buying? When are you buying the car? I haven't decided because I tried to be smarter than I was. I let them take my vehicle because it was a mess. So now I'm going into it, but I don't wanna go into it stupidly. So I'm trying to be smarter this time. That would be pay cash for a car? Yes. Not no debt. Okay. No debt. Yeah. More, more debt. That debt hadn't worked well for you. Girl Has not. Okay, So we're gonna go no debt. So you have 1500 saved towards a car. Do you have any other money saved Other than, and then the emergency fund of 1400. That's it.


Okay, so you, you have 1400 and and 1500 for a car. So you have, if we threw it all together, you could get a $3,000 car. Okay. Go do that. That's a good idea. 'cause you can make more money if you've got a car, right? Correct. Okay, let's get your wheel. Let's get some wheels under you then. Your first goal is to save a thousand dollars back in your emergency fund. Your second goal is list all your debts smallest to largest and pay them off in that order. Stop all investing while you're doing that temporarily. Okay. But I want you to zoom. Zoom now. I want you to kick your income up 'cause you got wheels. I want you to be on beans and rice. Rice and beans. And total focus on each of these steps as you're going through it.


So we're gonna knock out the credit card and your parents within just a few months. Agreed. Yes. I do have four children, so I do kind of budget them into my, that I don't Extra. That's food is in the budget. I'm talking about finding money out of the budget while you eat, keep lights on and the rent paid. And that's about all we do and work. And we throw money at these student loans and get rid of 'em as fast as we can. What's your degree in? So I have an undergrad in community health and a master's in Human Resources, which I should never have done, but I know that now. Why are you only making 76,000 in Atlanta, Georgia then you should be making more than that with those degrees.


I agree. Are you qualified to be in hr? Yeah, I'm currently in hr. Both of my employees are in hr. Okay, but you're, it sounds like you're doing entry level HR stuff. Yeah, I feel like that's what I am doing. Yeah, But you got a master's in it. Okay, so Ken, what are we gonna do to get this income up? Yeah, This becomes primary focus right now. That is, who do I know? Connections. Connections. Connections is is a big marketplace in Atlanta. So I'm looking to upgrade as quickly as I can or take on some fractional HR duties maybe for some smaller businesses.


And I'm thinking, what do I have to do to make an additional two to three grand a month? Set your sights higher. Ask your supervisor. What can I, yeah. How can I do here to add value To be worth more. Yeah. So that I can make more, not I need to get paid more. 'cause I have a degree's. That's not what we would ever, we would never say that, but, but going there and go, I've got this master's, I've got these tools in my belt. I wanna be able to do more for this organization because I wanna move up how to help me do that. Mentor me. Show me what to do. Show me how to add value. Yeah. And if the supervisor refuses, then you need to move. Yeah. But I can tell you how many times great opportunities come to people when you start telling everybody that listen and your friends, your family, your acquaintances, you have gotta put the word out that you've got talent, you've got experience and you're looking to work and that's how you increase your income quickly.


And you get a couple quick wins. You know, if you get some contract work even something like that. Here's what I don't want you to do. I don't want you to default to getting in your car and, and drive and rides here. I'm not against that at all. You don't need to do that. You have, you have too many tools to Develop you Too much talent for your time. Yeah. Go, go. Let's have a goal of moving up through the career with all this training that we have and doubling our income in next three years. Yep. I want you making 153 years from now and, but you're gonna have to concentrate on how can I add value? How can I make myself value? What have I gotta do to make myself more presentable as I interview for these positions within my company or outside my company?


And we'll send you a copy of Ken's book, the Proximity Principle, which is what he's talking to you about right now. And then we'll send you my book, the Total Money Makeover, which is what I was talking to you about with the baby steps and showing you how to walk up through, let's get wheels under you. Let's get, let's get the thousand dollars in the bank and then let's start paying off these debts as fast enough, as hard as we can. And as your income goes up and you get better and better control with your money, use the EveryDollar app. It's a free download. As you get more and more and more control on your budget, you're going to see your money work harder and harder and harder. And you're gonna plow through that 169,000 most mornings you wake up right now, you think you'll never get that paid off in your life.


And I see people in your situation pay it off in three years all the time. But it has to do also with maximizing your career potential. It does. And one of the things that people overlook is the most underutilized question in the world, Dave, when we're talking about professional advancement and getting more income, it's this, will you help me? This isn't a handout type question. It is a, I'm a mom, I got four babies, I'm trying to get outta debt. It's a compelling story. People respond to that kind of stuff to say, Hey, I'm looking for work over here. I'm an HR pro. I can do this, this, and this, and here's why I am doing it. I want to get outta debt. I wanna have an emergency fund set my babies free on this journey. People love to help people who are helpable and this is a great story.


So we can't forget, I know there's a lot of people listening and watching us right now. When you share a story that's tied to a vision of becoming debt free, of building an emergency fund, all the kind of things changing your family tree, people respond to that. You'd be surprised. But we forget that the narrative is what's attractive to people. 'cause they wanna help somebody who's helpable Yeah. And who are willing to help themselves Bust Your top, your chops. You're saying, Hey, I'm Gonna work. Gimme put me in coach a shot that's attractive. Gimme a shot. You know? Yeah. And, and, and I'll, you know, I'll work so hard. It'll make you, you know. That's right. Happy that you did this. By the way. Opportunities. And you know this, they show up for people like that. They Do.


They just randomly but not so randomly. Right. Shows up. This is The Ramsey Show.