
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman number one, bestselling author and host of The Ken. Coleman Show here at Ramsey is my co-host today, Open. phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Right. before we turn on the microphones, Ken and I, were just discussing a fabulous appearance. He just did on Mike. Rose. Dirty Jobs Micro of Dirty. Jobs has a podcast that's a long form interview podcast.


Mike and I have been friends a long, long time, and I've done it a couple times and Ken was just a, a guest on there and it just, I think it posted this week and I've listened, I, listened to it all the way through. It's an hour and 40 minutes of you two guys having way too much fun, but it's very informative. A, great discussion. If, you have, thank you. Checked out Mike's podcast. We. recommend that you do. Yeah. Especially this week with Ken being on there. It was incredible. Ken, great job. thank you. Brenda is in Tampa. Florida to start off this hour. Hi. Brenda. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hello. Thank you for having me. Sure. What's up? I, So my husband and I have been listening or found you on December last year and we started the EveryDollar app.


And. we have gotten off already of like $36,000 in debt, but we still have way more to go. And. we have around $255,000 in debt still. And, we were wondering, like, to accelerate it a little bit, if we should sell our house. It, it does, eh, it is 2.75 a PR on our house. But just to see where your opinion was. Okay. The 250,000 in debt, does that include your mortgage? It does not. Okay. What's it on? Student loans. It's student loan.


Solar panels. One car credit cards and a pool loan. Mm. Yeah. We did very bad mistakes, but we're ing from our bad habits. What do you owe on the car? The car, 35,000. Okay. And what's your household income? We bring home around 9,500 a month. Do you like your house? We do. We have two. Well, it has nice solar panels in a pool. We know that. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. Okay.


If I'm in your shoes, I'm not selling the house except as a worst case scenario, if you get completely stuck, you have a pretty good income. I would sell my car And. we did sell one of our cars. Yeah. The 35,001 would go too before I sold my house. Yeah. Yeah. That's what, a $1,200 a month car payment? Actually, no. 760. Oh, okay. You got a good rate on that too then. Okay, good. Yeah, but either way I'm, I I would be rid of that. That's 35,000 of the two 50 you've already made 36,000 progress. And of course, every time we get rid of a payment, it increases the, the speed of your progress. 'cause you have more money freed up to attack the rest of the debts working the debt snowball, right?


Yes. Yeah. Yes. It is upside down, like almost 15 grand. How many times you go out to eat Last month? Quite a few. We did. Went down less. A lot less. Yeah. Yeah. So that needs to be zero. You don't need to see the inside of a restaurant unless you're working there and you don't need to be on vacation. You call me about to sell your house because you're desperate about your debt and yet you're going out to eat every night. That's gotta stop girlfriend. Not every night. You gotta stop. You gotta stop. Well, going out to eat is entertainment. It is not nutrition. Yeah. Okay. You guys gotta, you need to get on a beans and rice, scorched earth budget where your family thinks you've joined a cult.


You need to go crazy before you talk about selling your house. 'cause you got a good situation with this house. And if you walk away from it because you won't curb in your other appetites, that would be a wrong set of choices. Yeah. The advice I would give here is I would get EveryDollar, which is our amazing budgeting app, and get control of your budget within the parameter that Dave just gave you. And here's the number you gotta come to. I wrote down, you said you're bringing home 9,500 per month. I would be looking to get the largest amount of money possible outta that 9,500 that you're putting towards debt per month. And I'm just making this up, but start to think in terms of could we put $3,000 a month towards debt? That's $36,000 a year.


That's just out of your current Income. It needs to be, it needs to be more. I knew. I know, but I'm saying you gotta build up to, what can I put in? And you've gotta put the max amount in and it doesn't feel then so large and insurmountable to where she's trying to go, let's get the house. Yeah. And get a lump sum and say no over the next two years or three years, we can knock this out, but we have to do this per month. So Brenda, another way of saying it is, the only thing on the list of things you gave me that was smart was the house. Everything else was dumb. And so we don't wanna lose the one smart thing for the dumb things without having pulled out all the stops to save the house as if your life depended on it.


Yeah. And so $4,000 a month, $5,000 a month, extra jobs, no vacations, no eating out, no nothing, nothing. Just eat, pay the lights, keep the water on, work all the time, and pay your bills and you'll get out of debt so fast. It it, it'll blow your mind how fast you can do this. but it, it's gonna still take three hard years of doing that and sell the stupid car and sell everything else. It's in sight. Anything is sell so much stuff. The kids think they're next, the dog on eBay and the cat on Craigslist. I mean move some stuff that, that's, you kind of gotta get in that mindset.


That's right. Where nothing matters. And once you've done that for two years, if you run outta steam and you go, I can't do this anymore. I hate this worse and I hate, I hate, I hate this house now. All this stuff I've had to do for it. But you know, you got pool, you got solar panels, both of which you're gonna bring squat when you get ready to resell this thing, you're gonna get burned again if you resell it. So if I'm you, hon I'm gonna, I'm gonna roll up my sleeves and go after this with a vengeance. Yeah. And that's what changes everything. Absolutely. It's, it's that mindset to go, I, I can actually do this, but I've got to have a plan. Yeah. And that's why again, the budget to understand how much money you've been spending. I love that.


Immediately you went right to a very practical, how many times did you eat out last month? It's that idea of getting control of how much money we actually have to throw at this problem. Then it doesn't become insurmountable. Yeah. This is doable. Very. But because the great news is you got a pretty decent shovel. You got a really big hole, but you got a pretty decent shovel there. Can you resell solar Panels? No. Like reselling a computer. That's what I Thought. As soon as you plug it in, it's obsolete. The technology's moving so fast on that. I've Always wondered that. Yeah. 5-year-old solar panels are what is known as dumpster food. You know, they just have no, 'cause the quality of the quality of the technology today versus five years ago.


Right. Same as an old computer. Right. It's the same thing. And so yeah, that's why they're just, that's why they're junk. Mm. Solar panels are great if you can get about a five year break even and if you pay cash for 'em, but not going into debt for 'em. Because you gotta make your money back in five years. 'cause at the end of the five years, they're gonna be worthless. They're gonna be in the way. And I mean, they'll still continue to produce something. But in terms of the value added to your house, nah, not at all. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust. Not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7


Ken. Coleman Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. thank you for joining us. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Amanda is in Knoxville. Hi Amanda Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Dave and Ken. thank you for taking my call. Sure. I need your advice. My husband and I are exhausted. We, so trying to figure out if maybe starting a business or working from home may be a better option for us. We have about $89,000 in debt and I work full-time and I have an hour drive to work every day. And my husband works full-time, but he works a night shift from 10 night till six in the morning.


And, we have two children. My oldest has started kindergarten, so we had help with drop off and pick up with my mother-in-Law. But she has had some health issues and she can't drive right now. So that's put on me doing the, the bedtime routine and the drop offs in the morning in my husband waking up early to pick her up from school. So we're just exhausted. don don't know if that would be a good option for us considering the amount of debt we have. What do you make? I make, I make 57, but I'm set to give raise starting October one.


Okay. I'm, What do you do? and I'm not sure about my husband. I'm an account stable. Okay. And what's your husband do? He works in a manufacturing plant. He drives a forklift. Okay. What would be the business that you two would start? I'm presuming you guys have kicked around some ideas if you ask us that. Well, I, it would be me. I have some experience in grant writing and I always thought, thought about doing that as a side hustle. But then I'm thinking, well maybe a business full-time business might be a better option so that I can take care of the kids.


And You know, it's only a better option. It's only a better option. I don't know what grant writers make. I presume that, you know, but it's only a better option if you're making the exact same amount of money or more with absolute opportunity to grow that. Other than that, you're just gonna have to press through. This is a tough season of life. You got debt to pay off. Well the other thing is you could just change jobs. Yeah. But Working or you don't have an hour commute. An hour commute in knoxville's. Unusual. Yeah. Knoxville's. Not that it's not that big. I Live, I live outside of Knoxville, more towards North Carolina, but Knoxville my closest city and that's, if I go straight to work, it's an hour drive.


I have to drop off one child at my mother's 30 minutes away and then to work and drop My mother and off at work. So, 'cause she can't drive right now. So I'm actually hour and a half my morning commute and then pick up my one daughter on the way home. so I, I was, was born in East Tennessee. What honey, what, what city are you in? Our address is Hartford. Where? Yeah. Okay. Up there where the rafting companies are Yeah. And Stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All Well the, the job that your husband has is replaceable in a day position, not an overnight because he doesn't make a ton of money. Your job is replaceable.


If, if you found something there that even if it paid less then and you got two hours a day back, you could do grant writing as a side hustle. Yeah. Okay. But driving in an hour is, is part of what the problem is. You're losing, you're burning two hours a day just to go make $57,000. And what you're telling me is, is that that's not worth it. And him being him working overnight just to make, what's he making 25 bucks Close to that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And there's no reason to do night shift to make 25 bucks. You can make 25 bucks at Target. So, and that, that get him back on a day clock and you on a day clock that helps cut your commute down.


That helps. But jumping out and just declaring, I am now in small business in a time, in a small town in the hills of East Tennessee suddenly and give up my, you're the major breadwinner in the place. Give up the biggest share of your income and hope it works out. No, I'm not gonna tell you to do that. But I am with you that something has to change. Another thing that could change, and this is really painful, but you could move because you're driving, you're basically driving into Knoxville is what you're telling me. Severe county. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. What would keep you from moving? I heard your response to that as in, eh, it's not an option.


Why is that not an option? Family land my I in. That's great. It's a little hard to chew that up and eat it. And I, right now you're having trouble eating and and you're calling me completely exhausted. Ready to just throw yourself off of a, a, a career cliff and hope you hit a pad on the bottom. No. And so I think you guys, I think you guys gotta put a whole bunch of anything's on the table until it's not him changing to a day job. You all moving halfway between so you get some things back. Are you changing jobs to something there in your town? But you know, like you said, what you, the life that you've built, you didn't build.


It has happened to you by default and it's tearing your butt up and you gotta change. Yeah. So you've, you've identified something that's gotta give. And so my suggestion is, is that you decide what's gonna give and that it's wise. Meaning that you just quit a 57,000 year job 'cause I'm worn out and go get and open up a job hoping you make and you end up making nothing. No. Open up a small business. No. That I would not recommend that to anyone. I would recommend you start your small business as a side hustle, but you don't have any time to do that right now in this current situation. Yeah. It, it, it's, it's fascinating to me and, and not picking on Amanda at all. 'cause I've seen this so many times, this idea that proximity to family or some type of family land or some benefit that I perceive as a benefit tied to my family as one of the key reasons why my life is otherwise miserable is, is so backwards.


Yeah. And you've gotta get to a point where you go, what must be true for my life to be better? And then you stop thinking, well, I have to figure it out in the terms of I gotta be in your family or I gotta live on this family land. Everything's on the table when you're this tired. I Agree. It's quality of life. Bill is in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hi Bill Welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hey Dave Thanks for taking my call. I really appreciate it. Sure. What's up? Got got a quick question. My wife and I bought a spec house last year that was about 40% finished when we purchased it. And so we had the opportunity to make changes and add things with sign change orders with the builder And.


we ended up adding about 250 k to the price as far as what we we paid. And then when we closed in December and the sale was recorded, it was recorded as the original sale price and didn't include any of the change orders we did. so I'm just wondering, is that accurate or can it include the change orders that we did? Why would you want them included? In most states, you record the deed based on the sale price and the that's gonna increase, it's gonna increase your closing costs. Well, I I guess the, the, the reason was just if when paid cash for the house, and so I was thinking at some point if we sell it, it would look better that we, that we purchase it for X amount as opposed to X amount minus 250 K.


No, no, doesn't affect sale price at all. What effect sale price when you get ready to sell it is the actual value of the house, which includes the 250 K worth of stuff. So when you get ready to list it five years from now, you're gonna say, this is so many square feet. And by the way, we added all of these things to it when we bought it five years ago. And so it's a, it's a top of the market appliances or top of the market flooring or whatever it is you, you put in that increase those things. And so make sure you're considering that when we decide what we're going to list it it for. And also you let the, the appraiser know at that time, but the what you paid for it or what you what the tax roll show has nothing to do with the actual value.


I mean, case in point would be if you bought it at foreclosure for 50% of value, you know, that doesn't, doesn't keep it from being valuable. It ha it's a hundred. It's still worth a hundred percent even though you bought it at 50% at a deal and in this case you, it just recorded. Now it doesn't affect anything at all. I wouldn't worry about it. Not a bit. This is The Ramsey, Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and riders and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xr.com for instant online quotes.


Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you are here. Ken Coleman, Ramsey personality number one, bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose and his new work. Discovering or finding the work you're wired to do, which comes with the the get clear assessment to help you figure out what your strengths are and where you need to head with your whole career and money making endeavors. It's a great thing. It's just hit a bunch of, bunch of bestseller things this week as a matter of fact. Very cool.


Hey, the average interest rate for a 15 year mortgage dropped from six to 5.6 this week. And the average this week, I'm sorry, fell to 5.15 the lowest we've seen since February of 23. So almost 20 some odd months now since we've seen an interest rate that low. So if you purchase a $423,000 house with a 20% down payment on a 15 year, the interest rate change is the difference now of about three $4,000 a year. Year is what it would save you. So yeah, if you're financially ready, if you're outta debt, you have your down payment ready and you have your emergency fund in place. We're huge on the real estate market and this is the time to do it. It's also a great time to sell because there's a shortage of inventory. So it's kind of a weird market in that way. But you need a good strong real estate agent in your corner that knows what the flip they're doing. High protein, high octane. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and you can find the real estate agent that's Ramsey trusted that we have vetted in your area.


So there we go. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Nicole is in Jacksonville. Hi Nicole. how are you? Good. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, so me and my husband are about to bring a baby into the world in January next year. And Congratulations. Credit Card. thank you. He's had this credit card with his mom that he's been having for like the past, basically a year and a half. But she basically has like joint ownership of his like account and stuff like that because he's in the military.


So like when he first got in, he was like, oh, well you're gonna oversee everything, just make sure like my bills are paid and stuff like that. But she opened up her credit card and she's rent like $14,000 since then. And every time I try to talk to him about it, like, hey, like what's going on with this? Like, you know, is she gonna take care of it now that we're bringing a baby into the world? I'm concerned. And like every time she'll ask him about it, like she completely like, gets angry or upset and cries because she has lupus and she has like a lot of medical bills too. So we're not really sure how to ask. How long Have you been married?


We've been married for a year and a half. Okay. And what does he make? so what does he make and what do you make? He makes like 55,000 a year. And me, I'm a student so I'm still in school and everything. so I work part-time. How old are you? Old are you two? I'm 22 and he's 23. Okay. Well here's The thing. Here's the thing. Stop. You don't have a mother-in-law problem. You have a husband problem. Okay? So hubby has got to decide now that he, there's a new woman in his life that's not his mother.


When you the, the old, in the old days, people would say things like, when you get married, you leave your parents and cleave to your spouse. Leave and cleave we called it. Okay? And there's a boundary drawn, there's a new household that's been established a year and a half ago now it has a baby entering it. Okay? And we're not gonna blame any of this on the baby. We're gonna blame all of this on your husband, the day you all got married, it was his job as a man to separate all of his accounts from his mother. This is very boyish, not manly behavior Yes.


That he's engaging in. And so if you, if I'm in your shoes, I'm gonna sit down very calmly and I don't care if his mom cries, I'm sorry. and I don't care. I'm sorry. She has lupus. But the reason she's crying is 'cause she's ashamed and because it works on her little boy. So we're gonna have to help your husband run down to Walmart and pick up a backbone. They're on aisle three. And then he's gonna walk in there very calmly and gently and say, mom, now that I'm married and I have my own family, we're not gonna have any more joint accounts. So everything is being closed today and you're gonna reopen your own accounts, mom, and you need to pay this $14,000 you ran up on this credit card.


Okay? And if she doesn't, you'll have to because it's got your husband's name on it. This is a mistake that he has made and it may cost him and you $14,000 because I got a feeling this woman's not gonna pay this don, don't you? Yeah, it's, Yeah. And you're not to be involved at all. You'll become the wicked. Yeah. You'll become the wicked daughter-in-law. It'll be all your fault because this woman is a travel agent for guilt trips. Okay? Yeah. Every time I like try to like talk to her about It. Nope, nope, nope, nope. No. Don't you ever say a word to her about this again.


Yeah. But your husband, he needs to throw his shoulders back and become a man today. Today this is weak and fearful behavior. He needs to become courageous, bold, gentle with his mom. There's no reason to be mean to her. He's the one entered into this arrangement. but it does need to be very thorough and complete immediately. It's absurd that a man that is married and has a baby on the way has joint accounts with his mommy. That's ridiculous. Okay.


You can play this back for him if you want. He needs to square. Yes. I'll, yeah. He needs to square his shoulders and walk in there. I I don't want him to be unkind to his mom, but it was his duty the week before you got married to separate everything. When my kids were getting married, we sat down two weeks before I transferred every single mutual fund that was theirs. Every single checking account or piece of savings that was theirs completely out of our name. And if they went and did something stupid with it, it the next day that's on them because they're now what's known as grownup adults. And so I'm, it's not my job anymore to manage them.


They, they are now free agents. They're grown people. And you don't, you don't even have to get married to do that. But that happened to be when we made sure that everything was final because I did not want to be interfering with my in-law. My, my daughters-in-Law Sons-in-law. Just like Nicole situation, this is happening more and more. Yeah. I, I, the, the emotional umbilical cord needs to be cut. And this is the reason why, is because the lupus, she's my mom. She did this, she's done that. And you cannot think rationally when you are thinking emotionally, you cannot have a rational thought at the same time that you have an emotional thought. And this tie together, he's never gonna act rational until the clear cut has happened.


and I really would recommend that he watch this so that he realizes you're not the bad person. And, and You don't be pissed at somebody be pissed at me. It's like a spiritual gift I have. I'm fine with that. Yeah. Cut the cord, Man. There's entire Reddit pages devoted to doing that so you can and comment sections of everything. So, by The way, this is only gonna get worse. I want the young man to hear every, Every day this goes on, it's gonna get worse every day. This goes on. And, and we're not even gonna blame this on the baby. Oh no, not the baby. This is something should have been done before there was a baby. Well, I'll tell you, it's the big baby. I'm blaming it on the big baby, not the baby in the womb. The baby who has yet to mature. No. And by the way, mom enabled this so there's enough blame to go around Around. No, she didn't able it. She manipulated it.


She wanted it. She likes this. He was a mama's boy to go to to military and say, mom, pay my bills. Yep. Yep. I'm not blaming that all on him. Yep. We gotta let these kids fly folks. Yeah. Kick 'em out of the nest. That's what the birds do. Yeah, that's, This is a national problem. To your point. We're seeing it. It's a real problem. It's a real problem. This is The Ramsey Show.


So what does the future hold for business? Nobody really knows. You ask nine experts, you're gonna get 10 answers. Are the robots gonna replace us all? Or will AI usher in a whole new world of work? But because there's no actual crystal ball, more than 38,000 businesses have future proof themselves. With NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. NetSuite brings accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions, real time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. And speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Ken Coleman RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Today's Ramsey Network app question comes from The Ramsey Network app. Obviously, if you don't know what that is, you can download that app for free. And you get this entire show every day on video and audio. So you can turn into a podcast or a video, watch whatever you want. The last segment of this show every day is available only on The Ramsey Network app. So be sure and do that. And you can do stuff like ask a question there, which is what happened here. Taryn sent us a question. Ken My husband and I just had a healthy baby girl in July. And our transitioning out of stork mode and back into Gazelle intensity in preparation for the hospital bills.


We were maxing out our HSA and have used nearly all of that money on covering those bills. I'm nervous to stop contributing to the HSA and having no funds for a medical emergency to at least cover our deductible. Can you please ease my worries and explain why HSA contributions should also stop? Because all savings stops when you're in gazelle intensity mode. That's why medical car repair, everything. We're walking out on the $1,000 tight wire and we're gonna get in attack mode and clean this stuff up. So, but you do need to finish up whatever you're doing through the HSA with the medical bills and I don't get any problem with that, with this particular set of medical bills.


But the HSA is an emergency fund only for a medical emergency. It doesn't cover other emergencies. And so it's like a, you know, a part-time emergency fund, a partial emergency fund. And. we don't fund that until we get to baby step three. And so I, no, I would not do that now. The, the exception, no, there's not an exception. I just would not do that. I'm trying to think through, no, Nope, nope. Simple, simple. Jacob is in Louisville, Kentucky. Hi Jacob Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Hi Ken. Ken. How are y'all doing? Better than we deserve. What's up? Hi. So my wife and I, we, we have a long-term goal to purchase some land outside of Louisville and to build a cabin on it and just make that our full-time home makes it close to church and keeps us away from honestly the city, which we so desperately want.


But we're trying to see how we can financially do that. We found some land we'd like, we have a price on it. We know how much the house would be to build on it, but I just don't know if we're in a financial spot to do it. What's, what's the total package land and cabin right now? Sure. Yeah. So land is 80,000. I think I can get them down to 70 but you know, we'll say 80 and then house is three 30. Okay, so let, let's call it 400. 400, okay. Do you own a home currently? Yes. And what is it worth? It's worth 2 25. Okay. Is it paid for? I have 150,000 left on the bridge.


Okay. So you get 70 from that if you sell it as a down payment on your cabin and land of 400. So you would take out a mortgage of three 30 in that case. Am I right? Yes. Okay. And what's your household income Collectively? Around 150. Okay. So can you take out a $330,000 15 year fixed rate mortgage at 5% today and it'd be about a fourth of your take home pay. I don't think you can, can you? Right. No, no. don don't think so. That's, we're thinking And tell me if I'm being dumb, which I probably am to purchase the land, pay it off, and then sell our home.


No, it doesn't change anything. No, you can just save up the money to buy land and then sell your home. It's the same exact thing. Are you out of debt other than the house? We have a car loan that's gonna go away here in the next week. Okay. It'll be done. Alright. So, and you need to build your emergency fund and then you need to be putting 15% away for retirement and start saving for land. But you're not ready to do this deal today. You can't afford it. Gotcha. We have 30 already saved up. Is that change anything on there or? Well, where's your emergency fund? We have, I have about 20,000 in mutual funds and 30,000 in savings. Okay. Alright. So how much of your 50,000 should be your emergency fund, Which that would cover what?


And all of that is that Three to six months of expenses. Okay. 20,000. Okay. Alright. And so you've got 30,000 then to put between the two things you'd cash out the mutual fund, you have 30,000 to put towards it. So now instead of 70 we're putting down a hundred. When your down payment is enough that your house payment becomes a fourth of your take home pay, we're fine with that. And then you go get a construction loan that buys the land and builds the cabin. You may need to rent for a little while while you're doing that and get your house sold and you may have to move twice to make this work. But you've gotta get that mortgage amount down to where your house payments no more than a fourth of your take home pay on a 15 year fixed.


And so your take home pay is what? Eight grand? Nine grand? Yes. Okay. If we call it 10, you can take a $2,500 house payment as an example. Right. Okay. Right. And I don't think that's gonna support a 35, a $330,000 mortgage. but it, you know, but as you save more money, you're gonna get in a position to do that. So it may be this particular piece of land gets away, but if you go by the land now and finance it, you're gonna slow down the speed at which you pull this off because you got more debt then to support while you're trying to do all this savings. So be careful that you don't do your dreams, Jacob, in such a way that they become a nightmare.


And so let's just slow down, you'll get there. Or let's change the house plan, build less house on this land, or let's change the construction process and not where it doesn't cost as much. don don't know. don don't know what you're talking about building on this acreage, but you know, I think you went shopping for a house or for a piece of land before you were ready and now you got land fever. Yeah, I remember getting land fever when we first moved here. It's dangerous to keep going and looking at land when you're not ready, man. Just wait till you're ready. There You go. It's hard. Acknowledge that. That's hard. Chris is in Tampa. Hi Chris Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call.


Sure. What's up? So I have two homes. One is a rental and one is my primary. The rental has become more than I want to deal with in my life. So much for passive, passive income. Right. and I decided to sell it and I guess my question is, I have a financial advisor I work with who's done really well for me throughout my life and he thinks that it will be in my best interest to take the proceeds from the rental and, you know, invest the money. The proceeds will probably be about 150,000 ish.


But I feel like I should take the money and put it in, pay down my primary mortgage. You are right. Your financial advisor's wrong. And why do you say that? Because as we studied millionaires, 10,000 of them in the largest study of millionaires ever done, we found that they had two primary things that made them wealthy steadily investing in their retirement plans like 4 0 1 ks in good mutual funds. Okay. And getting their home paid off. Right. The typical millionaire that we run into, say they had a million and a half million eight net worth, something like that, the first stage of millionaire status, they're sitting on a four or five, $600,000 paid for house and they got four or five, 600,000 bucks in their, in their 401k.


Very, very few of them became millionaires by investing with their financial advisor while keeping debt on their home. Because essentially from a balance sheet perspective, what you stumbled into with your direction, Chris, is that it's as if you've borrowed on your home to invest and you would never do that. Correct? Yeah. 'cause by not paying it down and instead investing it has the exact same, same mathematical effect as having borrowed on your home in order to invest. And that would be ludicrous from a risk management standpoint. 'cause now you're putting your home at risk to play FSE with something your advisor wants to do. No, Thank you.


Yeah. Okay, cool. I wanted to hear what you guys thought. I, I had a feeling you were gonna say that. Yeah. I'm fairly predictable. I've been saying the same thing over and over and over again for a long time. My pastor told me the day he goes, you say the same thing over and over and I said, so do you. Right. Well played. Yeah, that's a great point. For 30 years. Yeah. It's very predictable. but it turns out that the data actually backs up. This idea of being debt-free is one of the key elements of wealth. That's right. That's right. It's undisputable. There we go. It's called data. Yeah. It's a fact. Those whole fact thing facts get in the way of all this feelings. This is The, Ramsey. Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you.


Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


Ken Coleman Ramsey personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Elliot is gonna start this hour off in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Hey Elliot. What's up? Hey, how are you guys doing Better than we Deserve. How can we help? Well, thank you guys for what you do. My parents became millionaires. Just following your guys' plan. I'm calling because my brother-in-Law. He's a little younger than me, he's 24. He's a pretty successful guy. Crazy hard worker. But he's starting to get caught up in a peer to peer lending program that unfortunately another family friend is talking him into.


I know I can't, you know, just kind of be like, this is stupid and ended at that. Do you guys have any advice? How do I talk to him about this? Because he's trying to make sure it's legit, but he is also just keeps getting further into it. So, Well, I mean, the only way you can convince someone is, is to the extent of the quality of your relationship with him. So If, you have a deeper relationship with him than this family friend. Then you've got the ability to get between them. But If, you have a casual relationship with him that's about equal to the family friend. You're probably not gonna be successful at this in order to hold someone accountable.


Yeah. In order to hold someone accountable and smack 'em in the back of the head, you have to get your arm around their shoulder. Yeah, that's fair. It it starts with a I don. It starts with a hug. so I mean I those convinced against their will or of the same opinion still. I've had very little luck in my life answering questions that people didn't ask. He, he has asked Oh, oh good. Which is cool and I. So He, he called you and asked you about this? Yeah, he was talking with me about it and I was like, there's a lot of red flags going up man. And so he's just been sending me things about it and I've been Is he trying to sell you and joining it?


No, I think he's just trying to sell himself and trying to prove he can out discuss me on this. Well Now you've got him in a good spot. Well That, that's okay then. That's good. Yeah. so I, I think that, you know, your best shot for persuasion is in person, in private. You don't wanna embarrass him in front of your sister that he is married to, I think, or, or your Yeah. Or your wife is his sister don. Don't know. Whichever it is that his brother-in-law. But yeah, so no embarrassment. This is not gonna be over a dinner with the gals and you start Yeah, but basically what I would do is not call him stupid. What, what I found is that, that the stuff that I did when I, that was really stupid when I was 24, came from trying to find a shortcut.


I was trying to find a way to get rich quick. And it's very humorous to think about that loaning money to broke people, broke people loaning money to broke people is going to cause you to get wealthy. That's what peer-to-peer lending is. It's, it's even funnier than that because he is borrowing too end the peer-to-peer. But he's also like really successful for his age. Like I think he could easily retire in like 10, 20 years if he wanted to. Yeah. But he is not successful at this. He's success. He's successful because he's ambitious and a hard worker and, and he looked over here and went, oh, I'm, I, this may look on the outside like, it doesn't work, but I am smart enough, I can do this. That's what I did and that's how I lost my butt.


Yeah. Elliot, I I I jump in real quick to say, I think since he's opened the door to you and your first response was red flags. I think you gotta go back just as Dave said, one-on-one and say, Hey, I've done my research and lemme tell you what the data says that the risks are. and I would, in this case play to the natural real fear to the actual high risk situation. This is not a manipulation, this is, this stuff is really, really risky. Start talking about the psychological and the relationship stuff. Start talking about it's not an actual good investment strategy compared to and start showing like the Ramsey, you know, go to our website. It's basically loaning money to people no one else will loan money to. Yeah. You Gotta make the case.


Yeah, but make the Case kind of dumb. I mean, But it's gotta be data based, right? And say, man, this is risky, here's why. And the other thing I would do is I would appeal to him to say, okay, what, you know, let's study wealthy people. How many of them used shortcuts to get there? They really don't. They use their innate work ethic and go-getter mentality. In other words, I think Elliot, that your brother-in-law's secret sauce is him. Not that he hasn't found the right thing to accelerate it yet. He's the secret sauce. I want him to hear from you that you think he's amazing and that this is a total waste.


That it'd be a waste of his time. Yeah. He, he's gonna get, he, he's got the ability to go far and go fast if he stays away from things like this Yeah. Because of who he is. So you've got this admiration of him until he lost his mind on this one thing, right? Yeah, Yeah. Pretty much. I'm looking at him, I'm like, man, you've been doing so well up To this. I would say that over and over and over again. His secret sauce. I've, I've, yeah. His secret sauce is him. He's the secret sauce. It's not that he needs to find some, you know, the multi-level people all go, you need to find a, a vehicle. No you don't. You're the vehicle. You know, I need to find, I need to find a, a system.


No, you don't. You're the system. Live on lesson you make and save money. Work your butt off. That's the system. And that's the one that the wealthy people use. They don't go, oh, I found a Bitcoin there. We look at that. It made it easy. Ooh, I found an algorithm where I can do lotto tickets. No, you didn't. Okay. And so I mean this is what get Rich quick is based on That's right. Is based on desperation or greed. Yeah. Yeah. And it always, in either case requires a level of pride. And pride is what comes Right before you fall I did every one of these stupid, but things, every part of my story of losing everything in my twenties is because of those exact things.


Because I thought I could do nothing down, flip real estate and get away with it because I was so smart. And everyone that does that eventually goes completely freaking broke. Yeah. All the guys that did it when I did it are all either out of the business or they paid off their debt. One of the two. Yeah. They either went broke doing nothing down. Flip this house before there was Chip and Joanna. They weren't even born yet. Okay. And so this, but it's, this stuff has been around forever, but it's, it's all rooted in desperation or greed in your brother-in-law's case it's greed. That's right. Not, not filthy, greed. Like horrible, nasty person. Greed. Just like, I think I can do this because I'm smarter than the average cat.


The rules don't apply to me because I'm smart and I work hard and I'm ahead of the game. There's something about all of these things that are, I wanna make sure the audience catches what Dave said earlier. Every shortcut that exists always requires you to suspend common sense. And the reason it does is because it, you feel like it's that emotional. I figured out the hack and I'm gonna short circuit the system. Yeah. And so your emotion takes over. So the law of gravity doesn't apply to me. Exactly. That's emotion. Right? Slap your arms, boy. You about to hit the sidewalk. Law of gravity applies. Boom. Put your be a a little, little print right there on the sidewalk. I know, man. That's exactly what I did.


You know, I understand. I understood intellectually the dangers of leverage. Yeah. But I thought I could beat it. That's the classic example. Slap your dadgum arms and hit the sidewalk. That's it, man. The law of gravity does not apply to me. This is The, Ramsey Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit unions different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus. Lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget is like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Ken. Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host today. number one bestselling author. The best way to make the most of your money is by doing it on purpose. Most people don't win with their money because we can't get them to do it on purpose. If you'll simply make the money that you have behave and go towards your goals, you will start hitting your goals. But most people kinda wander along half asleep and then wake up at retirement going, oh man, oh man, hope the government, which is well known for its ability to handle money, will take care of me. Bad idea. You need a plan. A plan monthly is called a budget. The best budgeting app on the planet is called EveryDollar because you give EveryDollar an assignment, EveryDollar of your life is put to work. Download the EveryDollar budgeting app for free in the app store. Tens of millions of people not exaggerating are using this app now. Yeah, and you're not. What's up EveryDollar? It's free in the App store or Google Play. Check it out. And of course you can click the link in the description. If you're listening on YouTube or a podcast, we'll take you straight in there.


Josh is in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hi Josh, how are you? I'm anxious. Dave, how are you? Oh, okay. Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, my wife is a contract worker. She's doing HR recruiting and the contract that she's with is slowing down dramatically to the point where signs are on the walls that she may be losing her job in the next month or two. We are pushing hard to get outta debt, have a medical loan from earlier this year that we are hoping to be paid off by the end of this year.


But our concern is with the proposed incoming doom on the horizon, should we forego hitting debt hard to switch to? Oh no, we need to start saving for a few months. That has the, what I can't tell here is you gave a lot of metaphors and dramatic things, but no one has ever said anything to her about this other than she's observing things around her and feels like this is coming to a close. I think she needs to go in and get some actual input from the leadership team. So the leadership team has told them that with the way things are slowing down, they don't know how much longer their contract is gonna be valid for, For, but I would have another follow up question to that.


Okay. So how long is the current contract going to last? In other words, is this a reset or the, the, the whoever's paying that contract can close that contract out at any time? I just get really detailed on that. But real quick, Josh, I would immediately, if I was in your situation and it was my wife in your, in her situation, I would have her immediately looking for replacement work. I wouldn't necessarily pause on the debt elimination. I'd get real aggressive to have some options out there while having this conversation. Yeah. Lemme tell you this, if this is bad enough that you need to stop all progress in your financial plan and pile up cash because she's gonna lose her job, then she needs to go get another job.


Yeah. Right. Now is it that bad? It, it's, it's starting to see that they did a massive, Man, you are hedging all over this earlier This Year. You, you sound like a worrier. I can't tell if you're worrying or if this is really happening. Yeah, it's starting to. No, it's not. It either is this bad enough that she's ready to quit her job and go get another one? It's bad enough that we ended up going to urgent care due to stress related illnesses yesterday. Okay. Then happen to this situation. Yeah. Then don't stand around. Wait on this to happen to you. Be proactive. Yes. Stop everything. Start piling up cash and put her in a, an aggressive job hunt.


Yep. She needs a new job in two weeks. Okay. And then she needs to quit and take the new job. No. Discussing this, this is ca hard cold break. These people have said we're about to poop on you so dodge the poop. Okay. Fair Enough. I mean, get after it. They told you what's they told you? It's coming dodge. I'm telling you, when I hear about a storm coming, I start to make adjustments to the storm. We don't go, well, it could hit us, it may not. Like if it's dangerous. This is dangerous financially. Address it. Yeah.


Get out in front of it. Ken and I are the two guys standing in the front yard watching the tornado. Keep that in mind. Okay. That Is true. I that was the Right that, that's both of us. All right. Just, just keep in mind that's who you're talking to. I am ready, but I'm waiting until the last I can, I can still get outta the way. Right. Olay. Right. I never worry about Dave when the storm is coming. 'cause I know he's Watching. No, right where he is. He's no right where I'm gonna be. Right. I'm gonna be walking right straight into it. Jennifer is in New York. Hi, Jennifer Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Hi Ken. Love you guys. I'm hoping that you can help me with an issue. My husband and I would like to purchase a one acre lot of land, but it's currently owned by a dissolved LLC and there is an $87,000 tax lien on it owned by the town, which exceeds the value of the land, which is most likely between 30 to 50,000.


I have reached out to a couple lawyers and they have let me know this is beyond their scope. Yep. They've never seen like a weird situation like this. Yeah. and I thought, who better to help me than the two? Randy, You can't get clear title unless the tax lien's cleared. So unless the town, unless the town will accept value, the appraised value you're about to overpay for this piece of ground. No thank you. Right. So I do, is this in New York state? This is in New Jersey. In New Jersey, okay. Some states, I don't, I don't know about New Jersey sell tax liens to individuals.


They auction 'em off and you buy them not for the amount of the tax lien, but less than the amount of the tax lien. And then you can take that tax lien and foreclose on the property and have clear title. So if Jersey sells tax liens, Tennessee does not, if you were in Tennessee, you would've to go into the city municipality go in to talk to the, if it's a small town, the mayor, if it's otherwise, you talk to the tax assessor and say you have more owed on this property than it is worth when you foreclosure, you're not gonna get all of the tax stuff out of this. Can we negotiate at down to actual appraisal?


And then, then you gotta figure out why the current people that gave up and walked away would bother to sign. 'cause they're not gonna get anything out of this. Right. So I don't think you're getting this piece of land. Probably. It's probably a whole lot more trouble than it's worth. Sounds to me like, but it's worth poking around and learning about. I guess if you, if you're interested in it, Quick research says you can do it in the, the tax it does allow for it in New Jersey. don don't know what the process is, but you can do it. You can buy a tax lien. They do allow that. Yeah. Okay. Well talk to the city and find out what you can do to buy that tax lien. If you buy the tax, if you buy the tax lien, then you foreclose on the tax lien. The former owner would have to pay you $87,000.


You paid 60 for it. Okay. And they would've to pay you $87,000 to stop your foreclosure. Now the other thing you need to learn about then, Jennifer, if you wanna keep typing in there Ken, you can, does this have a right of redemption? Some of some tax liens have a two year right. Of redemption. So you could go through all this foreclose and they can come back anytime during that two years or one year or whatever the right of redemption is and redeem it. Okay. The owner of a property or legally interested party may redeem at any time as long as foreclosure has not begun. Okay. That's not a right of redemption then that just stops the foreclosure. Okay. But after foreclosure, some of them have an additional and you need to make sure of that.


so what I would talk to Jennifer is if you're gonna go buy the tax lien talk, before you do that, talk to a title company about what it's gonna take for you to get clean title and buy title insurance. Okay. Okay. But I, my guess is if you can buy the 87,000, what's the property worth? It's probably only worth 30 to 50. So we don Why are you interested in it? Yeah, Because so it is a lot that is directly next to our property. Oh, okay. It was from a builder who actually built our house on one acre and then he I think went bankrupt during the process. Yeah. Sold off a bunch of the land to the town. But they must have had an oversight and not realized that this piece of land didn't transfer to the town.


Yeah. So we're trying to purchase this. Perfect. Yeah. I would go in and try to buy the tax lien for less than the value of the property and then do the foreclosure or if the builder will just sign it over to you as a favor and waive any rights of redemption. You can have clear title tomorrow, but you don't wanna pay 87 for 30.


This is The Ramsey Show listen tickets for the live like no one else Cruiser selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation and I can't wait to celebrate. With all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host. We invite you to stop by and hang out in the Ramsey Solutions lobby anytime you want. We do this show from one to four central time every day and we can come in, sit down for free. We've got homemade chocolate chip cookies and coffee. It's all on us. Smells like Mama's Kitchen in here, not corporate America. And we've usually got 50 to a couple of hundred folks sitting around watching us do the show and they can hear the show and all that. Also in the lobby we have a a little stage that we call the debt-free stage on the debt-free stage is Quincy. Hi Quincy, how are you? Good. how are you Mr. Ramsey? how are you Mr. Coleman? Good. Better than we deserve.


Sir, where do you live? I live in St. Louis Missouri. Very Cool. Well welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you paid off Quincy? Paid Off $55,000. Good For you. How long did that take? 36 months. Good for you. And your range of income during that three years? 24,000 to 85,000. Good For you. What do you do for a living? I'm a business consultant. Good. Very good. All right. What kind of debt was the $55,000? It was a rental property and two cars. You paid off a rental property for $55,000. I did. Sounds Like a fine piece of property. So the, the rental property, I had $11,000 left on it.


And the two vehicles, I had a truck which was worth $15,000 at the time. More than the rental property. More than the rental property. And then I had my Cadillac, which I had just purchased at the beginning of that year before when I started my debt-free journey. That was around $29,000. Okay. To Take. So what's the story? What happened? How'd you run into Ramsey and what made you decide to clean all of this up in just 36 months? 'cause you leaned in, man. Congratulations. thank You. I appreciate it. So before I even knew of Financial Peace University or Ramsey Solutions, we were on the same page and I didn't even know it before in, in high school, I had a negative experience with debt with credit cards.


And so when I moved out of my mom's house, that's when all of that came to light. And paying off those two credit cards that I had no control over at the time, it really frustrated me. And so I started learning about finances and a PR and interest rates right outta high school, entering into college. And then I didn't like college. so I I had, thankfully I had got a scholarship, I gave that back and I decided to join the military to just gimme some stability until I decided to, to do what I wanted to do next. And so when I joined the military, they sent me to El Paso, Texas. And the home church that I found in El Paso offers FPU.


And so I, I learned more about Ramsey Solutions and learned more about financial literacy. Literacy when I started FPU. And from there, I mean my coordinator, Mr. Carlos and his wife Mr. Carlos is with us today. But they were spiritual mentors. They were financial accountability partners to me. And they led me through, they led me through the course and I learned so much more. So what branch of the military? Army And how old were you when you landed in El Paso? I was 2020. Wow. 20 Thanks for serving our country. Yes. Thank you and Thank you God, for setting a mentor like Mr.


Carlos. Right. On a 20-year-old young dude in the army completely changed the trajectory of your life, didn't they? Most definitely. Yeah. That church way to go church. What church is this? Hope City Community Church in El Paso, Texas. Way To go Hope City. You're living out your name baby. You just laid out and you laid out hope right here and did it. That's that's what's supposed to happen. That's exactly right. Wow. You love somebody enough to get all up in their life and help 'em change the whole trajectory of everything and 'cause you're looking at stuff that they're bringing you going, oh man. Oh man. Yeah. I, I can just see what, I can see it happening, wasn't it? Most definitely. Yes sir. Man, I love this. That's powerful. That's powerful, dude.


You got a debt to pay back to young guys later on. You gotta be Mr. Carlos the rest of your life, man. You you. This is awesome. I love It. I love it too. so what was, what was the most difficult adjustment after you? So you're watching FPU, you're engaged in the class and here you are, a young guy in the military, probably surrounded by a lot of other young guys with the first time they've ever had any money in their pocket. Most definitely. What was The, the big challenge for you to begin to adjust your lifestyle after you learned all this After? Well, it wasn't, it wasn't much of adapting to the principles because these are all godly principles and I grew up in, in the church.


So that part I understood and I was, I was very excited for. What I really needed to adjust with was making sure that I stayed focused. Speaking that there were young people around me and even older people around me. We were talking sergeants or you know, sergeant first class sergeant majors that are are stunting, so to speak. Like they, they have everything together and me sitting over here eating on beans and rice. Yep. And what, when I found out what moonlighting was, I became a, a travel CNA I got that certification while I was in the military and I got the document signed by my commander. And because of that I was able to work overnight shifts, which were, you know, that helped.


And that's what allowed me to be able to go full force with, you know, paying off my my vehicle, vehicle vehicle at the time and then come up. Yeah. It jumped my income up as well as, you know, when I started my business after I got out the military and so I So you're how old now? I'm 25. How's it feel to be free, man? Oh, it feels, it feels great. You Gotta feel so empowered. You gotta feel like you got muscle. Well it's not just that Mr. Ramsey, but it's more so I have a responsibility to pass it forward. Yeah, that's what I I yeah, I've already called that out. Yes, sir. Yeah, but I'm just saying y you, you're, you're incredible. I'm so proud of you. Well done. What a sharp young dude, man. Glory To God.


Yeah. Amen. Glory to God, Mr. Carlos in that church, man. That's good stuff right there. That's the way it's supposed to be. So you got a young private out there, left home for the first time. Doesn't know squat. He's listening to us right now. What do you tell him? Well, I would tell that private specifically to, to live below their means and to make sure that they understand who they are and if they don't know who they are, focus on who they are and whose they are. Because that ultimately will help them not have to feel that pressure and that burden of living like everyone else. Yeah, that's huge. It's not worth it. That's Huge. You nailed it right there.


One of the things we find among people that are able to build wealth, and you discovered it and and are walking in it and you just gave that same advice back, is that you have to lose the need to impress others. Yes sir. When you quit carrying what other people think, building wealth becomes very easy. 'cause you realize you need, you spend almost no time on Instagram. Very true. Because you don't care what anybody thinks. You're not posting. Look at me, look at me, look at me. Because you don't care what people think. Just I, I'm on beans and rice. I'm gonna get my overnight, I'm gonna get my CNA I'm gonna jack this to $84,000 a year. I'm gonna get done here in 36 months. Mic drop, man. You're incredible. Very cool. Very cool, man.


Neat, neat story. I love it. Quincy. Very, very well done. Alright. So that advice you would just teach 'em to Yeah, that's good advice. Very good advice. What am I missing? Nothing. I just think I, if you were going to share for people what it feels like now on the other side of this, you're about ready to do your debt-free scream in about 20 seconds. What does it feel like now as you're looking at your future? It feels bright is such an understatement. I was purposeful. I was purposeful before, but it's, it's even more empowering and it feels like that I'm, I'm creating a legacy and, and breaking generational curses like never Before is the American dream.


Live and well to you. It is live and well. Well, Thanks again for your service. Proud of you. Way to go to that church and to Mr. Carlos. And that's just beautiful. And by the way, he's here, right? Is that Mr. Carlos? Right There. This is Mr. Carlos. Okay. And then this right here is Mr. Allen. Mr. Allen thankfully was able to make it because he lives here in Franklin, Tennessee. But he's the one that sold me the, my first house. Oh, wow. At 19 years old. Oh, Very cool. That's fun. Good, Good way to go. All right. Quincy from St. Louis. $55,000 paid off. What a great story. In 36 months, making 24 to 85. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1.


I'm debt free. Yeah. That is what you call transformation. He will not go back. He will not. Well done. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible. And you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right, wrong. George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible. and I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down Payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist will cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So If, you have one and you're delinquent. Grandma, uncle Joe, whoever it is, is drowning with you. But there is a way out. Why, Refi, Why, Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. And they give you a low fixed rate loan built for you so you can get it paid off. Get current and get paid off. Go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY


might not be in Allstate. Today's Question comes from Andre in Indiana. I'm being managed out of my job at my current employer. When I realized what was happening, I got ahead of it and have turned in my resignation. so I won't have a termination on my employment record. I have several interviews lined up and I'm not worried about finding another position. My question is, how should I approach obtaining a letter of reference from my current employer? Should I need it? Well, you're gonna approach it now before you leave the building. number one. Number two, you're gonna approach it with some gratitude and humility and just say, Hey, I appreciate this opportunity to, to be here and I would love if you feel comfortable being a reference for me, and gimme a reference letter upon request.


Are you comfortable with that? It's just a man to man conversation or a man to woman conversation. And that's about all you can do there. Hopefully you've left. Well, we don't know what the situation here is, but I'm such a proponent for people leaving. Well, even if you feel like you're not supposed to be there anymore, even if you feel like you've got some tension, you feel like maybe it wasn't the best situation for you leaving well and not burning that bridge is always the right way to go because you have to assume that any future employer is going to call your past employer. And so humility and gratitude in class would be the three ingredients in the ask. And by the way, with every remaining second you have at that place before you leave, act with class.


Yeah. Smile, act with class, do everything. So most employers, Andre, do not give references on formers because of the liability. Right. And so we don't, if someone calls here, oh, the only thing we'll confirm is that they worked here between this date and that date. And that's the only thing we'll tell you. We won't say whether they're awesome or Not. I didn't realize that. That's good for me to know. I did not, I've heard of that. I didn't know that was because We don't wanna get sued. Right. Because we referred them or told or told somebody, you know, this guy's a, he, he's he wasn't good. Right? And then you turn around, you get, you get all this other stuff on you.


So yeah, we just, and that's not that unusual in the employment market. We've learned when we're trying to check references, the, it's tough to get people to actually give you a reference. I wanna sidestep Ken. I want you to coach for a second here and, and I wanna join you in it. Let's pretend that Andre, I'm gonna make up something for Andre. Sure. I don't know anything about him. So this is all pretend. Sure. Okay. Let's pretend he's 26 and this is his second job and he says, I'm being managed out of my job. Now, if you were working at Ramsey, we don't manage people out of a job.


We do manage them. If they're not competent, we're gonna talk to you about it and help you work on your competence. We do manage you and talk to you about it and create uncomfortable conversations if you're not handling your relationships with others inside the building. Well, if you're being a twerp Okay. And so being the, being the potential employer of someone in this situation, I, I wouldn't take the position I'm being managed out. Yeah.


Unless you've got a pure political situation going on it. I mean just because someone tells you to suck it up buttercup and get better, that is not being managed out. That's correct. So I, if I were coaching Andre, I would ask a lot of detailed questions. What does that actually mean? Yeah. And to the best of my ability, be able to discern, well you're not being managed out or maybe you are now what it's gonna look like in this case, if we're assuming what he's saying is that someone is basically being or making you as uncomfortable as possible. Not in a way of leading you for growth and having an uncomfortable conversation with your growth in mind, but actually being a turd to you to get you to quit because they don't wanna fire you.


Does that happen? It does. Yeah. But in this Case, that's bad leadership. That's bad leadership. so I would be asking enough questions to find out what's really going on. And to your point, if they are holding you to a standard that they hired you to keep, you aren't being managed out. You're being held accountable for what they're paying you for. so I would be diving into what's really going on and then coaching from there. Yeah. And in many cases, and I'm gonna say this, just Because you're uncomfortable That's Right. Doesn't mean you're being managed out. That's correct. Or held to a standard. Right. And so what we gotta determine, we're seeing this a lot with the younger generation. Accountability is really, really hard. We had, we had one a while back that just couldn't seem to get to work on time, wander in an hour late.


And we say, you know, well you're creating stress by Yeah. That's kinda like what we do here. We create stress for you. You need to be here on time. If that's stressful, just suck it up. I mean That's right. and I know, oh, I'm sorry about your anxiety. Get your butt to work on time. Okay. This is what we do. And so, and that's about how it would sound. I mean, we might be a little kinder than that. Sure. But you know, it's a pretty simple thing. We open the building at a certain time and you need to be here by then. Yeah. You have to reframe it. It's not creating stress. Right. They say that I'm not creating stress. No. But it's likes, like anyone that ever told me I'm not perfect in the apple of my mother's eye now is managing me out. Exactly. That's a bunch or that's just a bunch of crap. That's what I'm saying.


Yeah. Okay. So now there's two possibilities. You're, you're, you're being that, I'm not saying that Andre is, but if you be careful when you're using a phrase like I'm being managed out, you are taking the position of victim and you might not be the victim. That's right. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. You might be, you might be the victim, you might be a bunch of political junk and they're, you know, they're moving the chess pieces around trying to knock you over and get you out. 'cause they don't want you there and they don't have the, the backbone to just fire you. Right. You know, the metaphor I would use here Dave is are you being coached or are you being mistreated? There you go. And a coach and I, I I usually return to sports because I grew up playing sports.


Dis disco does not mean you're being mistreated. Yeah. You know, I, I watch these NFL training camps. These are millionaires and the coach is pulling 'em off the, off the field and they're coaching 'em up. They're getting out those little Microsoft pads on the sideline and they're showing these young quarterbacks that are franchise quarterbacks. Here's what you did wrong on this interception. That's not mistreating that kid, that is coaching that kid on what they expect of them because they're paying them millions of dollars a year. And the same metaphor holds true in the workplace. Is your leader coaching you? Are they mistreating You or are they mistreating you? Yeah, That's true. That's There's a wide gap. That's exactly what I'm saying. That's exactly what I'm saying. Because we spent a lot of time and money to hire you Yeah.


And get you in here. That's a That's right. And so we're not going to manage anybody out. Yeah. It Costs you more to replace 'em. Exactly. We're gonna try to help you make it. That's exactly right. But that may involve discomfort And it should, It usually doing something you've never done before or something you suck at and you gotta get better is discomfort it. It's not comfortable. It's outside your comfort zone. A quarterback feels really uncomfortable when he runs off the field after throwing an interception. 'cause there's 75,000 people that are mad at him and his head coach. But guess what? That's the price of admission. That is the ticket to the B and me. Yeah. So step it up. Yeah. So again, I think that's a good clarification.


Are you being coached? And if you are, expect discomfort because that's what called growth. That's right. And you're moving up and in, if you're being mistreated, then you're being managed out. But either one of those could fall into this. Yeah. Phrase. I'm not real. I don don't like the phrase is what I'm saying. It feels Very victim. I felt the same thing when I saw it. You Know? Yeah. And it, but it, it could be that he's just, he might be the victim of some toxic politics. It very well could, I mean, being mistreated, that's, that happens all the time. There's no question they're bad Leaders. 'cause spineless leaders will do stuff like that that's passive aggressive rather than just fire somebody. That's right. So you only have that trouble here. We're gonna tell you, this is what we're doing. If it doesn't work, we're gonna tell you it didn't work.


We don't, we're not scared, we're not afraid. And we're not mean and we're not unkind. So,


hey guys, for all of you listening to the show on YouTube or the podcast, it's about to end. You can get the entire show including the next segment on The Ramsey Network app, which is free. Download it in the app store or Google Play. You can got the full video or audio podcast production. Either one of the whole thing, but certainly the last segment every day. So click in the note, show notes and check it out. We'd love to have you join us. The Ramsey Network app in the app store. The whole thing's free. We're not charging a thing for this. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad Bing, bad b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.