
Hey guys, if you're ready to get ahead with money and start building wealth this year, don't miss our free take Control of your Money livestream. It's on January 23rd And you could win $4,000 just for signing up. You got nothing to lose. Go sign up right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream.


Welcome to The Ramsey Show America. This is where we help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships alongside the fabulous Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Excited to be together for you folks today. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 and the new year is off and running. And I looked up today Jayden, it's like, where did January Go man? What? Come on. And so, hey, if you're trying to get control of your money, we're not talking about a New Year's resolution.


You're just saying, listen, 2025, we, we just gotta, we have to stand on business. Hey, come on Ken Coleman. Yeah. 2025 you, you're teaching me this is life change, right? That's right. We are making real changes, real progress with our money and we have just the thing to help folks out. Ken. That's right. Coming up this Thursday, my friend, right over there to my right, she is gonna be on the stage with Dave RAMSEY. They are headlining our free live stream event. Tell 'em what it's going to be. Ooh. And what it's going to do for them. We are going to help you break the paycheck to paycheck cycle once and for all. That's really what it's about. How many can know how it feels to have more month left, but the money's gone, right?


Ooh. How many of us know what it feels like to be overdrafting our account? Then you pay that $34 fee. Embarrassing man. It's embarrassing when you're always checking your account before you swipe for your groceries at the grocery store. 'cause you don't wanna, you know, you wanna make sure there's enough money there. We're gonna help you with that. The, the fact is people are feeling tightness with their money. They're not sure where to go. And the truth is, people have tried to have goals in the past with their money and another year passes and they're still in debt or they still don't have that savings. So we're gonna help you, it's a free live stream event. We're gonna go over exactly what it's going to take for you to get on a budget, start paying off debt, start building up savings. We'll touch briefly on investing all of that. You can sign up right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream.


And Ken, yeah, this Is fun. If you sign up, you're gonna be registered to automatically be in our drawing to win $4,000 cash. We're doing five giveaways. Five people. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? Five people will win $4,000.


And after you sign up at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream, create a free EveryDollar account to get a bonus entry in the giveaway. Whoop whoop. Yes, because you guys are gonna be using EveryDollar during the livestream to show you the fastest, most practical way to get control of your money. So again, this Thursday, 7:00 PM central time Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. And for anybody who was there on the last event, some of you're like, oh, are you doing an EveryDollar demo? I am gonna go over EveryDollar, but it's a very small piece of what we're doing. So still tune in. Even if you've seen me do an EveryDollar demo, I'm gonna do that like literally in five minutes. So yeah, tune in because we're talking about a lot. Yeah. And Rachel Cruz and George Kamel are gonna join us again. It's gonna be cameo, so it's gonna be a lot of fun. Do y'all wanna miss that?


Alright, let's get to the phones. Zane is gonna start us off in Dallas, Texas. Zane, How can we help today? Hey, am I on live? Yeah, You are live? Yes. Oh, Cool. This is your moment. Well, Do you have something planned? No, I don't. I I was wondering that, well, my problem, they told me to kinda get to my question. I'm $115,000 in medical debt as of right now, and I'm 19 years old. Oh man. What happened? Give us the quick version of what happened Three months ago. I got into a high crash or a car crash at about 60 miles an hour. Broke both my legs. Whoa. And had to spend a week or two in the hospital.


And I have been outta work for the last three months. What's the status on being able to get back to work? I'm just now able to kind of waddle around my house like a penguin. But Wow. I'm walking's still not that great right now. And the doctors are kind of telling me that I'm not gonna be able to go back to construction for the next year or two at least. So is there a, is there a settlement coming out of this? I mean, were you at fault or are you gonna get paid off of this? I think I was at fault, if I believe correctly. Yeah. Oh, that's tough. My man. That's real tough. Yeah. Are and my, my my, oh, sorry for interrupting. No, Go ahead.


Well, my, my question was is that at 19 I've kind of been given two options of how to handle the $115,000 of debt that I'm in. And it's to either, you know, counter them and say that I'm not gonna pay it and agree on a lower settlement of, you know, 60 to 80,000 or whatever. Or to just not pay it and let it really, you know, hit my credit score and let the credit score drop. And I don't know which of those choices to go with at this point. 'cause I've never had to use my credit and I don't think I will in the next seven years. But then again, I don't wanna be straddled with that debt. Tell me about, were you unin, did you not have medical insurance at the time? Tell me more about that. Because what I'm thinking, no, I didn't have no medical insurance.


No ma'am. Okay. Do you live at home? I was living on my own in a travel trailer. 'cause you know, it's the cheapest thing you can live in as a young teenager. But now I am, I'm my awesome mother is taking care of me while I'm recovering. So the truth is, if you don't pay these, they would roll into collections and some collections agency would end up buying them for pennies on the dollar. And the the truth is, when things go into collection Yeah. You, you're more likely to be able to strike some sort of deal and say, okay, I can pay you if it's 115,000, I can pay you 40,000 or I can pay you 60,000 and it's usually a cash deal.


I don't like that for you because a, like you said, you're, you're tanking your credit and it's kind of, it just feels like a hopeless thing. What I would do is I would start with, okay, is there any type of payment plan I can be on? And there's probably some sort of, I don't wanna say the term forbearance, but you know, when you're going through a hard time and they kind of Give you a Yeah. A break there until you can start working again. 'cause the truth is you're not able to work at this point and we have to figure out what that means for you next. Right? Yes ma'am. I'm, I'm hoping to be able, I kind of through my dad, my dad's an oil field man and he, there was a plan for me to move out to the oil field and get kind of a desk job out there that would pay better than construction and allow me to work, you know, while sitting down.


And that was the plan moving forward. If I was going to be, you know, paying this off, that was plan either way. But that was kind of my only way in my mind of yeah, When is that gonna happen? I couldn't pay this off. When are you going to take that job? As soon as I can walk again and get my, my trailer moved out to Midland. Fantastic. Okay. So there, there's income and I think Jade's right, call the hospital, Get a hardship or something, And you talk to him about what you'd like to do and if you can settle for Jade, what do you think about his initial idea of settling for a much lower number? I, I think that if it comes to that, that's okay, but I would not intentionally take my credit. Like I would not intentionally not make the payments to take my credit so that it gets sold off.


I wouldn't do that if that happened because of circumstances that you couldn't help, which happens every time and people call in fine. Well that was his second option. I, his first option was going to the hospital and saying, look, I just, I don't know if I'll ever be able to pay that back. Can we do a lower number? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I do like the idea of you going to the hospital and saying, Hey, obviously this is the extent of my injuries. Obviously I did not have insurance, obviously it's going to take me some time. Is there some sort of payment plan I can work out that takes into account my hardship right now? Yeah. And I think they will do that. Yeah. But I don't want you to go into this with a hopeless mindset of saying I'll never be able to pay this off. Totally, totally. Because I don't believe that. I think you can totally. I agree. Yeah, I, I agree. I I think you tell 'em, look, I'm a 19-year-old kid, I didn't have insurance.


Here's why. Tell 'em your story. Yeah. And if you could get it to 60, that's a number you threw out, that's very doable for you to pay that off. But as soon as you can get healthy. Yeah man, you're getting out to Midland and man you're a young Billy Bob Thornton out there. Hey, have you seen that show Landman? I gotta tell you Ken. Ken. It's good, isn't it? It's so good. It's good. I got ahead of it and got in trouble with Stacey so I had to slow down. Yeah, you gotta watch it with you. Watch get mama caught back up on it. And I gotta tell you, it's Not for the faint of heart though. Yeah, yeah. Whew. Great show. Get your popcorn out for that one. Alright, we'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, every year I hear the same excuses for why people don't get the life insurance they need to protect their families. So this year let's clear the air and look at the facts. Most people are concerned about price, but term life rates have never been lower. Having 10 to 12 times your income on a 15 or 20 year plan is in many cases just plain cheap. Second life insurance through your work is not enough, especially since these plans go away. If you change jobs, you need to have your own policy so you're not without protection when your family really needs it. Third, stay at home. Parents need life insurance, especially those with young kids. People don't realize how quickly the costs add up without someone at home taking care of things. So no more excuses folks. Get the protection your family needs. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. They've been my choice for all my insurance for over 25 years and are the only people I trust.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman alongside Jade Warshaw. The phone number for you to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Today we'll focus on your money questions of course, and also your professional questions So we can make more money and, and create more margin through the baby stubs. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number. Matt is joining us now in Phoenix, Arizona. Matt, How can we help? Hi, thanks for taking my call guys. So we are snowballing our debt and doing everything we can, but we just got a letter from the IRS. It was a notice to a notice for intent to levy possessions for our 2023 taxes.


We filed the taxes and everything and we owed about $14,000 from 2023. So we submitted all the paperwork and a down payment to set up a payment plan to pay that back while we're kind of snowballing all of our other debt. Okay. But they somehow they, they managed to cash the check for a thousand dollars as a down payment, but lost our paperwork to set up the payment plan classic. So I, it kind of got me thinking, is there debt that's like more important to pay off than other debt or should I just throw this all into the snowball because I know I have a work bonus coming up pretty soon that would pretty much wipe out that IRS debt. Yes.


So like should I use it for that IRS or just keep on, keep on doing the snowball? Yeah, No, you are 100% right Matt. There, there is some debt that's important than others. And in this case it's always IRS debt. So when you're working your debt snowball, we always say if you have IRS debt or if you're, you know, behind on your mortgage, that sort of thing, that jumps to the top of the list regardless of the fact because they can do so much damage and let's be honest, nobody likes working with IRS. It is a pain in the butt And you want to get them off of your tail as quickly as possible. So if you have this bonus coming up, when does it come? End of February. Yeah, I, I'm knocking that out instantly.


And just make sure you keep record of everything because the, listen, the IRS is notorious for making mistakes. I can't tell you how many times with our business we got sent a tax bill that was incorrect and we had to fight it and had to show proof and you know, you're always jumping through hoops with them. So whatever you do, make sure there's a very clear paper trail so that if this thing rears its head again, you've got everything documented. Okay. Yeah. Thanks for the call Matt. Thanks for the call. Excuse me, my voice just went out on me there. Plied. Yeah. Kyle is joining us now in New York City. Kyle, How can we help? Hello? I was, I have a quick question.


I am looking to get engaged soon and my fiance has some student loan debt, about 65,000 of it and I live at home. I own my own business. I've been able to save up quite a bit. I have about $180,000 saved up between different accounts, some retirement, some and some brokerage accounts and others in like just normal checkings and savings accounts. I was curious about how should I go about handling paying this debt? Would something like a lump sum just handling it right away, be wise, would doing it over a period of time be wise? I've never had debt so I don't know like the best route to actually paying it off.


Listen, that's a great question. When do you guys get married? We're planning to get married In October of this year. Okay, so when and only when you get married after you've said I do, I think it could be a good idea to pay off this debt depending on how much of your 8 180 k saved is in non-retirement funds. So can you kind of break that down? How much of it is non-retirement? Yeah, so about 30,000 is in a Roth IRA and then I have like 50,000 in just like the s and p 500. Okay. And the rest is broken up between like a savings account, so like, like the rest a hundred thousand is in savings accounts, like high yield savings Accounts And checking accounts and also in like my business checking account.


Okay. So of the 150 that's we'll call liquid 'cause the index funds, if you don't have to touch it, you don't have to. But of all of that, how much would you say would be three to six months of expenses for you and your wife once you're in your lifestyle? Yeah, I haven't yet calculated that out. Okay. I know what mine is currently. Okay. But that's something that I would have to calculate. I think that you're gonna be fine, but what I would do is I would just set aside three to six months of what, once you guys are married, set aside three to six months of what will be your expenses and keep that in a high yield. And then if you still have the 60,000 liquid or 65,000 liquid to pay this off, I would pay it off.


And even if you only have 55, I would do it in a lump sum and then I would cashflow the rest of it until it's gone. Okay, great. Yeah, I, Hey, I love your heart behind this. Yeah, I love that for you. It's just as easy as saying, yeah, I'll write a check. That's a good sign my friend. That's a good dude. Yeah, very good dude. Let's go to Emily in Denver, Colorado next. Emily, How can we help? Hi, I'm going through a divorce and have two high school funds and I'm wondering if I should rebalance some of my cash to help fund college or if I should try to get the lowest mortgage possible when I buy a different home.


How much cash are we talking about? Well that's, I don't know, I don't know what their plans will be if they will go to a four year school or do something more technical. No, I'm sorry. How much cash do you have? How much? Well, it would be coming out of the home equity when I move homes. Okay. So let's just back up so that we know what we're dealing with. We gotta kind of get a, an idea of what you're talking about. So you're, you're in a divorce, you're going to move, how much equity do you have in the home? The, well, I'm in an expensive area, So we have, I'm assuming we, I will walk away with about 700,000 in home equity.


Six to 700,000. But the cheapest thing I can buy is probably nine, eight to 900,000. Okay. For Maybe a pound home. And then How old are the boys? What grades are they in? Sophomore and junior. Do you have any college money set aside? About 12 to 15,000 per child. Okay. All right. And I'd like to help them pay for college so they don't have debt. Do you work outside the home? I do work full-time, Yeah. What's your income? 160,000 a year. Okay. Okay. That's good. What would you say an all in budget for you is? Do you have a pretty good idea what your budget is on, this is not frills, but just paying for your basics and being comfortable.


What what's that number? I don't have an exact budget because everything's been combined. Yeah. But I've been trying to crunch numbers and thinking I wouldn't want to mortgage more than $2,000 a month including a, you know, insurance, HOA, anything like that. Okay. Yeah. Just a rule of thumb for you to keep in mind. We would say no more than 25% of your take home pay should be your mortgage. And that's including HOA, that's including taxes and insurance. So if 2K is 25% or less than you're good, something to keep in mind here.


Have you priced it out in the Denver area? So if you're spending six 50 Yeah. You're getting like a, a decent sized townhouse, is that right? I'm just outside of Denver and right now the only three bedroom townhouse is 900,000 would be the cheapest I could afford. 900,000 to a million is what I'd probably be looking at for property. Have you considered going further out? Like I have friends that are, you know, 30, 25 to 30 minutes from the Denver area family of four and they're looking at things in the six to $700,000 range. And I've been to their house and it's fine. Where I'm yeah.


Where, where I am. I'm between mountain passes and I wouldn't want my kids to have to drive mountain passes in the winter to get to school. I hear what you're saying. Okay. So, so There, there is a balance for me on that cost. Two things to keep in mind here and I'll, I'll speak on the home side. Can you speak on the college side? We have to, we have to have very clean and clear expectations and very realistic expectations because the money that's gonna come from the sale is sounds like a lot, but it's not a lot. And I think you're starting to feel that. And so yeah, expectations on college are they the types of kids that will go to college? You've got some money saved, They're gonna have to work and they're gonna have to come up with scholarships and grants and then there's the father.


So I would tell you that this is not all on you. I think you've gotta make the right decision for your home, keeping your expenses low as you're now out on your own. That's your number one priority. Not cash flowing their college. And that's another good point. It's just you now you've got kids that will be coming home but that won't be a part of the home full time and that's gonna weigh into what you purchase when it comes to this home. Yeah. So sorry you're going through this, but take care of you first. The the boys will be fine. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life. Kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean it is so much. That's why you need a Knock Box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories and not a huge mess. Knock Box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today at Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. Your family will Thank you. That's Knock Box n. Okay. box.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by our friends at Why Refi? Why Refi Refinances defaulted private student loans. Defaulted means when the borrowers can't make the required payments. So if that describes you and your private student loan, please contact Why Refi They can offer a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Okay. Today's question comes from Jared in Florida. He says, my wife and I are trying to get our debt under control. We aren't drowning by any means, but we have been using credit cards to build our credit. We have some credit cards that are 0% interest for a certain amount of time. Since these have a higher balance and are at the bottom of our snowball list, they would revert to full interest by the time we started aggressively paying them. Would you suggest paying the remainder of the 0% interest off ahead of the other debts to keep them from jumping to 24 to 26% interest? Oh, okay. That's a lot of percentages. What I think you're getting at is moving the debts out of order to avoid paying interest towards the end of your snowball.


I might add and no I wouldn't, I would keep them in order because the truth is you're gonna be going so fast by then and the amount that you're gonna be throwing at the debt is going to happen so quickly. My guess is the math on this is gonna be negligible because it's probably gonna be the difference of a couple of months that this is gonna take place. And I would use this as fuel. Like when I know Ken, if they, if they come on the weather report and say that a snow storm's coming, what do you do? I laugh at how Middle Tennessee is gonna react and realize that if we need any bread or dairy product, I should probably go now. Yeah. Thus contributing to the problem I'm laughing about.


Yeah, you, You prepare is what I'm getting at. That's probably not the answer you were looking For. No, no, that's fine. What you're saying is you prep. Yeah. You know it's coming So you do what you have to do to be prepared for it. Yeah, and it's the same thing when you know that this interest is gonna hit, you will have prepared for it. You'll have thought. Okay. And if anything else, you might have tried to avoid it by going faster earlier. Yeah. So that you don't get to that point. So I think that this can be used as fuel to pay off the other debts faster. Yeah, I agree. Good advice. Levi is joining us now in Minneapolis. Levi, How can we help? Hey, so I guess to kind of jump into it, I'll Give you guys my situation and where I'm at and everything with my life. I'm 22 years old. I am engaged with a 1-year-old.


We had our little one not too long ago. And ever since we found out about her, I've been on a debt free journey. I, I had about $15,000 in debt, which had a mix of, it was home equity loan kind of thing. And then some credit cards and stuff like that. I got all that paid off in about eight months. I am a full-time electrician making about $55,000 a year. And then I also do a lot of side work doing electrical stuff and handyman things on the side. Now that my daughter, she's getting up to the age of where she's kind of starting to realize like, oh, dad's around, dad's not around. I've been really wanting to spend more time with her. I have my three to six months emergency fund.


I'm fully debt free and we're getting married in September. I, we are cash flowing the whole wedding. We pretty much have everything accounted for. We have our tax returns gonna be the last little bit about of our money that's coming back to pay for the rest of the wedding. But my main question is, is I don't know if I want to keep on doing these side jobs. Like, I mean I, I cut back a little bit. I was getting more calls from people the more I did on a daily basis to do stuff on the weekends and I was getting burnt out so I cut back a little. But I am wondering if I should cut back even more now rather only do a couple of months because I'm only being able to afford like around 6% of my income to invest in retirement.


And I feel like I should be doing more even though I'm 22. But I mean, I'm, I got a, I got a good growth rate for my income. I mean that's gonna almost double in the next two years once I get past my journeyman's test. So, So I guess so, so first of All, that's where you guys are at for that. Well first of all, I want to congratulate you on, you find out you got a baby on the way And you talk about adulting and growing up and manning up. I just wanna call out. Way to go Levi. Way to go. Thanks. So you paying off your debt, you got a fully funded emergency fund. I mean I'm just very impressed. So my only question that I have, Jade is, and Levi for you is you said you're not able to afford more than putting 6% away for retirement.


And I, I guess I don't understand that. What do you mean by I can't afford it? Well, I mean I could, I can afford it. It's just more, I guess so for say the comfortability of everything, like I'm thinking like I have, I have all this time ahead of me. I'm like looking at how much I'm investing now. If I continue investing what I have now, I'll have over $3 million Yeah. By the time I retire, which is gonna be more to live off of. But I'm wondering like if I kind of hold back so that way we don't have to give up like all of our lifestyles so I can do more fun things with the little one on the weekends and stuff like that and just do this 6% Yeah. For the next two years. And then once I pass my test And you, that's a $10 an hour bump.


And then from there I can keep my same lifestyle and then invest that full 15% I guess. Listen, I'm curious to know what my friend's gonna gonna say here. She's got a big old smile on her face, so I'm gonna get outta the way. But I, my reaction to this is, you, you, you are rationalizing this and if you rationalize it now, you're gonna rationalize it later when you have more income to do more fun stuff. And I think that the, the crux of the issue is that started you down this path is you've been working like a madman doing a great job. Can you cut back a little bit?


Should you cut back a little bit? I think yes and yes, but I would use that extra, that extra weekend one or two weekends instead of four. And that's how I would fund my 15%. You know what I, I mean absolutely. I would go ahead and start doing it now because my friend don't get Jade started on her investment calculator. That's all I would Say. Well he's already run it and 3 million is great. Listen, I'm smiling because you're 22. You have so much life he's to live's on the boat. Yeah. And I love that you have a path for your income to go up and it will, right now my biggest que I the questions formulating in my mind as you were talking are more so along you said that you make 55,000 a year, which is really good.


But that, that's including side hustles. So my, my first question is, well if you drop the side hustles, what will you be making a year? And I don't like that number only because it's already lower than the, the median in the United States. And I kind of want you at least above the median. That's the median or above is what I would love for you. The, the next question I had was the wife. You know, when you guys get married here coming up, you know, what's the plan? Is she gonna have income? 'cause that definitely factors into this right now. It will factor into it as soon as you get married. So tell us about that. Yeah, so my, yeah, 55,000. That's my standard electric, my electrician job. And then on top of that I have side hustles, which this year has been better this year than the last two I've been picked up.


I picked up a lot more. I've probably, this entire of 2024, I probably made around 15,000 in side hustles throughout the year. 15,000. Okay. Yep. And then once she, once we get married, we have one little one right now and she, my fiance, she's working part-time doing, working with my mom at our, at my mom's home daycare. So doing that, we get free childcare and then she also makes an income of around 20,000 a year. Okay. But once we have this second kid, my mom can't afford to pay for, have two kids there. 'cause that factors into her number. So Right. The plan is to have my wife go be a stay at home mom at that point.


Okay. And then I will just be the main breadwinner at the time. And then she would do like being like a sub and stuff for the daycare here and there when my grandparents could watch the kids and stuff like that. So I mean her income maybe be like 10,000 a year after that. Those are the numbers you need to run and run them clearly. And both you and your wife have to decide this is the life we've agreed on. John, John Delony and I have talked about this many times, that sometimes what you're signing up for is the used Camry lifestyle. And if you decide, hey, I don't wanna do these side hustles, my wife's gonna stay home, that is 100% your prerogative. But just know that making $55,000 a year, that is going to mean you're on a used Camry lifestyle. And there's nothing wrong with that.


Just, just know, I want you investing at least 15% off of your base income so that you're used to putting away $687 every single month, whether you side hustle or not. And if that's a problem, check out where your mortgage or rent payment lies. Because if it's tight, that's likely why. Yeah. But congrats on just stepping into being an adult. Yeah. And being responsible at the age of 22. I I got a sense that he's gonna be okay. Whatever he does. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey y'all, it's Rachel Cruz. Just about everything costs more these days. And unfortunately, healthcare is no exception. So if you're looking at your healthcare options during open enrollment and finding that your costs are increasing while your number of choices are decreasing, be sure to check out Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM is not health insurance. It's a biblically based health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families just like yours cover nearly $10 billion in healthcare costs with no networks and the freedom to choose your healthcare provider. CHM is an affordable option that aligns with your values and makes it possible for your family to save on healthcare. Plus you can join at any time, including open enrollment. You guys, CHM has been helping RAMSEY fans for 15 years and they're the only health cost sharing provider endorsed by RAMSEY. So you can trust CHM to take care of you. Like we would. Programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more and join today at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside the phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. And we are here for you. And my friend tells me right before we, we go live, she goes, I gotta, I gotta throw a little thought at You. You watched the inauguration. I did. Of course you did. So Now you, we need to explain that. 'cause people make assumptions. I am a Well you're A political, like you love politics. I'm a student of the process. Yeah. I love the peaceful transfer of power. I like the tradition. We're, we're the youngest country out there. True That, true that. So it's kind of fun. I did watch it. Nice. I did a media hit this morning about, oh, you know the whole tariffs?


Yes. What say you, Oh, I'm not a, I'm not pro tariff. I'm anti tariff. And the reason is all, All on all imports regardless. I think it's a la I think that they are a, I think tariffs have been useful economic tools many times they get turned into weapons and here's my beef with tariffs for all the pro-Trump people who are automatically canceling me or mad at me. Let me explain why. Yeah, I was gonna say, explain, explain the pros and cons Because a tariff is meant to penalize a foreign country. Alright. So let's just say that Trump puts a tariff on all Canadian products that American companies import in here and sell to you.


The people. Yes. It is meant to penalize Canada by making their products more expensive and thus trying to motivate American companies to pick another product. Here's the challenge when we say American made, and nobody's more America first than me, and I'd love to see American workers make American products. However, our people, and I'm proud of this, get paid more than everybody else in the world. So it is very expensive for a small business. Let's say small business, X, y, z Let's say they import a widget from Canada. When Trump puts a tariff on that widget from Canada, it doesn't just penalize Canada, It's gonna pass on, It's gonna penalize a small business because let's say they've got orders coming in all the time and they go, I can't find a comparable widget from some other country and I certainly can't find one in America.


It's gonna cost me more. So that tariff is paid for by the small business. Sure. Well that small business can't afford to change their margin. So what do they have to do? They have to raise the price of said widget. That's right. So in all reality, and I don't wanna hurt anybody's feelings, but this is economics 1 0 1. This is not Democrat, this isn't Republican. This is just, this is how economics works. Tariffs do become a tax for the consumer. Well In the short term. So Therefore I am never for raising taxes ever. Listen, I, so there you go. I I think I'm with you. I, I'm, what did you say? Well, On the media hit, I was talking about how obviously, like to your point, if you, if you put a tariff on the importer, that that price is gonna pass along to the consumer.


And if we really look at what we're importing, the, the main ones that are affecting, you know, everyday people in the United States, crude oil, I mean, you're gonna see oil prices go up, you're gonna see gas go up like number one. And then even, you know, things like food. You know, we import things from other countries because we want avocados year round. You know what I'm saying? Like, we have gotten used to certain comforts here in the United States that we'll definitely feel that, we'll feel it on coffee And, you know, certain fruits and vegetables and I don't know chocolate, that sort of thing. But is there a, I'm asking you, is there a short term benefit, long term gain thing here where we say, yeah, we might feel it in the short term, but long term, would we begin to see it play out in the way of, I don't know, what's the, what's the end game here?


More business being done internally? Well, again, we're talking about President Trump. This is his policy. He's very pro tariff and he comes at it from a other countries need to be paying us more. You know, I wanna bring more income to the United States and through the treasury, so forth and so on. It's just not that simple. And so therefore, the answer to your question, I can't even simplify that because it's a, the answer is we don't know. True that, but but traditionally when you raise costs for American businesses, it leads to Inflation. Yeah. So no One wants to go back to that again. Yeah. So 2022, You know, I I I'm consistent on this. People have asked, I've been on Fox News and I made the host, he got a little, got his feathers ruffled when I just said, look, this is what I think about tariffs.


Yeah. I think the best thing that Trump can do or any president, is cut regulations. So government regulations, things that cost businesses money to comply with and cut taxes for businesses when both of those things are cut, prices go down when prices go down for the American people, theoretically, and this is what we're here to do, is that allows people more room in their budget if they aren't spin crazy. So I am always going to be low tax, low to no tariffs because I believe in a free market system that takes care of itself. In other words, if the consumer wants to pull back, they pull back.


That means if they pull back, guess what the companies do? They lower prices, car prices go down when demand goes down. Right. Right, right, right. Housing prices go down when demand goes down. This is called a free market system and the market drives what's going on. I don't like government weighing in and I, I'm, I'm, I'm libertarian on that stuff, but again, that's just my position here. I got you. You don't have to Agree with it. No, I think it's, it's nice to hear. I mean, I felt like that was pretty, You know, who needs less money? The government, you know, you know who needs more money, folks, you find people, if you wanna know, like vote for me.


'cause I'm pro people, I'm serious. The people, Ken Coleman, the people's president, I just don't want more money in the federal government. They don't know what to do with it. Yeah. And I think each of you people that are listening today and watching, and I mean this from the bottom of my heart. I mean, James Child has known me a decade. He knows I'm telling you the truth. Well, what do you think About I believe that you all can handle your money. Yeah. If you work with Ramsey Solutions and we teach you how to budget facts. But I believe the American people and the people of the world can manage their money better than anyone else can manage it for them. And I'm talking about government bureaucrats and politicians. That's what I believe at my core. Yeah. I I I agree with you. I do think that regardless of what the, the policies are, if you do the things that we teach, like I always talk about five pillars of personal finance.


Right. It's, I love that's budgeting. Yeah. Like the idea, you get outta debt, you stay outta debt. Right. It's an, it's carrying the proper insurances. It's, it's investing for the future and it's prioritizing generosity. If you're doing those five things, you're winning. And obviously you can use the baby steps to do that. But the truth is like certain things can impact us in a moment, in a positive or negative way. Like, I would never sit here and say like, this doesn't really matter. It doesn't affect you. Sure it does. What do you think about the idea that tip, like people who work on tips and things like that, that, that might not be taxed. Love it. I like that too. I love any policy that lowers taxes now. I mean, you throw it at me, I'm have a hard time saying I'm not for that.


I mean, I, I think people who rely on tips, they are relying on the generosity of the people that they serve. Hundred percent. So if, if, if someone, if, if, if you and Sam and Stacey and I are at dinner and we were just at dinner a couple months ago and that, remember that guy kind of an artsy guy, musician guy. Either way you don't remember him. Maybe tell me more. He Did a great job. Oh Yeah, I do remember him. We sat outside. Yes, I remember. And we all, and the four of us, I feel like we all commented on God did a, Like he's a guy. Really good job. Great guy. So here's my point. He served us so well that then the Warsaw family decides at that moment of the check to go, we're going in, how much of our money beyond the meal are we going to give to this guy because we appreciate how he took care of us.


And then the Colemans do the same thing. He Should get to keep that out. Right? The Government gets to tax my generosity. No. Oh no, no. I'm sorry. The government gets to tax my appreciation. Well, they tax it. I mean this is don't Tax my appreciation. My man did a good job. He's out hustling for us. Yeah. I'm gonna Give you a little extra. Plus they already got you gonna tax that. They Already got their cut when I earned the money or when Sam earned the money. That's the other thing. And now, now they're double Just because I'm going like this. You get to tax it again. Yeah. They taxed you when you got it. Now they're gonna tax him when you give it. Nah man. Who, Who man, this is unifying the country. It is. I feel like a lot of people do feel that way. Everybody feels this Way. No, don't tax my tip. Now. That's, That's, so anyway, I hope that that goes through as well.


But yeah, I I I think in general, I want people to have more of their hard earned money. I agree. So that they can give, save and spend as we teach here at Ramsey Solutions. Give the way they wanna give. Yes. Save what they wanna save and spend how they wanna spend. This is what Thomas Jefferson meant when he said the pursuit of happiness. Get into it, Ken. It's just this idea that this is the life that I choose to live. You said it earlier. If I wanna drive a used Camry the rest of my life, then freaking drive a used Camry the rest of your life. This is your life. That's right. And I think we need more of our money. So there you go. Good word. Ken. Economics 1 0 1.


Politics, by the way, is simple. When you make it about that, this is The Ramsey Show.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off at Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


Welcome to The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life. We're gonna help you win with your money, win in your profession, and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. I'm Ken Coleman alongside Jade Warshaw. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number by the way. Our RAMSEY show annual listener survey is now live. And we would love to know what you think of the show, what you like, what you don't, what you want to hear more of. Whatever it is. We'd love to get your feedback. There's two ways to participate. You can text the word survey, that's the word survey. Text that to 3 3 7 8 9 3 3 7 8 9.


Or you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey. Or you can click the link in the show notes on podcast or YouTube. Sign up today and you'll be entered to win a $500 Gift Card. But we would love to hear from you. Alright, Alyssa is now on the line in Albany, New York. Alyssa, How can we help? So 2024, like many it sent my family in complete financial turmoil to have one thing hap bad happen after another. And really a lot to do. My husband and I, we we we're on the same page with things, but like the execution, it just doesn't happen.


And we're about to crash and I just need help trying to get out of it. Okay. Oh, tell us a little bit more. What do you mean? We're on the same page but it's about the crash. Give us the specifics. So just to give context, I had my second child last January. I was on maternity leave till May. My daughter, my oldest daughter had a couple of seizures. She's only two. She had a couple of seizures in April. So unfortunately that kind of opened up the floodgate of a lot of issues that we're still dealing with now. And with that, you know, the the medical bills and all that stuff, that's besides the problem.


But anyway, I got back from maternity leave and I got let go as soon as I got back. Mm. I'm sorry. Yeah. So then I went, I went six months without a job, which it, it kind, it was kind of okay because with finding out about my daughter's issue, my, my, my baby also has the same problem. So the only good thing is we know about it now. So now we're just trying to deal with things. Yeah. So throughout that six months where I didn't have a job, we, our, our savings is, is empty. I had to dip completely into my Roth. IRA, I still have my regular IRA, I didn't have to touch it, but I, I had to totally empty my Roth. And, and now the good news is I have a job. I start a new job next week.


Good. But the problem, my husband is really heavy. We talk about the money and he says one thing to me, but really if there's an issue, he just covers it up and tries to do all like all the, the gig work and the the ride shares and stuff and to try to just fix it. 'cause he doesn't wanna tell me. 'cause he knows I'm so overwhelmed, I'm just gonna get upset. So now that I'm about to go back to work and everything's gonna change and I'm not here and I can't just settle up everything and try my best to, to start over again, I'm just afraid that everything's gonna blow up in my face even more than it already has. Okay. Okay. Well first Of all, you, you need some type of help.


You, you can't go through this on your own and this is a marriage issue, but you can just hear your voice. You can just hear how stressed out you are. Yeah. Take a deep breath. Yeah. I I I need to take, I I need to take a deep breath Yeah. After hearing that because I, I mean you're transferring that feeling. We feel it. Yeah. Can tell my chest got tight just listening to you. That's right. The good news. Let's start with the good news. The good news is you've got a job. Yes. The good news is you at least have the information surrounding what's going on with these kids' health. Okay. So I, it's good to know. So you can know what you can do next.


Let's talk about what's happened since you've emptied out the Roth. What's done is done. Yeah. You can't go back. It's spilled milk. You know, you kind of have to just move on from that. You've emptied out your emergency fund. Good news is that's what the emergency fund is there for. It's therefore it rains and pours. Okay. So let's look at things as they are now and give me a sense of what, what it is that you're trying to accomplish. Like if I said to you, Alyssa, what's next on your, what's most important on your things to do right now? Gimme the top three. Our credit cards are crumbling. They're, they're, they're crippling. They're completely crippling. Our car's paid off.


We rent, so you know, the rent, the rent's getting paid. Okay. The, the credit cards are getting paid, but barely. Okay. And then a lot of the issue really kind of stemmed from my, my, we, we had, there's so many credit cards. I, I had a lot going into the, we've been married for eight years. I had a lot going into the marriage and then just time goes by, things get worse. How much credit card debt do you have Between the two of us? I think it's around 80. Okay. 80,000. But you said your, your cars are paid off, which is good. What other debt do you have? Student loans? I think we, between the two of us, we have 130 and student loans. Okay. Are you making active payments or is it a super low payment? Right now He is making payments. I'm not making payments right now.


Now payment. Okay. What, do you know how much he's spending on payments every month? Three 40. I think it's not a lot. He's really paid Minimally too fast. Okay. Tell me what you guys are bringing in to, and I know, let's say it like this, what's at your disposal income-wise every month? Like, what are you bringing in? And I don't know what's going on with your husband, but if you feel like you can include that or can't include that in this equation. No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's, it's fine. Hi. He brings home, I think it's like take home, I think it's 15 every two weeks. Okay. So 3000 a month. What about I, the new job I just got, it's a little bit, it's less. So I wanna say probably like 24. 2,400 a month. Okay. What does he Do for a living?


He's a meteorologist. Oh, he's on air? No, he's not on air. It's complicated. Okay. He, he works for a company where they like forecast for like cruising cargo ships and stuff like that. So it's, it's kind of like private type of thing. And how much is your rent? How much are you guys paying in rent Every month? We're only paying 1650 for a, a small house. Okay. 1650 you said? Only, but the truth is it's only 25%. It's over 25% of your take home. So you probably are feeling it, it's not much over, but it's 350 over. So you're, you're feeling that a little bit. Okay. Yeah. What's on fire here is, I think you're just, I think you've experienced so much in a very little bit of time and it's still like reverberating in your day-to-day life, but a lot of it is, it feels like, based off what you've said, it feels like a lot of it is kind of started to settle.


Is that fair enough? Like all this craziness happened and now the Ashe is settling and we're going Okay. And you're kind of like surveying, like, where do we go next? You've got the job. You guys are making 5,400 a month, which is not, you know, it's not a bad place to start. I think that's, that's good. You've got $80,000 in debt and then 130 in student loan debt. So that's probably what you're feeling right now. But it's not because of the payment, because you're not paying on all of that. So it's just that idea of the debt resting on your shoulders. So let's break it into small pieces. 'cause I think right now that's what you need to do. If I were you, it's the debt snowball on these snow, on these credit cards. Are they current?


Are they in collections? Tell us more. They're all current. The, the big problem was my, my husband had them on auto pay and he doesn't, he doesn't check them. So I guess there was a month where it didn't go through and then it's, you know, it does that thing where it's, you know, getting a payment. So it adds And ads. And ads. Okay. And S and all that. So what you, what you Can, he wasn't paying attention. What you can do is there, it tends sometimes in, in relationships, there's people that are better at handling money than others. Everybody needs to be involved. But it might be for you to be the one that actually monitors that and pushes play on it. And it sounds like it's gonna be that I want you to be on top of this and try to drag your husband in to get on top of this as well.


But Ken Coleman, they probably need to go into some counseling. I Think they gotta scrape some money together. And you guys need a marital counselor so that a mediator can show him how you are feeling and he's gotta wake up. This is The Ramsey


Show. People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fair Wins because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay outta debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years, so go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


If your holiday ham tends to last longer than your New Year's resolutions, then I gotta a fresh challenge for you. Make this the year you take control of your financial future with an actionable plan. Sound intimidating. You don't have to do it alone. SmartVestor Pros are financial advisors who can walk you through what you need to know about retirement planning, wealth management, and anything in between. Find a pro near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman alongside my friend Jade Warshaw. We're so excited to be together for you today. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Alright, let's go to Salt Lake City, Utah. And Haley is joining us. Haley, How can we help? Hi guys. Thanks so much for taking my call. You Bet. What's up? Yeah, so to Give you some context, me and my husband just got married last May and since then we've been able to pay off his $15,000 car loan. We purchased a house and saved up a six month emergency fund.


Nice. Yeah. So my question is, we bought the house knowing it would need a kitchen renovation. I thought I could last a little longer with the current kitchen, but it's it's literally falling apart. What's going on in kitchen? Find need? Yeah, yeah. Well she says falling apart. So Hailey, talk, talk to us, paint us a picture of this kitchen. Yeah, so our house is a hundred years old and very cute. Yeah, it's, it's awesome. But the kitchen probably is from like the 1940s, fifties. I, the flooring, I can see the baseboards.


If, if, to Give you some context, the, the front, the floor is crumbling. The sink is caving into the, to the, the counters. And this is more of a luxury, I guess you could put this, but it doesn't have a dishwasher. The electrical is outdated. It's actually not up to code, so Oh, that's dangerous. Yeah. But you've fallen through the floor is not a good idea. And it feels like the sink is about ready to turn into a massive plumbing expense. Fair. Yeah. So, so I it's functional, But yeah, it definitely needs to be updated and we knew that, but so we're wondering if we should, one, suck it up, save another year to cash flow the renovation two take from our emergency fund, or three, get a renovation loan with a 0% financing option.


No, No, no. You know better. No. So three's off the table. You knew that Hailey, right? Yes, to an extent. Okay, so let's go back to one. Let's go to option one. Okay. Suck it up and save for a year. How much are you anticipating that this, that the Reno would cost? We're thinking it will, like on the low end, it would probably be around 20 K. Okay. Okay. And how much do you have saved towards that right now? We're not talking your actual emergency fund. Do you have any other savings? Yeah, we have probably, like outside of our emergency fund, about 8,000.


That's Awesome. Okay. That's good. I you, you're not gonna like this answer Hailey, but I would, I would absolutely. The two of you go, okay, what's it gonna take for us to come up with another $12,000 and how fast can we do that? And I would be so motivated by that floor and that sink. I would be selling stuff, I would be doing everything that I could do to come up with that 12 grand. And to be completely honest with you, I would, I would cash flow as you go. And what I mean by that is if this were my house And you were my wife and I was your hubs, I'd be going, I gotta fix the floor first. Yeah. Like she, we can't fall through.


So, okay, what is it gonna take to fix the floor? All right. Yeah. And then I'm making this up, Hailey, but let's say the, do you have any idea, have you, have you line itemed it out, what's the floor gonna take? We, we, we've done some quotes before. Unfortunately the, the floor that, that I've thought the same thing. The floor has to unfortunately be like the very last thing it Has. That's what I was thinking. Oh, is that right? Okay. Alright. Nevermind. So especially If you're changing the footprint. Well what about the sink that's literally falling into something? What is it gonna cost to fix that? Yeah, That would probably be the most expensive part is like the cab, you know, getting new cabinets and you know, do you Have to get stuff, do have to say new cabinets? Do you have to get new cabinets Or you can, can you reface the old ones?


That's what I'm doing. We have to get new cabinets because they're not, basically we have to redo the electrical and the sink is taking up all of the counter space. 'cause we don't have a dishwasher. It's like a really old So You changing cast iron So you're changing earthing. Yeah, it basically, I mean, to an extent it kind of has to be gutted. Listen, the thing I'm most scared about is the electrical. 'cause I'm like, how are you only going to, I mean, I'm not an electrician, but if you tell me that electricity is a hundred years old or at the very least from the forties, how can you only fix it in the kitchen and not fix it in the rest of the house? Like, I'm afraid. Yeah. I can't imagine opening a 100 year wall and it only being that there being no problems.


So part of me is like, I was trying to get her to pay for an appetizer and save up for the entree. She's like, Nope, we gotta have a five course. Does Your husband know how, how to do work? Hailey? Does my husband know electrical? Any Any of work? No. Any any of this stuff? Oh, does he know? Sorry, repeat the question. Does you know Guys know how to do stuff? Yeah. On the house in your Kitchen? Oh, we, we've, we've thrown out the idea of doing stuff ourself to save money. And I think there's some things we can do, but like, I also don't want my husband to get electrocuted. You know, 100%. He, he, he Has, well again, yeah, Hailey, listen back to the, the point I'm trying to make.


Do you disagree with this Jade? I I think they, they just really hustle and come up with 12 grand. I think you need to come up with this money, but I think every plan needs to have a contingency. And in this case, I would be afraid for you to start knocking walls with only $20,000. I I don't know how you're doing it on 20. Yeah. I I, unless this thing is a teeny tiny space. I don't know how you're doing it either. I want you to treat this like, I want you to treat this home budget, this home rental budget as though, I don't know, somebody prominent has hired you to do their, like you, you can't play around with this Like Martha Stewart's hired You. Yeah. Man. Like, you need to go through detail and really make sure you know your numbers on this.


Really make sure you've priced things out and gotten accurate because you can't, I've lived in a hundred year old house. You can't mess around. You can't mess around with it. And $20,000 feels light. I'm not gonna lie. Try to get that number up. Yeah. Don't finance it because then you're be stressed out over it. Don't I I would try to live around it and make that your motivation. Yeah, that's, you guys are saving every penny. I'd love for you to have like 30 to $40,000 to start this. Like, just in case, like this is the type of thing you open up the wall and then you find out there's mold everywhere. Or you open up the wall And you find out there's asbestos. Like I've, y whatcha trying to do.


I'm only off, I'm only gone off of what I saw on HGTV. You trying to depress her? No, but I trying to help Her. I've seen enough of these home shows. I love homes on homes. No, I Totally, yeah, you're rock. I totally get it. I totally what you're talking about. Oh, she's so happy with herself. She's, she's watched a lot of HGTV watch a Lot of Tv. She's watched a lot of HGTV, But yeah. Yeah. Don't finance it. And the reason is is I, I know where you're coming with this because you, you you were going like this. Well look, it's our kitchen. I mean it is the house where you live in and, But you knew that getting into it. Yeah. And the finance charge on this adds to the stress. Just avoid this at all costs. Yeah. Get really innovative. Lemme tell you something.


I've read a lot of books on innovation and I'm gonna steal something from innovation to give to you Hailey. And I hope it becomes inspiration as Long as it rhymes. Come on Ken. Innovation To inspiration. I knew it. I it's gonna run, you know, I know. Don't make me do this here. Here's the deal. Here's what we know about the great innovators. They innovated, they created something because of a lack of resources. It was the lack of resources, tools, elements, whatever. That's right. That led them down the process of what we call innovation. And innovation happens best. And most this is a fact when we are limited and we have to then dive deeper into our imagination.


That's right. And I really believe that if you treat this kitchen project like that, like we ain't got 20,000. We ain't got it. We ain't got 50,000. You ain't got it. We got a problem that we gotta solve. How many different ways can we solve this? And next thing you know, you've got an episode of MacGyver. I don't That's right Ken. You're exactly right. We find it time and time again. When people walk the baby steps, when we say, Hey, you're, you now are cutting up credit cards And you have a thousand dollars emergency fund, right? It causes you to think differently. Necessity is a mother of invention. There. It's, And you start to go, okay, what can I do to make this work? You start looking for other options.


'cause we know Ken, that when people utilize debt, A you don't have to be creative anymore. No. That's easy. You can just spend and spend And you tend to spend more Slap some plastic on it. And that doesn't fix anything. No. So I really would challenge you. I think you two can figure this out. And I think on the other side of this, it's gonna be less stress, better marriage, better kitchen. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite And you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade. Look, let's be real. With everything that's been going on, staying on track with your money gets tough between bills trying to pay off debt, saving money. Honestly, it's a lot and I've been there. That's why I'm excited to tell you that Dave RAMSEY and I are hosting a free live stream on January 23rd to help you take control of your money in 2025. Plus, Rachel Cruz and George Kamel are also gonna join us for a live q and a where you can finally get your money questions answered on the spot. And check this out, you could win $4,000 in cash. It's a giveaway. Imagine what you could do with all that money. All you've got to do to enter the giveaway is to sign up for the live stream. That's it. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream and sign up today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, alongside my friend Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number for your call today.


You don't wanna miss our two night virtual event with Dave RAMSEY and George Campbell. It's called Investing Essentials. We did this last year and it was just a huge success. People wanna know about how we teach people to invest because it's overwhelming and confusing to be quite frank. And you can't figure it out in a 62nd reel. But at our virtual event, we're gonna walk you through maximizing your 401k mutual funds. You get the most out of your money. It's the only place to get Dave's personal playbook on real estate investing. And he'll explain how he's made hundreds of millions of dollars in property investments. You can get clarity, which will Give you confidence to invest and build wealth. This is March four and five. It's two night event virtual. So you can watch it from home. Tickets start at $199. Wow. 1 99 on March four and five. Get your ticket today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Or you can click the link in the show notes.


Have I talked about the show notes yet today? No. I'm gonna talk about the show notes. Tell Us If we ever talk about stuff and we talk about stuff. We know you all are moving around. You're on the exercise bike right now or I don't know, some of you're on a snowplow, I don't know. And you hear something, you go, oh I, I can't remember what the URL was. Some of you don't even know what a URL is. Just go to the show notes if you're watching on YouTube, it's right there in the comments right there below the, the video window. And your favorite podcast app, the show notes. Jade, it's a treasure trove. It is a treasure trove. All right, that's all I want people to know 'cause I'm that person. What'd he say? And Stacey's like, what'd you say? And then we went, what'd you say?


Yeah. And we're like, we don't even know what we're saying. Yeah, click the link in the show notes. Don't, don't go All the links. That's all I wanted to say. It's a PSA. Yeah. Good. Alright, let's go to Green Bay was, oh this is exciting because you know, years ago Dave wrote not too long ago, baby steps Millionaires love it. And from time to time we have fun. When baby steps millionaires call the show and tell us their story. So we've got Alyssa who is waiting in Green Bay, Wisconsin, Alyssa, you're on The Ramsey Show. How can we help? Hey guys, thanks so much for having me on the show. So You're a baby step millionaire. I am. Oh my goodness. So You sound young. Oh, I think I'm young. Thank you Jade.


I'm 34. Hey, Come on. I'm 35. Oh my, wow, you really Let me, let me just say Alyssa, it's a baby. 34 is young. I don't care what anybody tells you. Thank you. That's young. Yeah, I, I'm telling you it's young. Wow. It's a Fact. Well that's very exciting. Okay, so tell us your net worth. So it's just over a million. About 1,000,020 thousand. Oh okay. Well nice million Do. That's awesome. And how long ago did you crack the 1 million mark? It happened this fall. Oh that. And there's some ups and downs in there, certainly with the market, but alright, Give us, we're staying above it. Give us the mix of what, what is making up the 1 million net worth? Okay, so in investments, so that's regular IRAs, Roth IRAs, 4 0 1 Ks and our HSA we have 430,000 and our 5 29 for our four children we have 42,000, we have about 480,000 in equity in our home, which will be paid off here soon.


And about $68,000 in cash. Nice. Alright. Yeah, so I love this. I mean just hitting that 1 million mark and I love how it's spread out. This is real everyday people. Yeah. Are you actually in Green Bay or in surrounding area? Surrounding areas? Appleton, which is 25 minutes out of Green Bay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Gotcha. I love this because a lot of people think a network, like when people say, oh I'm a millionaire, or this person has a million dollar net worth, Alyssa, they think it's, they they earned a million dollars or they made a million dollars in a year and people forget that your home equity is part of that, right? Like for you it's cash savings, your 5 29, your retirement.


I just love this picture. It is, it makes it feel so, yeah. Accomplishable. Well You'll notice none of it's inherited at all. You've just been building it up and at a very young age as we like to point out. What's the, what's the income, household income? 2024 we topped out at about $300,000. Very Nice. Where, where'd you start? Yeah, We were married in 2013 and we started around 1 25. Nice. As a Household. That's a good start. What do you guys do? Yeah, My husband's a high school teacher slash some like administrative duties and I am a pa a physician assistant. Wow. Very Process people.


Interesting. And GPA in college for both of you? Oh my goodness. My undergrad, I was probably pretty good like a three seven and then in grad school closer to like a 3.0 Just tough, tough. Good For you. My husband probably did better than me. He was probably closer to like a four. Oh. In his Education. Well I don't, I don't like people I think. How much, how much did like having a plan for your money, having a budget for your money, how much do you feel like that played into you guys being able to accomplish this? It was everything, Jade, honestly, I, I will go back and say like we got, someone gave us the total money makeover, we got married and I like looked at the book and said like, oh this is not us.


I was like one of those classic people who didn't think like school debt was real debt. I was just like, oh that's good debt. And then I picked it up a few years later and that's when everything changed. Just being intentional. 'cause we were never bad with money. We were never like super reckless or anything, but we were just super intentional. And now for the last probably five years, we have our EveryDollar budget that we're always looking at. And I think one thing I wanted people to really know from this call was we don't, like, we don't live in a cave either. Like we don't, you know, Dave always talks about like, were you like collecting winds and dust in a cape? No. Like we have a budget but we have a healthy income and we very healthy, we still get to do really like fun things.


Yeah. And, and save and pay off our house. So yes, we were like very aggressive with some things, but we've also been super intentional and definitely the budget and the program and just being, being motivated by things bigger than us was a big part of our story For Sure. And I love it Sounds like you're still working to pay the house off. So I love the idea that you're a baby steps millionaire. It doesn't, again, it doesn't mean that your house is paid off and you're living in a million dollar mansion. Like this can look a lot of different ways and each of those ways is extremely, extremely successful and aspirational. Very, very good. Yeah. Very cool. And you really be you.


I was gonna ask you, what advice would you give to somebody that young couple like you, but I feel like you just gave the advice in telling us what you all did. Yeah. But I, but I would ask, you told us what you did, but is there a mindset that you would describe for, for young couples that are listening or watching right now and hearing your story and they're going, man, 34, they just crossed the Millionaire Line not too long ago. They started out at 22. What, what, what would you say about mindset? Right. I think that's everything. I, I would say start, you know, have you, you're not gonna reach a goal that you don't set. So I think having a goal is, is like number one.


And I think we always talked, my husband and I always talked about we have to understand as a couple what we want. Not what I mean you can look at social media And you can even like talk to friends and everyone's gonna have their things, right. So maybe you love going out to eat or you love vacationing. You can't love at all. I mean you can, but you can't spend your money on at all. That's right. Choose. Choose what you're gonna spend your money on and then, you know, don't spend money on other stuff just 'cause other people do. Like we don't, we don't spend a lot of money on clothes and I don't judge other people that do. We love to go on vacations. Yeah. So we love, you know what I mean? What Kind of cars you guys drive? Really crummy ones. Really? I have A C Well how crummy are we talking about?


2013 Kia Sorento. Alright, That's not very bad. That's Not bad. That like 130 miles, a thousand miles on it. And a 2016 Kia Sedona. That's my minivan. You are like Salmon. I, you guys are driving, I drive a 2013 Cadillac. I think he drives a 2016 Yukon and the miles are about the same. Yeah. And they're not Crummy forever. And that's Yeah, I know they're perfectly fine for us. They're Fine for us, But yeah, Fine for you're certainly not flashy. Good for you. And they, they're worth probably less than $20,000 together. So Right. So what did you do? That's okay. That moment that you logged on to you know, whatever your app is. Yeah. That moment that you saw your real estate value And you, you kind of calculated it and realized, oh my gosh, we made it.


Yeah. What did you do? How'd you celebrate? I was like, whoa. So I talked to my husband but then we actually have some best friends who are the same age as us and is like, she is my like RAMSEY person that I talk to about all this stuff and we have such a cool relationship that we can chat about that stuff. So I called her up, they had just reached a million dollar mark. Nice. So we went out for this amazing dinner together. So fun. And it was super fun. Yeah. Love it. Alyssa, thank you so much for calling and sharing your baby steps. Millionaire Story, 34 years of age. Got started. A young couple at 22. Jay. I love it. Yeah, Really fun. You Gotta have friends that you can share money wins with.


Alright, I hear you. You know, I like that. It's good advice. Hey, don't move. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey Dave RAMSEY here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. You. The audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future, money, stress, and marriage and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth and Phoenix in April and May, 2025 tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Now my partner and I here, we were talking earlier in the show and, and, and we talk all the time around the office about this Inflation. Yeah, right in just there is a natural progression of Inflation over time. The Fed just a kind of a quick review here because, 'cause Jake's got a little something to share here today. So teeing you up here because everybody's heard about the Fed. Jerome Powell unfortunately has become a name that everybody knows. Yeah. And, and to his credit, the Fed is attempting, sometimes I agree with him, sometimes I don't.


They are always attempting to keep Inflation in that two, two and a half percent range or so. And when it gets above that, they start paying attention. And this is where we get the monetary policy And you all are paying attention to the headlines all the time when you see are they raising rates, are they dropping rates, all this kind of stuff. So it's always an interesting tension between wages. Are wages going up? Are they outpacing the Inflation? Are they outpacing Inflation? Very hard for that to happen over long term term. So anyway, nonetheless, what do you got here? You got a little something for us? Well I'm just trying to, I'm trying to make heads or tails of all of it. Right. All right. 'cause it's like we knew in 2022 that Inflation was going bananas.


Like we felt it, the numbers were there, the, the data supported what we were feeling was true. But then we started to see Inflation taper off and that's right. We saw wages start to jump ahead, but yet we were still saying, oh it's so expensive out there, it's so crazy. And so my thought was like, okay, what's really happening? Because you know, you're a guy that's following employment, you're following those numbers. And I'm looking at this graph here that I saw that really around March of 2023, a little earlier, wages really did start outpacing Inflation at a decent rate. And I thought okay, that means that we've got a little bit more margin back as American people. Where is this money going? So I started looking around and you know, obviously we feel it at the grocery store, like that's the main place.


People say, oh my gosh, it's so expensive. And around about the time I was looking at this, I saw that NPR came out with the, a grocery study that basically said they followed the prices of groceries from 2019 until today. Okay. They went to Walmart and they picked, I believe it was a hundred different items and they said we're gonna track this over the course of six years basically. And what they found is, on average, out of those items that they tracked, 21 of the items actually got cheaper, 27 products got more expensive and the rest of them basically stayed the same. And when you think about it, you're like, okay, that's interesting.


That's not as much as I would've thought. Like I'm thinking everything has gone crazy, everything's exploding. And so again, I'm like, okay, things have started to taper out what's going on with this money. We're also seeing articles that are saying like people are spending more on their credit card than ever before. But at the same time, like investments are doing better than ever, ever before. Right. So the question is, is there margin and what are people doing with it? Is it true that wages are actually outpacing Inflation? And from your point of view, what do you think about that? Well no they're not and they can't, it's unsustainable. So for instance, if we look, if we look from a macro, so, so real big picture, you know, wages can't outpace Inflation on the regular because it just gets to be too much.


Like you just, and so there's this give and take between wages, it kind of kind of comes up and down. It's a bit of a rollercoaster. So even if you see it at a moment, you're saying it doesn't generally last. It does not. So you don't wanna get into an apples for apples is what I'm saying. The, the conversation, this idea that, well Inflation over the last quarter was this, so wages should have done that. It's not how that works. You're looking at the total, this is kind of a complex conversation and I'm trying to keep it simple. Keep it simple. But you know, you can't, you can't force on companies this idea when you're in an inflationary period. Like we, we had been, if you go back about two years ago and inflation's really, really high, you cannot expect companies to go well because Inflation is up here, I gotta raise everybody's wages because that again, that drives more Inflation, right?


Because when they raise wages, they're raising their expenses, they pass those exp. So you gotta be careful is my point. So this, this, this back and forth and trying to keep that, that's not what you want. What's interesting about this article as you were talking that I saw the reason why people feel and really see it at the grocery store, by the way we saw this talked about in the media leading up to this last election. That's right. That's right. You saw it on M-S-N-B-C, you saw it on CNN and Fox. My point is it didn't matter what side of the aisle, everybody was feeling the pinch on a lot of consumer goods. And this is what's interesting. If you look at 2019, yeah. So this is right before the pandemic.


Remember just kind of a quick history lesson. 'cause this is, this is crazy. It doesn't seem like it was that long ago. No it doesn't. But Here we sit almost five years. We're almost five years to the day. Not quite. Yeah. But five years, a couple weeks when the pandemic really begins to hit the US March. March, yeah. Yeah. That's when it started going bananas. But we now know it was at the Super Bowl. That's Right. That's Right. In Miami. You know we, we nobody knew. Yeah. Alright, so here's the point. So if we're January, 2025, if you go to December, 2019, US prices cumulatively are up 23%. That's where people are feeling it. For instance, a four pound bag of domino sugar now cost $4 and 46 cents.


That's 74% more Than 2019 Compared a dozen eggs, $4 and 90 cents. That's 83% more tied liquid. I could keep going on and on why these are the staples. So when you're buying these every week, these aren't your, you feel it splurges. Yeah. You feel it. So that's interesting. So While this is then that's, that's kind, I mean it goes back to our, our conversation earlier when we were talking about the tariffs and new administration and that sort of thing. If we were feeling it before and it was because of other issues, you know, back then, right now they're saying the prices are up because of, you know, all sort, it could be utilities and insurances for businesses to run.


And so they're passing that on along to the consumer. It could be extreme weather, right. With crops. And so because of that, that price is passing on to the consumer. But then if you add, I don't know, other things coming into this. So you're saying basically what you're saying is no, the consumer has every right to feel this And even if they have they are, It's real. Yeah. So here's what's happened. You can't get all hung up in Inflation cost per month because what happens is you have a large spikes. So back to the quick timeline. This will be helpful for folks. We go into the pandemic, Jade starts in, let's call it 2020, early 2020. And the whole world shuts down. Alright? So in that moment you did have multiple, let's call it storms converging.


Yes. For a massive once in a generation, I hope. Financial storm. Yeah. One the scarcity because we had supply chains interrupted the whole world shut down for a while. Every state was different. Every country. It was like, what are we doing? Secondly, demand did increase a couple months in when people started going, okay, I'm at home. I'm, I'm working from home, but I gotta have food. Remember we saw liquor stores, things spike, they went crazy. So here's what happened. This is interesting. So, so all of that comes into natural economic factors, which makes demand higher and scarcity. And that created an increase. Here's what's this article says. And it's absolutely right big, I'm reading from this article, big price increases are rarely followed by equally big price decreases.


That's right. Well it's like, that's what I wanna tell everybody. They're Not gonna go, it's not gonna go back to what it was. That's the key point. While the Inflation rate has cooled your $4 sugar is here to stay, It's not leaving. That's what's unfortunate. Well that and that's unless You get into depression and very serious recessionary forces that can make those go down. But by and large, if we stay in a somewhat healthy economy, Jade, these prices are here to stay. Yeah. I mean it's like you said, it's gone up 25% but over the last year it's gone up less than 1%. So it's not still climbing good news at that ridiculous rate. Good news, Bad news. Yeah. Good news is Inflation as we see it is cooled. Bad news is companies don't just go, well you know what, for the last five years people have been paying $4 and 66 cents for this sugar and we used to sell it for only $2.


Let's go back to that. They're not gonna Go back. And so there comes in the evil capitalism cries. Yes. And the rub between, and by the way, this is the tension that exists in America today. Absolutely. Is people go, wait a second, you used to charge me this. Yeah, now you're charging me this. Come on, think about it. And so there's the tension. Sam and I went out to dinner. There's the tension and you know, everybody has the menus on the screen now that you do the qr, which I hate. I'm tired of that. 'cause it makes you get your phone out at dinner. Not one of those places. But they figured out that was one of the things that they figured out. This is a lot cheaper for us. Right. And we ain't going back. Yeah, they're not gonna print menus. You know what else they figured out? Go to the coffee shop in my neighborhood.


Sweet little gal makes me a coffee. Then turns the screen and goes, would you like a tip? I feel like going, no, I just want my coffee. Woo. This is the ranch.