
Live From, Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey Personality George Kamel. Joined by the inimitable Jade Warshaw. This hour. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. If you wanna jump in, we'll talk to you about your life and your money. And remember, it's just two people's opinion. Take that with a grain of salt. That's right. And be kind. Let's start off with Michelle in Hartford, Connecticut. What's going on Michelle? Hi. thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? So my question is, should I be contributing more money towards my retirement or paying off my heloc, which is about 160,000 at 3.99% for a year.


Ooh, wow. What caused you to take out such a large heloc? So I purchased a house last year and it needed a lot of renovations. And my plan was to pay it off in cash, which I had and not have a mortgage. Okay. But just in case I took out a heloc, just case I needed a little bit of extra, instead of fixing it up, little by little I decided it was just gonna be cheaper just to do it all at once. and I did. So I went over, obviously over budget and then also I decided to go back to school and take some classes. Oh wow. For a side gig. So that went on as well.


Okay. So that's how I got the heloc. Is it the only debt that you have? Yes. Okay. And are you currently investing, like I, I'm I, I'm basically asking you if you're walking through our baby steps, are you investing 15% of your income now or are you doing any investing? So I was doing the max. I was doing 19% in my 4 0 3 B and then the max in my Roth ira, which is seven something. Okay. So now I decided to try to cut down, stop doing that. And I'm doing 4% in the 4 0 3 and trying to pay down the heloc. But I'm at my age at 56. I'm wondering, is that a good idea? Which I'd be doing because, well, because I'm not contributing to the Roth, my tax don don't have the tax savings and all that.


Well you weren't getting tax savings from the Roth anyways. Yeah, good point. Only in traditional would You? Oh yeah. About the 4 0 3 though. Yes. Is there a tax? But I wouldn't do any of this for the tax savings. That's not what's gonna get you to where you want to go. So do you have any savings right now? Just emergency fund, liquid cash? No, I don't. 'cause I Al I've been, because there's Al always something coming up. That's another thing that I'm, you know, what's your income? Something's breaking about a hundred thousand. Okay. Is just you. Yes. Okay. So, Okay. Rule of thumb, George, we usually talk about if the HELOC is more than half of the value of the home, it goes into baby step six.


If it's less, it rolls you back to baby step two. So this would be a baby step six Yeah. Scenario. Yes. 'cause what's the, what's the home worth? About four 50. 500. Okay. Well the thing it would be with income, 'cause you're making a hundred K, so if the HELOC was like 50 K, we could throw it in baby step two. But because it's such a large heloc, I'm just gonna lump throw you back into baby step four through six here. so what I would do in your shoes though, you're not even there yet because you have nothing in savings and that scares me. Because what happens when an emergency pops up, Michelle, we're gonna go into debt to cover it, aren't we? Right. Right. So we've gotta stop that cycle. so I, what I would do is pause all investing in order to save up a six month emergency fund.


Then we can go back to investing, do 15%, whatever's left over, we start chucking at the heloc. Okay. So even the 4% that the company matches, should I be doing that? Even the 4%? Because you're gonna be there soon. Okay. I mean you make a hundred grand, how long would it take you to get 20 grand saved up if you got real intentional and paused investing? Yeah. Live on 50 KA Few months. Yeah. So we're not talking about six years of not investing. We're talking about 90 days. Okay. And then when you go back to investing, you'll be doing 15% throwing money at the heloc. How quickly could you pay off the HELOC making a hundred K? Let's see.


Probably, I'm thinking a year and a half. I Like that. I like that. That's you living on $50,000 a year And then you can go back to maxing out all your retirement accounts. You'll have catch up contributions and so you've still got, you know, years of, of work to go. You're still young in that regard, right? You said you're 56? Yes. So think about what could be 10 years from now where you retire with no payments and a big old nest egg at, you know, 66 after maxing out for a decade. Okay. So you're gonna be in good shape. Okay. I would just reprioritize the steps. Okay. I just feel like I'm losing out on the retirement part. Like the savings part, you know? Well that's the compounding there. There's part of this equation that at this point you're at the point of acceptance.


'cause the truth is, when you make these decisions, there's a repercussion. And it would be wonderful if I could make a mistake and not have to pay the price for it. But in this case, right, making the mistake of the heloc, I hate to say it, but now because of that you do, you have to pull back on your investing. And so the, there's just, there's a yin and yang to that that can't be avoided. And you know, you just have to accept it for what it is at that point. But truthfully, what George and I are telling you is the best way to get a hold of this and still be able to build wealth and you know, you're paying off the, the debt to build wealth and you'll still be able to do all of that. Okay. Hope That helps Michelle. And is there any way to, to, yeah, it does. It does. Is there any way to tell at my age, like I've heard different things. Like I'm behind retirement, I'm okay with retirement.


Like I don't really understand how much I should have at this Point. How much do you have? 700. 700,000? Yes. Well if you think about it this way, there's something called the rule of 72. And what that would mean is, you know, if you look at, if we get a 10% rate of return on your money average, so we know it's gonna go down, it's gonna go up. If you follow the rollercoaster though, 10% annual average return, then every 7.2 years your money would double. So 700, if you didn't add anything to it and you got 10% over the next seven years, it would become 1.4 million. Okay. And that's without you adding a dime, which we know you're gonna start maxing out. And so that tells me you're gonna be just fine. You're gonna have zero debt.


Right. With probably closer to $2 million when all is said and done. Okay. So I would say you're on track, but I also wouldn't get comfortable just yet, Right? No, no, not at all. Okay. Well thank you so much. Yeah. thank you for trusting us with your call. All right. Should we try another Jade? I don't know George. What We got a minute in some, let's talk about, let's talk about mistakes and repercussions. Okay. Because we do hear that, you know, sometimes people call in and the the, they're telling us the error that they feel they made and how can they get back on on track. And it's our job to help them get back on track. But then you can't help but look in the rear view and go, but if I do that I'm missing out on. And a lot of times it is the feeling of I feel like I'm going backwards to go forward.


You're telling me to pause my retirement, you're ta telling me that I've gotta possibly sell a vehicle, possibly downgrade in home. That feels like Punishment. We generally only want to think about opportunity cost when it'll benefit us. That's right. But not when we go into $160,000 of debt. Because if you think about opportunity cost, it could be, well, if I avoid debt, I'll have all of my income at my disposal to max out retirement and retire early. But instead we go, yeah, but I want this thing now. Yeah. I want instant gratification versus delayed gratification. So opportunity cost just helps you think through, if I put money toward this or if I go into this debt, I can't put that money toward this next thing. Yeah. That car payment can't also be invested.


That's Right. And it's a cautionary tale for anybody listening, you know, it's best laid plans. And her mind, it was like, I've got the money, but just in case I'll pull out this loan. And before you know it, it's like, you know what? Getting my education sounds like a great idea. Yes. aie student wants. And so before you know it, you've gotten off track. And the the hard part is when you make a choice, it has a repercussion. We Love doing math too when it comes to investing, but never when it comes to what our debt is costing us. That's right. That's right. Through interest through our income robbing us of our future. And so you gotta think about this, the time to do math is before we go into debt, not after when we want to keep justifying our behavior. That's right. And the good news is it's not too late. It's never too late to make your situation better it to make some positive progress in the right direction.


That's Right. Whether you're 26 or 56, it's possible to turn it around. This is The Ramsey Show


These days. It's not If your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt, then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. You call up and we'll try to give you the right next step for your life and your money. Marcus has chosen to do so over in Denver. What's going on Marcus? Hey, how's it going guys? Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. What's going on? Hey, so recently engaged. We are going through some premarital process, some workbooks and some finance questions that I'm not sure entirely what to do. I know the rule is when you get married then you combine your finances. I currently have about a hundred thousand dollars saved up for a down payment on a home. She has about 80,000. My fiance has about $80,000 in student loans and 10,000 on a car.


so I know I could, I could pay that off instantaneously when we get married and kind of push the house down the road. She's not necessarily totally on board with that. I'm just not sure what to do with that. When, when we say the ideas, Why do you think she's not on board with it? Is it guilt? Yes. Yeah, it definitely is. You know, she, we've both worked very hard and she knows how hard I've worked to, you know, get out debt and save up for money and it, it's kind a little bit guilt ridden that, you know, she, I give up all my, the cash rate safer down payment just completely into her. You know, there's a part of that that is very real. My husband and I faced that and you know, he felt bad that he had more student loans than I, but there's part of that that you kind of, if you put it in any other term as far as cleaning up a mess ahead of time, any other personal mess, you can't make perfect before you get married.


Do you know what I mean? Absolutely. You, you don't feel the obligation to fix it completely yourself before you come to them. Like, we're imperfect people And, we make mistakes. And so I think when you frame it in that way of why are you categorizing money in a completely different light than all of the other aspects of our marriage where we're basically taking each other as we are and we're working together to go forward. I think when you put it into that framework, it kind of changes the way you think of it and you're like, oh yeah, okay, that makes more sense. You're taking me with my mistakes, you're taking me with my flaws and we're working together to improve ourselves in our marriage. And accepting Yeah. You know, that blessing of, wow, this person worked really hard to save this money and they're willing to use that to give me a clean slate.


I mean, not to get theological, but that's a beautiful picture of the gospel. It's beautiful. Yeah. We came in with all the debt and he's got an unlimited savings account and he's like, I, got you. Yeah. And it's like, I can't accept this, I need to work for it. Like there's a piece of that that exists and also it's a lot easier to go into a hundred grand a debt versus saving up a hundred grand. That's right. So there's also that piece that she's feeling of, he works so hard for this, but the truth is, if you looked at a cons list of, okay, what she's coming to this marriage with a hundred grand. You look at the pros list her, you know what I mean? Like that outweighs any level of debt, right? And you guys working together, this is gonna be like a blip in your lifetime where you look back and like, oh, remember when we cleaned up that debt real quick and then we started building wealth together and yeah, it delayed our, our home buying by, you know, two years.


Who cares? And big whoop. And so I, I think this is harder for her to grapple than you. 'cause it sounds like you are like, yeah, I'm willing to go ahead and pay off the debt and we'll restart the down payment process. And Then, you know, that's where I'm at for her. I mean, and I hope she does listen to this call. The the flip side of it, which is the pretty obvious is it's way better to have someone who says, oh yeah, it's just money. Like, I'm happy to pay this off and start, you know, my money's your money and your debt's my debt and I'm happy to be one with you on this And. we we're paying it off together with the money that we have once we get married. That's a lot better than having a jerk that's like, no, you gotta pay off your debt. Be I'm not marrying you until you pay that debt.


You know what I'm saying? Like, that is terrible. And if you were like that, she wouldn't accept that either. So it's like If, you have to choose between A and b. I'm choosing a with flying colors. All right, well you know how those guys roll. We we're very direct and to the point, so I'll try to frame it a little bit more differently. So Have her watch this call. Yeah. Also, I I'm wondering what will your household income be once you guys get married? Once we get married a year's time, I'll, I'll gross two 20 and she'll be about 55 to 60. So nice. Ding ding, ding my friend. So think about this mathematically if you want help her out, just go to a piece of paper napkin math and go, all right, we're gonna pay your debt down. Leaves us with 10 grand. We still need a little emergency fund maybe. Okay, we make 2 75 at that point.


How quickly can we save up a hundred grand? Probably eight or nine months. Yeah. Pretty quick. And so I think showing her how little of a problem this really is, it's not derailing your home ownership dreams for a decade. Nope. Yeah. You're just taking a step back to catapult forward. Yeah. Okay. Well I'll try to frame it differently. Yeah. Have you guys gone through Financial Peace University as part of your premarital? We haven't. We're we're doing a couple workbooks. We haven't done FPU yet. If I gifted it to you guys, would you go through it? I would pay for it because I, I appreciate your guys' services. Oh, that's so kind. Well, I I can't let you do that today, but you know what you can do, you can pay it forward, you can get it for someone else.


But I'm gonna gift that to you today, Marcus. 'cause I'm, I'm a Marcus fan and I think Financial Peace University is a huge part of premarital counseling. Yes. It doesn't encompass everything with premarital counseling, obviously there's a lot of other pieces, but as far as finances go, I cannot think of a better way to get on the same page, learn that language by going through all nine lessons together. Yeah. 'cause me trying to convince someone else about the thing I'm excited about, I'm like, Jade, you Gotta, I know it's this Guy Dave, he's just like, sell the car. And you're like, what? It's turn what happened. Yeah, I know. Yeah. And then you watch the lessons and you're like, I gotta sell the car. And it becomes your idea versus this thing they threw onto you. Yeah. So that's a very different vibe and that's why I encourage couples, whether it's premarital, postmarital, whatever, go through Financial Peace University if you're trying to get someone on board and it's, it's the most cost effective way to make your marriage better and build wealth together.


I agree. I concur. We nailed it. All right. Alex is in Chicago. Up next. What's going on? Alex? Hi guys, can you hear me? Yeah. Loud and clear. Okay. So yeah, my, my main question is I'm debating whether I can leave my job in December or if I should sign out for another like little group of second shifts for kind of getting a head start on my emergency fund. Okay. So there's no debt. You're working on an emergency fund. Is that what I understand? Okay, so starting in November, I started paying down about $82,000 of debt.


I, it was, it was 72. By the time I started the RAMSEY plan, I had a total of 82. Okay. And now I have 19.4. Nice. And at the end of the year, I should have about 5.5. Okay. And if I quit my job in December, my debt payoff would be the same in February. Okay. But I'm thinking about keeping it for like a head start on my emergency fund, but I'm also like completely exhausted and Got it. Kinda like less Hours. Are you saying just quitting your second job? Are you keeping your full-time job?


Yeah, so right now I work about 52 hours a week. I work 40 and then I work like an extra four hours a week. And this is three times a month for my, so I work about 44 hours and then I work an extra eight. Is it the work or the type of work? Is it the, is it the fact that you have an extra job or is it the nature of the second job? It's more the nature of the second job because I'm a therapist in an acute care setting and it's like a very physical job. And I'm like, What do you make from it? Super tired. What do you make from it? Yeah. So my base pay and my primary job is 4.3 K.


Okay. and I do we, I work weekends on my primary job. So I have 5K with my weekend pay. And then with my second job I do 5.6 and then I do work overtime at my primary job. Five, Six. It's like 5.9. But Your second job is bringing in more than your full-time job. Yeah, No, I'm just explaining that I actually, like, that's my monthly income incrementally as I add on more hours. Oh, so you're making an extra 600 bucks from the side job. Got You. Yeah, it's about two 50 net per shift. and I work about eight shifts every three months.


So 12. So it And go ahead. Oh, I, I'm just trying to understand, just give us really clear what you bring in from the side job every month. Because what I'm getting at, what I'm getting at here is if you're telling me it's the nature of the job that's the problem and it's giving you 1200 extra bucks a month or 600, whatever that is, I'm pretty sure you could probably It's About seven 50. Perfect. I think that you find another job and replace that income. 'cause a lot of times the burnout is not on the, the hours itself. It's the job that you're doing during those hours. It sounds like you've been going hard for a really long time and you just need to change a pace. Yeah. If you did something that was more enjoyable, even less, you'd be okay. Yeah. But I wouldn't just slow down just yet. You're so close.


I know. Keep the gazelle intensity up until you're through baby step three. But I do think we need to shift in the meantime. Just shift the plan a little bit. This is The, Ramsey Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall, Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw.


Listen, time is running out to book your cabin on the Live Like No One Else Cruise. It's setting sale March 22nd through the 29th of 2025. And this is not your average cruise. This is a premium Caribbean. Are you Caribbean? Are you Caribbean? I'm, you've been on a lot of cruises. I I gotta go with Billy Ocean and I. Gotta go Caribbean, queen Caribbean. All right, there it is. We're going to Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, The Bahamas. And this is a top of the line cruise with top of the line people on it. Dave himself has personally sailed on the Holland America cruise line to ensure the ship meets his standards. And y'all don't know this, but Dave is bougie, you know, you know he's all about rice and beans when it comes to get outta debt, but he's living like no one else now. Top drawer. And so this is gonna be a nice cruise. It's all inclusive, of course. Food room service, all of that restaurants are top of the line. World class content. Yeah. And amazing venues. The team has shown us some of the pictures of these venues, pools, hot tubs, fitness center, pickleball, courts A and you'll have the entire cruise ship to yourself with all of your favorite RAMSEY friends. That's right. And you'll probably make some along the way. All the Ramsey personalities will be there with lots of special guests. You don't wanna miss it. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


All right, let's get to the phones. Mac joins us in Memphis, Tennessee. What's going on Mac? Hey, how are y'all doing? Doing well. How can we help? Yeah, so a little bit of preface. I've worked at a company for several years now, small business and almost every, not almost every year I've been there so far at the end of our fiscal year, my boss who wholly owns the company issues bonuses based on how well the company performed our fiscal year. And I've gotten it every year, like I've said now this year, all of a sudden no bonus ever came. There was never any mention or communication of bonuses not going out this year. And then all of a sudden, out of the blue I see that my boss has bought a brand new car.


And that's kind of not really besides the point, I guess. But yeah, so my question is, you know, is that ethical slash can they do that to not issue bonuses and not even communicate it? And then the two punch question is, what's the best way to approach that conversation with my boss? I mean, in my mind I'm picturing Clark Griswold when he doesn't get his bonus. That's exactly how I Feel. Yeah, I literally was about to say that. I'm glad you Did. I mean, I mean that's a, if it's, if you've come to expect it, yeah. It's disappointing if you don't get it. And it's even more disappointing if it wasn't communicated. I could see you wanting that, but at the end of the day, my bigger question is how is the business doing? Because it might be that they're suffering and there's not that profit in order to hand out bonuses as it were.


And so that's my first question. and I also, I think, you know, that you can strike from the record that he bought a brand new vehicle. 'cause that's neither here nor there, but Sure. How's the company doing? Well, I mean, as far as I've been, you know, informed and I'm not in the finance department or anything like that, you know, we continue to see year over year growth every year that I've, I've been there and as far as I can tell, you know, the business seems to be doing well. We recently expanded the office space and blew out a wall and took over the space next door. So anyway, I guess all the signs that I can point to show, you know, Was that part of it is they had to reinvest in the business and therefore the bonuses went toward those goals. You know, I mean, pot potentially. But that being said, I think to someone like myself who's an employee who's not involved in, you know, the big time decisions.


Sure. Like that, you know, here's what I think. You see all these things we're spending money on and then all of a sudden when it comes time that I'm expecting my little bonus, I don don't get it. How Much of a bonus were we talking, by the way? Yeah, Last year it was $10,000. Okay. That's Decent. And what's your salary? 90,000 a year. Okay. So that's a big chunk. I think, you know, you're asking is it ethical? Yes. If, if they want to say we're we don't give bonuses anymore. Yeah. That's their prerogative. I what I think really is the problem here is the communication within the business. I think that's what's really caused an issue here. Because I think if you can approach things with, with people upfront and say, here's what's going on, here's what we're gonna, I mean, I know here at Ramsey it's everything is just laid out on the line all the time.


We're always having staff meetings. It's very clear what the goals are. It's very clear what, what's going to happen. They cover, here's what the profit sharing's going to be next month. Yeah. And so there's no surprises. So really what's happening here, it's just poor leadership. Yeah. Poor communication. It's not unethical. It's not immoral. They could shut the whole business down today and that's their prerogative. That's right. And so, you know, I, I wouldn't get too, you know, get, get an A tizzy over this or take it personally, but I would in your next one-on-one with your leader, say, Hey, can I get some clarity on what happened with the bonuses I noticed that wasn't, didn't happen this year and it wasn't rolled out to the team. And if they can't answer that or they get dodgy, then you gotta go, can I trust this place?


Because if you, if they lose integrity and you lose trust, it's time to go. That's just gonna plant a seed of resentment in your heart. but it could just be, oh dang it. You're right. We should have been more clear about that. And it could have been a, you know, how big Is company the brain? How big is it? About 20 employees. Small business. Oh, So I feel like there would be even more trans, like I could see Things. Yeah. All your coworkers talking about this, this has gotta be the water cooler talk. Yeah. I mean, yeah, this is definitely kind of the water cooler talk. No doubt about it. Interesting. And no one has bothered to ask leadership. Well, so here's the funny thing is we have obviously a management kind of structure, if you will, hierarchy and I approached both the two, you know, upper level managers who both kind of deferred me and said that's a, that's the boss's decision.


I have no say in that. So kind of, and like I said, the business is wholly owned by one individual. So they kind of both just Still 20 employees. I imagine you interact with these with the CEO. Yeah. I mean, every day. Is it Okay, could you set up a meeting with him? Yeah, Just ask for her. Yeah, I mean I definitely could. I think it's just kind of like I said, you know, this is the water cooler talk and I figured I, I think, you know, I would own up and go, listen, advice, this has been floating around. I don't, I don't want this to turn into gossip, but people are going, Hey, what happened here? and I think it would be, you know, a great move for there to be communication around this. Yeah. And it's not in an an, an entitled way, it's just in a, I think for everybody's good.


So there's not, to your point, there's not like chatter about it. And so that, I mean, I understand that we struck this from the record, but the worst thing ever would be for people to be like, and look, he's driving a brand new Mercedes. You know, that's our bonuses right there parked in the front lot. Like that's terrible. That is a recipe for disaster. Terrible. Well, unfortunately, that is the, the reality of the situation. Like I said, we can strike that from the record. Yeah, but you are, you hit the nail on the head there. Yeah. People put two and two together. Well, I hope that helps. Mac, I think this, this comes down to poor communication. Poor leadership wouldn't take it personally. I wouldn't go hiring a lawyer to go after your bonus, but I would at least have the benefit of the doubt of the CEO and management to go, I need an answer.


Yeah. Like, it just, that's not okay that this was basically presented to us as part of our comp plan. Yes. And then just disappeared. And so I would at least go down that road. Next step, we've got Jeremy and Macon, Georgia. What's going on Jeremy? How's it going guys? Good, how are you? I'm doing just fine. I guess the right phrase would be Better than I deserve. There We go. I love it. How can we help? So I have been, listen. Well, I've been listening to the show now for probably a good month and a half, two months, something like that. I have heard of Dave Ramsey and the baby steps and all that for a number of years. and I didn't really start listening and paying attention to it until, like I said, about a month and a half, two months ago.


And then when you really start paying attention to it, if you're new to it, you realize just how poorly you have done and where you need to improve on. Yeah. And, and I think that's a self-evaluation thing of, of understanding that you can always do better. And my wife and I, we've been married for 15, 16 years now, two kids, good paying jobs and whatnot. But we're trying to figure out the right way to do a budget other than knowing what bills that we have and then just eyeballing it as we go each month and wonder where did everything go? Mm. And that's, that's the, that's the biggest struggle right now. It it's like it we're, we're okay as far as bill pay and stuff like that, but it's month to month. Like we're not putting anything back like by people.


We should in savings. So it's okay. Realistically, how do, how do you create a budget? Well, I mean as, as elementary as that sounds. No, it's not elementary at all. It's one of those things that it sounds easy to do when you talk about it, but when you really start to do it, you realize there's a lot of nuance there. So the first question is, I mean obviously are you using EveryDollar, which is our budgeting app? I am not. Okay. I think that's the first place to start because I can tell you from experience, I was a person that did paper budgets. I got the ledger out, I had a notepad, I tried that for a while, then I tried the spreadsheet thing. But the thing with the spreadsheet is it's only on your computer. And so if you want your spouse involved, they have to touch your computer and most people don't want somebody to touch their computer. So EveryDollar is the best way to start.


So we'll make sure to get that to you for free. Yes. And then from there you can actually go onto YouTube. George and I did a It's up right now. Perfect. Where is it? George The Ramsey. Show Highlights YouTube channel. We'll make sure to link it in the description and show notes of this episode. We made a budget in under seven minutes. Yes. On the show And, we did it and it was a ironclad budget and so that'll give you a great start. For anyone watching who's going, it feels overwhelming. Listen if we can do it in under seven minutes. And, we weren't like geniuses, you know, rifling through, we were just going through the process. EveryDollar makes it easy. And, we do webinars, so stay tuned for those if you want even more.


You know, my philosophy on planning and preparing, being proactive is always better than being reactive. We have a provider we recommend that can help you stay prepared for unexpected medical situations. I have a medical emergency kit from the doctors at The. Wellness Company. And guys, lemme tell you, you really should check this out. This is not a simple first aid kit. The medical emergency kit contains doctor prescribed medicines to treat over 30 common and serious medical conditions. Ivermectin the life-saving medicine generic Z-Pak to shorten the duration of colds and flu you feel coming on Amoxicillin for infections, ear aches, strep throat, and pneumonia. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. It's like having an urgent care in your home. Order 100% online in minutes, then fill out the brief questionnaire in your email and your kit ships to your door. Visit urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey and use the promo code RAMSEY for 15% off. That's promo code Ramsey at urgent care kit.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. Alright, Jade, producer James, put this on the desk and this is big news. USA today headline, you need to start paying your student debt. No, really It's time. Yeah, it's funny, the time's nearly up for federal student loan borrowers to start repaying or else they're gonna face credit score consequences soon. If you remember, president Joe Biden last year offered a 12 month on-ramp to repayment so that financially vulnerable borrowers who miss monthly payments during the period are not delinquent and it's not reported to credit bureaus.


The that on-ramp is set to expire September 30th. And anyone who doesn't begin making payments in October, risks a hit to their credit score. So if you just remember, student loans were on pause for like ever for years and years because of covid. And then that finally lifted and it was like, Oh, my gosh, payments are due again. And then as soon as that happened, it, it was kind of passed. But if you're not ready to pay, you don't have to pay yet. You get this on-ramp basically another year where if you don't pay, nothing happens, figure Your life out. Yeah. Get Ready. And again, you can, you cannot defer the the inevitable like it's going to happen. And at this point it's due guys. And Well, the problem is a lot of people, once you start living your life without a certain payment in it, you get used to that.


Just like if you become debt free, you're like, wow, this is nice. I got margin to do other things. The problem here is it's gonna be a shock to a lot of people's budget when that $400 student loan payment is all of a sudden due and they didn't make any tweaks to their lifestyle. Yeah. And their budget. They haven't made progress financially. So you've got to do a budget today, today just to figure out where's this gonna fit in? What do I need to cut? Do I need to go make more money in order to make this payment? And by the way, don't just make the minimum payment you'll be paying on it for 20 years. Yeah. You gotta throw extra at it. So that's where the debt snowball comes into play and all the margin driving activities that we talk about. Yeah. If no payment is received within 90 days, your account will be considered seriously delinquent and it can be reported to credit bureaus.


And so this is really, really important. I like your advice, George. If you don't have a budget, start today. And you know, don't wait around for something else to come and possibly, well what if This off plate plate it again. What if well I'll wait till after the election and see if they give us don't Yeah, please Don't. Don't do that. So anyway, I hate this, but People are hearing us talking about, well it could hurt your credit score. I thought you guys didn't care about credit scores. Listen, we don't care about the credit score as a scoreboard, but the truth is, a bad credit score will hurt you financially. We want you to have no credit score. That's a cool thing to have because you're debt free, but you don't need to not be paying your debt and having to hurt your credit score. 'cause that will hurt your insurance rates.


That will hurt your ability to rent. And so as and if you're gonna buy a house that's gonna hurt your ability to buy a house, the key is to have no score, not a low score. So make sure you pay your bills and if you need help with this debt payoff stuff, keep listening. We are here to help you guys get outta debt once and for all. Yeah. And I, and just, just a quick thing here. I people say, well what's the consequences then if it's not just the, you know, the fact that your credit gets messed up, there is consequences for defaulting on your loan and not only impacts your ability to borrow money, even if you're gonna do something like borrow buy for a house, because we do say it's okay to borrow for a house. So that part does matter. But if you allow that to remain in default for too long, the entire balance can become due at one time.


It's called acceleration. Ooh. And once that happens, you're no longer qualified to do like defer any kind of deferment or any other types of payment plans because you've basically said at that point, we can't help you. And so you don't want that. If that happens, you can lose eligibility for additional federal aid. Not that we would want you to go back into student loan debt, but again, it's reported to credit bureaus and it can take a really long time to be able to purchase or sell things like real estate that bothers you, your tax. And here's the one I think that really will make people be like, no, your tax refunds and federal benefits could also be withheld. Ooh. So If you were like, if you're a person that's like my tax return, that's gonna break me free.


If you don't pay your student loans, they can hold that because Uncle Sam holding that hostage. Yeah. And again, of course they can take you to court and they can sue you. So please get on this if you need help, we're here to help you. We're not mad at you. We just want you to get outta student loan debt because it is holding you back. All right. Let's go to Kaylin in Annapolis, Maryland. What's going on Kaylinn? Hi. so I. More student loan. Yay. A student loan call. How perfect. Yeah. So I, don't have Any speak directly in your phone for me. Kaylin, I'm having a hard time hearing you. Is this better? That's a little better, yes. Okay, so I don't have any yet. I am thinking about getting my BSN, I own a home care agency and I don't need the BSN, but I do want to be able to help my patients as much as possible and be there and work with them.


We have a lot of hospice patients, so I don't need to go into debt for it. My business can pay for it, but it also is gonna be about a hundred thousand dollars. so I was just wondering what I should do. What's the upside for you getting it? You're saying you don't need it in your mind, is it just so that you feel credible or is it, is there a financial upside in any way? I mean, I can absolutely not have to pay more nurses. So when we do assessments, if we get a call from a hospital and they're doing a discharge, I won't have to pay the $75 to have a nurse come out.


I can do that myself. And so if you run the numbers on things like that, or how long would it take you to break even on this? And is that, is it worth it to you? It would take about three and a half years. So about six months after I get my bs NI could have it fully paid off. Wait, if it's gonna take six months to pay it off, why not just wait six months and save it up? Yeah. I thought you said your business would pay for it. I assumed cash. Well, it would take about three and a half years to pay it off and then I would get my BS in in three years. So six months after I get my bsn, it would be completely paid off.


When I, when I was, meaning, when I was thinking about the profitability of it, you were telling me it saves me $75 every time. And so my, my point to that was, okay, how long, how often do you make that money and how long based off of that, that small subset of money alone would it take to pay this Off? How many times a year do you have to make that $75 payment to a nurse? Yeah, I mean it depends. Sometimes we get 10 billable hours a day. Sometimes it can be 15 billable hours a week. So every, it's different. So that's the, that's the numbers I would want you to run out because ultimately you want to go, how worth it is it for me to do this?


Is this $75 something that over the course of a month amounts to $3,000? Or is it something that amounts to $250 and really decide how worth it is that and is there another way that I could recoup that same amount of money that doesn't cost me a hundred thousand dollars? That's where my mind would go. Gotcha. Okay. But either way, I'm doing this debt free when you have the cash and to do it. So if you need to cash flow it, hey, I can cover this next semester and the next semester, and you wanna pay that out of your own business, I still think you should. You're paying it out of your own, you know, you're sort of investing in yourself at that point through the business, right? Is that what we're talking about here? Yeah, absolutely. I'm not planning on taking out the, I'm gonna use some fafsa.


I'm not planning on taking out loans for it. I wanna pay it all in cash. So it would just be an asset for myself for the business to do it on my own and just pay for it as I go. Okay. What does the business make? What is the net revenue per year? And then what do you take home? I am taking it home about 120. Good. And it's about 2 25 to two five each year. So what's happening with the other money? Our employees, so our contractors, our staff and Okay. But I'm saying after, after all paid everyone's paid, paid all expenses.


What is your, your net before you take anything home? About two, two, five to two five. Okay. So there should be a hundred grand laying around each year that you could use to invest in your nursing program, right? Right. Yes. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, I would, I mean, I would do it and just make sure it's cash flowed and if it's something you're passionate about that will eventually help you with this business long term. And remember, you're still trading your time for money. So if it's something where you wanna grow the business and you wanna delegate to other nurses, then just keep doing what you're doing. No need to go through the program. but it sounds like you want to be a part of this. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. I wanna be as hands on with our patients as possible. It's just, it's such a blessing to be able to be there and do life with them.


I love it. God bless our nurses and congratulations on running a successful small business. Very cool. Crushing the game and doing it debt free that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books Thank you to Jade Warshaw, my co-host, all the folks in the booth keeping the show afloat. And you America. Until next time, save intentionally, spend wisely and give generously Before we get to the next caller. I got some good news for you, even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download.


You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app From Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey personality George Campbell joined by the one and only Jade Warshaw. And we're taking your calls at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Be brave, be bold. You call us, we'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Seth kicks us off in Fort Worth, Texas. What's going on Seth? Hi, how are y'all doing Well. How can we help today? Yeah, so basically for you guys, some like background context, I grew very poor.


I didn't have both my parents in the picture and I was homeless like 17. I'm now 19. I live with my friends and their family. and I had a family member that recently passed away and he, I, I didn't know him, but I somehow inherited some land that he had. And I'm roughly gonna get around 120,000 to 140,000. Wow. And basically, I don't know what to do with this money. don don't know. I wanna be able to make sure that it's gonna like make me financially free. don don't know if I should put it into a business. don don't know if I should invest it. don don't know. Like That's what the land is worth. One 20 to one 40. Yeah, but the low end will be like one 20. The high end will be around one 40.


Okay. Are you working right now? Yes, sir. Okay. What do you make? I make roughly around 30,000 a year. What do you do? I'm a delivery tech for a medical company. I deliver like hospitals. Okay, cool. So around here we teach a series of baby steps and it's just kind of to see where you are financially and what your next step is in order to get ahead financially. And so the first question is, I mean, do you have any money saved and do you have any debt? And if so, what is it? I don't have any debt, but I also don't have any money saved. Okay. I've kind of just been living paycheck to paycheck.


Okay. So just let George and I just give you a, a run through of this and you can kind of see yourself in it. So the first baby step would be for people that don't, don't have any money saved to get a thousand dollars saved. And then after that, then they go through and pay off whatever debt they have besides their house. So you don't have any debt, but not really any money saved. Then after that you're saving three to six months of expenses. So you said you make about $30,000 a year. You live with friends. What would six months of expenses look like for you? Six months probably maybe like don don't know, like 10 K, Maybe 10 K.


Okay. I Like that. Do you pay rent right now? I do. Okay. What's your rent? I pay a thousand a month. Okay. And right now we're just, this is just so you can get your, your head around it. You'll go back tonight and you'll really look through the numbers. So your first goal would be, okay, I need three to six months of expenses. Then after that we start talking about a, a longer term strategy. Okay. Am I investing? So you mentioned you make $30,000 a year. Does your job offer any sort of 401k or any way to invest something like that? That's what that would be about. So you can start looking into that and then the baby steps walk on along their seven of them. And at the end, by the end, you've, you've bought a house, you've paid it off in cash.


And so that's kind of the framework that this all rests on. And you've got a nice chunk of money. So typically we'd say, okay, let's walk it through the baby steps and what does that look like for you? Because this is the most money you've ever had. I would suggest that you drop it in a high yield savings account for a minute, sit on it and learn as much as you can about hand, how to handle money. and I. I think being on The Ramsey Show is a great way to start. George, I think we send him Financial Peace University to really get his head around how this can help him and what it means. And it really breaks down the baby steps further for you. And I'll also send you my book, breaking Free from Broke, that'll walk you through this process and what it looks like beyond that, how do you build wealth?


What are some of the investment traps to avoid? Because the problem is it's easy to get starry-eyed when you see a big pile of money and what you could do with it. And you're gonna have a lot of voices in your life telling you, bro, you gotta start a bro, you shoot, be a really nice car. And the temptation is going to be to squander this money. and six months from now, here's what happens with most people that inherit a lot of money, it's gone within six months. and I don't want that for you. so I would sit on the money as long as you can until you're out of the paycheck to paycheck cycle and you feel like you can actually carry the weight of this inheritance. Yeah. And I, if there's anybody that you trust that you, you're like, this person has been a good person in my life, they're a good accountability partner, I'd let them in on what's going on.


Because what my mind goes to, I think about athletes all the time. They, they come, a lot of athletes come from a a, an upbringing that was tough. Maybe there wasn't a lot of money or food in the house. And then they're making this amazing salary and it's easy A $10 million check. Yeah. I mean those folk, they're, they're going broke off of 10 million in $20 million. And so here you are, you you explained, Hey, my background, I'm not used to having money. I've been homeless. And so there's a part of this to George's point that this can feel like a million bucks, but it's not a million bucks. Yeah. And it, you'll be shocked how quickly this money can go. And so we want it to be spent on the right things. and I personally don't want you to leave this call and go, I'm gonna do this 'cause Jaden George said to do it.


I want you to understand the things that we talk about and the things that we teach so that when you do get ready to make a move, and I'm telling you, I think you're gonna make the right move, that you'll know why you did it and it will make sense to you. So financial piece is very important. We'll make sure to give you EveryDollar, which is foundational to everything we teach. A budget is, is part and partial to everything we teach. It is the foundational thing. You cannot manage your money successfully without a budget. And the people that we've talked to that are successful with money, they all have budgets. And so that is something that's so important. And EveryDollar is gonna make it really easy for you, Seth, to be able to see what you're bringing in, figure out what you're gonna spend that money on and create a rhythm in your life that feels comfortable with how you're using your money.


And once you've done that, then it starts, it's time to start factoring in, okay, this $120, $120,000. How can I apply it? You know, what baby step am I on? I've, I've proven consistency here and I think that's what you really need. So Seth, let's talk about your own personal growth. 'cause I'm, I'm more concerned about you going, what is the thing that Seth wants to do? You've overcome so much. Just getting out of homelessness and going, all right, I'm working now. I've got a roof over my head. I'm paying rent. I got my bills covered. I got no debt. But what does, you know, 24-year-old Seth wanna be doing? I'm not entirely sure yet. I was maybe thinking like, with this money, I didn't, I know y'all said to sit on it, but don don't know if I, because I also don't have a vehicle.


so I was maybe like thinking, should I use this to buy a vehicle, like a little cash card to gimme from point A to point b? I like that. Yes. And Then the key is little cash car. We're talking used probably $7,000. Not, and here's what happens. You go in the car lot, they go, oh man, you should get, you deserve this car over here. And it is Brand new. And you know you have the money sitting there too. Yeah. Yeah. So don't tell 'em you got money. Just walk in there. Say, okay, here's my budget. $7,000 out the door. Yeah. Bring, yeah. What do you got? Bring a check for the amount, the max that you're gonna spend. Yeah. And that's gonna also change the, the types of jobs you can get, because you're gonna need transportation if you switch career paths here. And do you want, do you need to go back to school?


Do you need to, you know, get further education to do the thing you want to do? So you're gonna get the kitten caboodle today. I am also gonna send you Ken, Coleman's new book, find the Work you're Wired to Do. It includes an assessment called the Get Clear Career Assessment. I want you to take that, and that's gonna let you start dreaming based on your skillset, what you're passionate about, what you're wired to do, the impact you want to have. and I think that'll get your wheel spinning. Yeah, but I wouldn't go sink this money into a business. No, I would not either. Okay. Hey, keep in touch with us. Call us back. You can call us anytime. And we're here to help you and en engage with us on social media because you need this content in your life. Hearing it one time is not enough. You need this on repeat over and over and over.


Absolutely. I'm thinking 15 to 20 K is your emergency fund. And that next a hundred k, that might be a down payment one day as you grow in your career and you can take the weight of a home. That'd be cool, man. Going from homelessness to a homeowner. He's a winner. That's a cool story. That guy's a winner. I can tell. I'm Root for you, Seth. Thanks for calling. This is The. Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right. We all know. I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student, a graduate student, or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I guarantee you there are things that you loved learning about over the years. Gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us love learning about new things. Anything except about ourselves This fall, I want to challenge you. Become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you get so angry when this happens? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you. It helps you regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about yourself and the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for just about any schedule. All you do is fill out a brief online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. And you can change your therapist at any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp that hlp.com/delony.


Alright, Let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number to call if you want to join the show. Well Jade, our team here at RAMSEY. You know, we've got a, a great kind of blog article section on the site. And they, they put this one out there. Can Young People Buy a Home in 2024. These five millennials proved it's possible. Wow. Very cool. So we all know the article goes on to say, home ownership in America has gotten drastically pricier over the last four years. Median home sales jumped to $420,000. Typical interest rate in a 30 year was hovering around 7%. It's dipped down a little bit since then.


And it says, after all, millennials represented the largest group of home buyers. In 20 23, 20 6% of adult gen Zers even own a home. That's cool news. That is cool news. And here's a story. In 2023, Lopez grew tired of renting, decided she wanted to buy a house near her apartment in the suburbs of Houston. And she said there wasn't any doubt that I could get the number I wanted. And once her savings, she set her savings goal 20% down, which is awesome. On a traditional single family home. They got to work, she dialed in her budget, set up a separate savings account with an automatic transfer every month, and avoided unnecessary spending along the way. Quickly realized her initial goal of buying the single family home was outta reach because the monthly payments would be too big.


A lot of people found this out the hard way. Yes, that's right. As home prices and interest rates jumped up, that same home they wanted was now way out of reach. But the key is you can't give up. And, and she didn't, it didn't stop her. It says she shifted to looking at condos and town homes, both newer builds and fixer uppers, which we say change your expectations. Mm. And after continuing to save for a little longer, she started working with a Ramsey trusted real estate agent and bought her first house in March of 2024, Just a few months ago. You know what's cool, Jade? We actually have Angela on the line. Oh. Because our team, we interviewed her for the story. We said, can we get her on the show? Angela, are you with us? Yes, I'm here. Love It.


How's our favorite homeowner doing? I'm doing great. How are y'all? Is it all it's cracked up to be? How has it been the last, you know, six months of being a homeowner? It's been all right. You know, we've had some challenges, but I am in my home and it'll eventually get to where I want it to be, but not today. Well, tell me about that, because, you know, we've talked to a lot of people on the line who, again, it's this expectation shift that has to happen. 'cause the, the truth is the numbers aren't what they used to be. And in this article it says, your quote is, it's not pretty, but I have a home I can afford in a nice part of town, I'm not going to be renting anymore and I'm actually building equity. I don't regret it. So tell us about that.


Tell us about what your initial picture was and then what you shifted it to and why it's worth it. So initially I did want that traditional single family home. That was kind of the dream. But once I started actually looking around online, I realized that I wasn't gonna be able to afford that. so I did start switching to looking at town homes and condos. And then I still realized that I wasn't gonna be able to have everything that I wanted. so I had to decide, you know, do I want something that's updated and smaller than I want? Do I wanna live in the part of town that I want and maybe not get everything else? so I wanted, so I had to decide what was truly important to me, which was living in a decent community in a good part of town.


So, location, location, location. And you went, I'm willing to make other sacrifices and compromises, but location is the one thing I'm gonna focus on. Yes. So you, for you force ranked your priorities there, tell us, give us what was the full timeline of this from the moment that you were like, I want to dig into this, to the fact to, to it actually happening. I was probably saving for about three years. I got really serious about it in 2023, and that's when I set my number goals. I hit my goal at the end of December, 2023. so I started looking online around then, I think I got my real estate agent in January.


And. we made the offer in February and closed in March. Wow. That's, and that was using a Ramsey trusted agent. Yes. That's amazing. So for me, I, I think the, the glaring thing here is three years feels like a longer time. Like we, I don't think I will The world exist in three years. Yeah. Depending on who's in the White House. Jade, we don't know. Listen, George, you say it all the time. It's, it's a microwave world and a lot of things, it's more like a, a crockpot if you want it to actually happen for you. And so talk to the person who is really afraid of a longer timeline and doesn't is is wondering, well, if I wait longer, the the finish line, the goalpost is just gonna keep moving. Right. Talk to that person because you walked this out and you weren't afraid of a long journey.


Yeah. I mean, the time is gonna pass anyway. Right. And who knows, maybe in at the end of that timeline, you're gonna be in a better position than you were when you started. That's how I was, you know, I'm making more money now. I could afford something better than I could have if I had brushed it and jumped the gun and tried to buy, you know, two years ago. Hmm. Yeah. Very good. How, how did you get over the hump mentally? Because at some point, you know, you're shaking your fist at the clouds, you're angry, you're frustrated, you're cynical. How did you get over that to just go, fine, I'll eat my vegetables and I'll compromise and get a town home. It wasn't a huge hump for me to get over personally.


I kind of just like to go ahead and do the thing and get over with and, but it wasn't fun having to give up certain things that I had dreamed about. But, you know, I'm, I'm still fairly young. I'll get there eventually. Yeah. Yeah. The article said you're 31. Is that still true? I turned 32 over the summer. Nice. Congratulations. And single. Yes. Nice. Wow. So just to show you like a 3-year-old single woman in America today, Houston, Texas Can become a homeowner. Yeah. And Houston, you tell us Houston is a big area, like that's not Oh yeah. The middle of nowhere by any means. So you're, you're in a, a metropolitan area or a suburb of that. So really good.


Can you tell us what the house costs and what you put down to help people get an idea of what they would need to save? It costs one 70 and so I put down 34. Wow. That's amazing. So this is a great example, Jade, because people go, well, the median house price is 420 grand and I go, yeah, that's the middle. Which means half of the homes in America are cheaper. Yeah. And so Angela, you didn't go, well, I need to get a $500,000 house for my first home as a single woman. You said, you know what, I can buy a more affordable town home that's a little further out than I want. That's not as new as I want, but it got, it got your foot in the door. Yes, it did.


And being single definitely was a challenge. You know, there's only one income to try and make that goal. So once I accepted that, then I was able to adjust my expectations and get it done. Yeah, It's really a great picture of, I, I was saying it a lot back when real estate was really getting crazy and it was really heating up that, you know, property is a ladder and, and it's real estate is a ladder you, and a lot of times we wanna be at the top rung immediately, but it's like, no, you start at the bottom and you buy something, you get your foot in the door and you get on that top rung and then you're like, okay, I can sell it. I make a profit and now I can take the next step up the ladder. and I think that you're a really, really good picture of that.


This is just the first step on the ladder for you. and I think that if you call back in 20 years from now, it's gonna be amazing for you. So, Absolutely. And I got one more question, Angela, just to get your reality. A lot of renters are going, well, why wouldn't I just go buy a place I'm paying two grand in rent, I'll just get a two grand mortgage and call it a day. What has the reality check of home ownership been like for you as far as expenses and maintenance and repairs? Well, over the summer I ended up having a leak in my AC condenser drain. Ooh. That cost me about a grand to get fixed. and I still haven't, you know, completely repaired the drywall. There's still a gazing hole in my drywall. So things are gonna pop up, things are gonna happen. And it's already been obviously a little more expensive than I would've been if I had been renting.


But I had money set aside for that. So, you know, good, I'm okay, but something's always gonna come up, isn't it? Yes. Yeah, it is. Absolutely. And just a good picture that it's not apples to apples. It's not necessarily cheaper rent is the most you'll pay and that mortgage is just the beginning. but it is a huge blessing to be in a home that you can say, I worked so hard, I earned this thing. It's gonna be mine. I'm gonna renovate it to my liking over time with cash. And then who knows, you know, with millennials these days, Jay, they're we're moving every four years. So who knows Angela, where you'll be four years from now. That's right. But you're, you're on the path making money and you just disprove this whole idea that it's impossible to buy a home in today's America. There's Hope we see it.


Angela showed us that it's actually not impossible. There's a way to do this. It might be a longer timeline, but it's happening. Thank you so much for joining us, Angela. And if you wanna check out that article, Can Young People Buy a Home in 2024, these five Millennials Proved. It's possible we will link it in the show notes and description of today's episode. Highly recommend you check it out and share it with a friend to give them some hope. That's really what I feel like this year. We all just need a little hope. Good News. I know that's right. I know that's right. If you're not talking about hope, I ain't listening, We're done. This is The, Ramsey, Show. I know you work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget.


And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make in its little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey so you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today. This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw, aaa eight two five five two two five is the number to call. Josh is up next in Chicago. How can we help you today, Josh? Hey, how's it going guys? Doing well, how are you? Good, good retirement.


Question for you guys. My wife and I are on step four, five and six and she is a teacher investing, or I guess contributing if you will, a mandatory 9% to the pension program that they have Now, I guess initially my, my thought is, okay, we'll just invest another 6% to get her to 15, but with the variables that go along with that pension, I'm curious if we might need to be investing actually a little bit more than that. What are the variables? Well, so the, the variable, the first one is, I believe the, the, the first tier is 25 years in order to get the full, the full pension.


But you have to be 67 and every year earlier than that it actually reduces 6% until 62. So you're saying she has to work for, let me make sure I understand that. You were saying to get the full amount, you, she, she's gotta work for 25 years and you would get it at a, at a minimum age of 67. Is that right? Correct. Okay. And then if you wanted to take a partial pension, you can at 62, but it's, it's gonna be at a 6% per year decrease from the age of 67. So if you're 63 6% for what, three years, four years, Is there ever an option for a lump sum?


Just curious. I'll be honest, I don't know. Okay. Back to your first question about the percentages. So generally we think about about a percentage, you could maybe count it as partial, like if you're doing 9%, maybe cut it in half as you're trying to get to your 15% and because you don't have as much Yeah. They perform poorly and she has no control over it. Yeah. Unlike a 401k where you can control the investments. So we would just count that at half. Yeah. So if she's, if mandatory is nine, we're gonna say that's 4.5%. So she should contribute another 11.5% to get to her 15. Got it. Okay. That, that's kind of what I was thinking.


Not necessarily directly exactly the percentages you guys were thinking but more, more into an IRA more into an, you know, additional investing. Does she have any other retirement options Within her school system? No, but she does have a, a Roth IRA that she is been contributing to regularly. Okay. And that we plan to keep going with that. Yeah. That might get you there depending on what her income is and what 15% looks like of your household income. But yeah, that's the, the pe the problem with the pensions are, you know, the, there's really no control and what you see over time is if you can make 10, 12% in the market, you'd be lucky to get 6% in that pension when you actually look at the rate of return.


And so that's the, the upside is, hey, we get money for a long time when we retire. So it sounds like you guys are younger though. How old are you? 2 31. Oh My goodness. You're gonna be unbelievably wealthy if you're already on this track. Yeah. Hey I, have a question. And this is just for my own knowledge. So teacher's pension, if god forbid something happened to your wife, do you still get the full, like what happens? Everything has to be in place. Like I have to be a, a beneficiary and everything has to be filed. But yeah. And to my knowledge I do get like Are there survivor benefits? Yeah. Maybe at a lower rate. Yeah. I don't, I, I'll be honest, I don't know the exact rate, but I do know that there are survivor benefits.


Yeah. Okay. In, I've always been interested to know that, especially when you framed it up as like the 25 years age 67 goes down to partial. That's that's very interesting. Yeah, I would, my thing is like if I'm investing the money, gimme all my money. You know what I'm Saying? That's common sense. It's not how the world works. And you've got some retirement options, Josh, through your employer? I do, yeah. I have a traditional and Roth 401k and then I have a, a Roth IRA outside of that. Awesome. And what's your household income? It varies but I guess if you base it off of our base Aries, it's about one 10. I think we're on track to, with my commission about one 50 this year. Amazing.


I mean if I'm in your shoes, don don't know if we said this, I would not, knowing what you have at your disposal, I would not go beyond the 9% in that pension. I'd be looking at all of those other areas to max out your 15% as a Yeah, it doesn't, A collective doesn't to be, she does 15 and I do 15. Yeah. Might, you know If you have better options. It's okay to say Hey, we're gonna shovel more into my Roth 401k for example. Yes. And we'll get to that 15. Yeah, if you can max out your Roth 401k, then she does a Roth ira, you do Roth ira. Like anything to avoid putting more than 9% into this pension is what I would be doing. Awesome. Thanks guys. I appreciate It. thank you. Great question. I'd rather do a bridge account. Like I'd rather do.


I know, I just don't like someone forcing me to do something. Yeah. That kind of sucks. Exactly. If you're gonna force me to do something, it better be, make it amazing. Alright, Amanda's up next in Milwaukee, how can we help Amanda? Hi. Just wanna say first of all that listening to you guys has changed my life. I'm on baby step two and killing it, doing that. Awesome. I'm excited to be debt free, but my parents don't really have any financial skills. They're 63 and 65, both still working and kind of no plan in sight for retirement. I don't know that they really have much saved and still when I go to visit them, there's always an opportunity to spend money.


So, oh, let's go grab coffee or let's go grab dinner. And I've been really, well, I've tried to been really clear with them setting boundaries saying, you know, that's not in the budget. They know that I am doing the baby steps. And You're saying for you it's not in the budget. Sorry, You're saying for you it's not in the budget. Not for them. Yeah. Okay. Correct. And I'm saying, you know, that's not in my budget. I am not looking to spend money this trip, you know, just wanna spend time with you guys. And in my opinion, they don't really have the money to be spending on these kind of frivolous things either. and I am a pretty direct person and I've tried to voice my opinion, but it's not getting through.


And I'm just curious your guys' thoughts on how to navigate these boundaries. Well, what's actually happening here is your parents aren't respecting the boundary line and they keep going over it, which is going to continually hurt the relationship. So have you been clear that, hey listen, you guys are, you're overstepping here. I've told you I'm not gonna go do this thing when I come over ahead of time before you ever get to your parents' house, do you say what are the expectations for the evening? Or do you show up? And then it's kind of this weird conflict, but, but Usually before I go, you know, if there's like, if we're going to the county fair or something, I'm saying I'm happy to go, but I'm not going to be, you know, buying things or grabbing food at the vendor or whatever.


You know, I can still go and stay within my budget that I have for myself, but you know, I'm not gonna go to Starbucks with you. Like that's not in my budget. And that's kind of set ahead of time. And then there's still usually a, oh, do we wanna go to dinner? And then when I say that's not in my budget, they offer to treat, which I don't want Because you feel bad. 'cause you know they're not in a great financial position and you're like, don don't want them putting this on the credit card and now I'm a part of their misbehavior. Interesting. Exactly. Listen, the hardest part in the world is when you want somebody to change, because they're not, you can't make them change. All you can do is control yourself. And then the next frustrating part is I'm trying to control myself and you're trying to push me in another direction.


It's difficult. Yeah. You're gonna have to, it's one of those things where you can only say it so many times and then you're just gonna have to accept a part of this of they might continue to just do the same thing over and over again. And then in those moments you can kind of, I'm gonna tell a kind of a funny story here. There wasn't a election cycle one year where my mom couldn't stand one of the candidates. And every time she'd call me, she'd be talking about this candidate. and I was like, mom, don don't wanna talk politics, I don't wanna do this. And I finally told her, I said, if you call me and you mention this candidate, just know I'm going to then end the conversation in the next minute. Sure. and I, just let her know if you violate this boundary, I love talking to you on the phone, you're my bud.


Like, great, but if you do this, I'm gonna terminate the conversation and don't get mad. You know? So it's almost like you have to set the next thing in motion of mom, dad, sure, I've asked you to do this, I get it. You're gonna be you, you're gonna invite, but just know if you invite me, here's what I'm gonna do next. And I'm just letting you know ahead of time. So you're just communicating whatever that, I don't wanna say consequence, but whatever that effect is when they violate that boundary and then you go about your business, you're like, I already told you I don't have to feel bad about it, don don't have to feel guilty about it. and I would also encourage you to focus on, try not to focus on their financial situation because you, again, you can't change it. Just focus on your own. Focus on doing right and let the chips fall where they may.


And hang on, we're gonna send you an article from Dr. John Delony on How to Set Boundaries seven Simple Steps. And we're also gonna link it in the show notes and description for you guys. I found it very helpful for my own life. This is The Ramsey Show


Listen tickets for the live like no one else, cruiser selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation and I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number to call if you want to join.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So when you're delinquent Nana and Uncle Joe, they're drowning with you. But there is a way out and it is Why Refi. They refinance defaulted private student loans that other places won't, and they give you a low fixed rate loan that is built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be available in all states.


Okay, Today's question comes from Kayla in North Dakota. She says, I have $36,000 in debt between credit cards and a car loan. I earn $55,000 a year. and I was wondering if you could help me out with this situation. I'm aggressively attacking my credit cards to the point of paying them some of something on them every single week. The problem is I get anxious to get them paid off and send more than I have in my budget. Ooh, I've been there, Kayla, then I don't have any money. So I have to use the cards to get through the rest of the week. It's draining me mentally. How do I stop this habit? Woo. I have been there. Kayla I have been in your shoes. It is the most frustrating thing. You're so excited to work the baby steps, George, you get that paycheck, you're like, I'm putting all of it on debt, like doubling Down and you're like, wait, I have to eat too.


Yes, it happens. and I think what happens here is you're, you're, you're gung-ho you're ready to go. But you've got to, you've gotta make sure that it's in the budget. So here's the thing.


EveryDollar has an amazing, an amazing EveryDollar premium has an amazing feature. It's called paycheck planning. You need it. And the reason you need it is because it stops this right here from happening because you're able to go through and go, okay, with this check that I get on the first, I know don don't get paid again until the 15th. So with this check, here's what I can do. I can do this, this, this, this and that. And you can go in and write, you know, put in those line items and say, this is the date that I'm gonna pay it. And you can include things like extra payments if you're thinking, man, I'd really love to make an extra payment here. And then you can plan your next check. Okay, I get the next check on the 15th or 16th, here's what's left in my budget. And it will tell you, hey, if you do it that way, you're gonna go over budget. High risk of overspending will tell you High risk. That's what it'll say. High risk of overspending. And so it's almost like a puzzle, George, that you kind of scramble and say, okay, let me put it in another order. And then if you put it in another order, it says, Hey, if you make that extra credit card payment with that first check, unless you move groceries or unless you move your cell phone payment, you're gonna go over budget. So it's gonna allow you to see where do I put these puzzle pieces in in order to make this work. Now for me in general, I'm kind of the person, like I make the budget, I'm tracking my transactions as the month goes so that I'm, I know that I'm staying on par with what I said I was gonna plan. And then at the end of the month, once I've satisfied all the minimum payments and I see this cushy, nice amount of money of margin, then I'm like, yes, I'm about to destroy this debt. 'cause I know I've satisfied everything that needed to be paid. That's mandatory and that is important for the household for that month. So that's what I do. You've just gotta kind of just sit on your hands a little bit until, you know, pump the brakes. Yep, pump the brakes.


And two more helpful tips that are real practical. number one is have a buffer in your checking account. So don't run it down right to the edge to $0. Have I Used to do that too? George? Have, Have two or 300 bucks in there where you go, this is my line. I do not go below $300. That is the new zero, George, because that's where she's running into here. You're dropping real facts. Let me tell you, I guarantee there's a lot of people out here who don't have a cushion. I'm, I'm embarrassed to admit how long it took me to realize that zero based budgeting does not mean $0 in the account. Like no wonder Sam Warshaw would be just sweating all the time. You'll be paying 350 bucks in overdraft fees every year by doing that. Yes. That We were, we were those people, we were the people who said, I'm gonna work the baby steps.


I'm gonna put every dime towards debt and still paying overdraft fees and not understanding what's happening here. What, what, where, where are we missing the boat? And it is, it's the cushion, it's planning individual paychecks and it's just having a little bit of patience to go when it's time to make this payment, the money will be there and it it is going to happen. It just may not be on this particular day. Yep. And the other piece here she said is I have to use the cards to get through the rest of the week. Uhoh No, you don't cut the cards up shopping. It's, it's hard to use the drug when you don't have access to the drug. Yeah. And so I think that happens with credit cards, it's still in the back of our mind that it's a safety net. And when you cut that safety net, you go, I'm gonna make different decisions.


Yeah. I'm actually sticking to this budget 'cause I don't have another option. Burn the boats. Burn the boats. That's what you're doing. So cut up the cards, you can close the account and just, you still gotta, you pay the debt, but you can tell 'em, Hey, I wanna close this account down. I'm working on paying it off. Yeah. So hope that that helps. Great question. Helps you, Kayla. Good, good stuff. And if you guys wanna check out that EveryDollar budget, Jade mentioned you can download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. All right. Jordan is up next in St. Louis. What's happening Jordan? Hi, how are you guys? Doing well. What's going on? Good. So my question is this, my wife and I in kind of the height of all the real estate craziness purchase a house.


And so we're at a 7.5% interest rate right now. Obviously they've come down and people keep saying they're gonna continue to come down. So my question is, is it worth refinancing now to drop it and paying, you know, all the closing costs and then if it just continues to go down, just repay the closing costs again? Or is it smarter to just kind of hold off and see if the Fed continues to drop rates or what? What would you guys recommend on that? I wouldn't, I wouldn't be in a crazy rush. I wouldn't be like, Hey, you gotta go out today and do it because here's what's gonna happen. The rate by the end of the year probably gonna go down again and the next year could go down by another point by the end of next year. and I get that, you're paying all this interest on seven point half percent. And so what I would do though is, you know, you can call our friends at Churchill Mortgage and they'll crunch the numbers right there for you and go, nah, doesn't make sense.


It's gonna take three years to break even. Or, or you might realize, hey, going from seven and a half to a five and a half on a 15, no that's serious savings. 2% in my monthly payment, I'm gonna save this much in interest and based on closing costs, we'll break even on this thing a year from now. And so, you know, we don't know all the numbers to crunch, but I would at least get some info on that to give you some peace. True. What are your thoughts, Jade? Listen, I I agree 100% with George. If I were in your situation, I think for me, I'd, I'd wanna see, obviously the Fed doesn't directly affect mortgage rates, but there's some correlation there. so I think that that's in our favor right now. We saw mortgage prices drop, I think, but they kind of went up again slightly again.


And so, But the, the day the fed cut, the rate the mortgage rates actually ticked up. Yeah. They ticked Up a Little bit. So it's not a direct, you know, connection. There's sort of a lagging indicator there. They tend to move in the same direction. That's right. And so it, it likely will continue to go down. I don't have a crystal ball of Jordan. Right. So we can look back at this clip and laugh at how stupid I am. True. But I, I'd wait for after the election though, at least I, I wanna know what's gonna happen. Like I feel like there's a lot of uncertainty in the air and for me, this is just Jay talking. I would want to just let things settle a little bit so I can go, okay, I'm not acting out of Oh, in any sort of way I'm acting out of Yeah, it's cool man. Let's go. So that's, that's how, how I am.


Okay. Yeah. Perfect. I, I really appreciate it. thank you guys. Absolutely. And we've got a whole hub, Jordan at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate, including resources about refinancing. We've got a whole blog articles that'll help you crunch the numbers, do the math, all the things to think through, links to all the resources and tools and services and people that can help with this. Whether you're looking to buy, sell, refinance, invest, whatever it is, our team built a really great free hub with tools and resources. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate and we'll put a link in the description as well. George, Tell us right now, let's pretend. Okay, your mortgage rate's 7.6%, what are you doing? Hurts. Hurts my heart. What are you doing? Tell Me in my Life. No, no. Yeah. Tell me your, tell me your Course action.


I'm a nerd so I'm always crunching the numbers. I'd be on the phone with my friends at Churchill going, Hey, can you actually show me how long it's gonna take? 'cause I know we're gonna be in the house this long. Okay? It's gonna take me a year to recoup based on closing costs, but I can save this much my monthly payment because you Don't wanna do it again. Like you don wanna, you don't wanna turn around and be like, oh yes, they're down, I'm refinancing. And then February comes and you're like, ooh, another yes. Half point. What does, what does the point does the future look like? Do we plan on moving in the next two years? Yeah, because you gotta pay fees for that new closing costs for the new home. And so you kind of have to make sure that you're gonna be in, this is a long-term decision, so it's not a flippant, Hey, let's go ahead and refi. Yeah, Because you're, every time you refinance, you're paying those closing costs unless you have a stack of cash laying around.


Which would be pretty cool if you could. Yeah. Not roll that into the mortgage by the way. So I'm not, it might be a good move in Jordan's case, but we just don't know until we crunch those numbers. Yeah. Alright, for all of you listening on the show to the show on YouTuber podcast, it's about to end. But more calls are coming up in The Ramsey Network app. You can go download it in the app store or Google Play. We'll also put a link in the show notes so that you can keep the fun going. If you're listening on radio, you're safe. Stay right where you are. More calls are coming up. So don't miss what's coming up next. Go watch the full show in The Ramsey Network app, it's totally free. Jump onto the app store and we'll see you over there.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bottom bing bad. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.