1 (15s):
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. number one, bestselling author, Ramsey personality. Jade Warshaw is my co-host today. We welcome you America. We're glad you're here. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. And for that matter, even if you're not in America, wherever you are listening, right? And watching, we appreciate you, Jade. As I was traveling, we spent a little time in Scotland, a little time in Turkey, and it was a joyous thing for Sharon and I that the people that did recognize me we're all under 30.

2 (59s):
Oh, that's great.

1 (1m 1s):
And like for instance, the girl checking us in at our really, really nice restaurant. The last night we were in Scotland, we walked up and my wife said, you know, we've got a reservation for Ramsey. And the lady said, okay. and I said, we're running a little bit early, ma'am, but we'd love to go ahead and be seated. And her head snaps up and she goes, you are that guy on Instagram. And it's like, and she's like 24 years old, probably something like that. And it's, I can't do the Scottish accent, but it was great. And so you're, you're that, I wish I could, I had down for a minute, but yeah. For a little bit there, but yeah, it was, and she, she's, I don't know your name, but I like your stuff. I'm like, wow.

1 (1m 41s):
Okay. There it is.

2 (1m 43s):
I love that she knows

1 (1m 44s):
You from Instagram, so maybe it's not just America. There we go. Triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Isaac is in Bangor, Maine. Isaac, how are you?

3 (1m 55s):
Hi? Dave. How's it going?

1 (1m 56s):
Better than I deserve. What's up?

3 (1m 59s):
I just have a, a question. Me and my fiance are planning to get married at the end of the year, and I just want some advice on how to combine our finances and assets.

1 (2m 10s):
Okay.

3 (2m 13s):
She, when we began our relationship, she already owned a home and I did not, I was looking to buy a home when we first started dating, but I never did. and I have some savings and I'm in no debt after list. Following your plan and listening to your show,

2 (2m 28s):
What's the plan that you guys will move into her house since she already has one?

3 (2m 33s):
Well, well, we already live in her house together now. Got

2 (2m 36s):
It. Okay.

3 (2m 37s):
So, but I guess my question is, should we sell their house and buy a property together

1 (2m 43s):
Or not? Not necessarily. It's just whatever house you wanna live in. Most states, and you can check on Maine as far as the real estate goes. Most states you have a marital interest, regardless of whose name is on the deed in your personal residence. So for instance, in Tennessee, if I put the property in my name, my wife is automatically the half owner, even if her name is not on the deed, on our personal residence now, not on investment property and other things, but on a personal residence, I'm not sure if that's true in Maine. You'd have to check on that, but it could be that just by the fact you got married, you've got that asset transferred to both of you. As far as the other stuff, we just recommend changing the name on the accounts to both of you.

2 (3m 25s):
Yeah.

3 (3m 26s):
Okay.

2 (3m 27s):
And having one account. Having one account together, having the accounts together.

1 (3m 31s):
Yeah, everything's combined. You have one checking account that you operate the household out of and that you both have access to and that you both are in agreement with on your budgeting. That's the, you know, the part. But as far as the other things, like if you've got a mutual fund account, it's got your name on it or her name on it, just, you know, email and change the name on the account, the owner of the account to two people, and you just update your miscellaneous accounts around like that.

3 (3m 57s):
Right. She used her, some of her retirement to purchase her house. She used some sort of assistant plan with her retirement to purchase her house. so I guess she would like to pull some of her equity out to help her in her retirement, sort of get back up to where it should be.

1 (4m 14s):
So I would not do that?

3 (4m 16s):
You would not do that?

1 (4m 17s):
No, I would not do that. No. Okay. I, I would leave that alone. Let's, let's just get started and make sure we're out debt. We are walking up the baby steps. Yeah. Have your emergency fund in place. Yeah. And then start, you know, saving for retirement. You got plenty of time, you're gonna be okay.

2 (4m 33s):
And just like checking through those things that might have a beneficiary listed and making sure that it's the way you want it. And now that you're married

1 (4m 40s):
Yeah. All your life insurance policies or anything like that, that has a beneficiary, 4 0 1 Ks, you won't be able to come, but you won't be able to put her name on your 401k or vice versa. But you can put the beneficiary on there. Yeah. To be her on yours and you on hers and so forth. That kind of stuff. That's what you wanna comb through. And just make sure you got all the tangles out. Amy's in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Hi Amy, how are you?

4 (5m 4s):
I'm good. how are you?

1 (5m 5s):
Better than I deserve. What's up?

4 (5m 9s):
I have a question. Because of an early retirement, my husband and I are both law enforcement and I did 28 and a half years and then retired. He's 10 years younger than me, so therefore he has seven years left to do so. He's still employed and I am not so, but I, we get a pension from my portion. My question, my question is, we have enough money for our household to not touch my TSP or other investments that I've done. Cool. But should I be investing some of my, I I don't feel like I'm contributing anymore. I, should I be investing part of my pension back into a Roth or should I still be contributing or since I'm not going to touch it?

4 (5m 53s):
Where

1 (5m 53s):
Are you guys in the baby steps working?

4 (5m 56s):
We paid everything off in 2020. Everything

1 (5m 58s):
House and everything. Everything, everything,

4 (5m 59s):
Everything. Way

1 (6m 0s):
To come. That's

4 (6m 1s):
Awesome. Only had no zero, zero debt. Good for you. There was no place to, there was no place to travel to. So we,

1 (6m 6s):
No, I don't know what to do. Yeah. I've got too much money now. Dave. Okay. Way to go. Proud of you. Awesome. Yeah. thank you. So here's the thing. thank you. There's three things you can do with money when you're in baby step seven or for that matter, anytime you can enjoy it, you can give it and you can invest it and you ought to always be doing all three.

4 (6m 27s):
Okay.

1 (6m 28s):
And so I wanna make sure you're enjoying some of your income at this stage. You've worked hard for this and that you're being generous with some of it and that you're investing some of it. Yeah. And someone always a, you know, early on in my career, people would ask, how much should I save? And I'm like, how wealthy do you wanna be?

4 (6m 46s):
Right.

1 (6m 46s):
You know, the more you save, the more you're gonna have. I mean that's, it's pretty simple. So there's not a, there's not a penalty. I mean, there's no, nothing wrong with you re reinvest, taking some of your pension money and just starting to do some investing with it. There's nothing wrong with that at all.

4 (7m 2s):
I'm afraid that it, I don't think that we'll touch it at least until he's finished working good. Even then, probably not. But since I'm 52, he's 42 right now, we're gonna retire well before most people retire, which is awesome. Not a bad problem.

1 (7m 18s):
And you'll probably have an encore career. You're probably gonna have some other stuff you do. Most people don't quit at 50 something years old and never work again for 40 years.

2 (7m 26s):
It's a lot of years to not be doing anything. Yeah.

1 (7m 29s):
Yeah. I mean, it's not that you not, you might not have to do a nine to five or a grind, but you might start a small business that you've always wanted to start or you might start this or whatever. You don't have to be a Walmart greeter to retire.

2 (7m 40s):
I mean, if I, if I were in your shoes, I definitely, if I didn't need the money coming in from the pension, if I were in your shoes, I'd wanna invest it. Especially if I can get a better rate of return for it. And if I don't need it, that's, I mean, that's what I would do.

1 (7m 53s):
I think you ought to budget some of it for fun and some of it for generosity and some of it for investing. and I don't care what the percentages are. You decide that,

4 (8m 0s):
Okay, well I wasn't, we weren't eligible to do a Roth, but now that I'm in retirement, I'm guessing our income will go down. That I, we would be with that. That would be the smart

1 (8m 8s):
You are eligible to do a Roth. You, you can do a backdoor Roth even if you're, oh, even if you're over 200. Yeah, I do Roth and I'm way over 200. So yeah, you can sit down with your smart investor pro, they can show you how to do that. But that's, that's a small amount of money. That's not, you're talking about more money than that, that you can have fun with and then you can be generous with and that you could invest. So yeah, I don't want you to do it because you feel like you're contributing. I want you to do it because it's my plan.

2 (8m 34s):
Yeah. 100%

1 (8m 36s):
This is The Ramsey, Show, Are you working the baby steps?

Xandr Insurance (8m 42s):
One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan. If. you have one, and replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.

Ramsey Solutions (9m 43s):
Well guys, time is running out to book your cabin on the live like no one else cruise. That's right. We're going in March 22nd through the 29th, all the Ramsey personalities, plus a bunch of other big time folks like Stephen Curtis Chapman. And man, I gotta tell you, we got comedians coming. Yeah. We've got a, it's quite a lineup. Dina Carter, famous country music star. Remember Strawberry Wine? She was, yeah. We're going to Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, The Bahamas, and all the Ramsey personalities, including me and my wife Sharon, will be on there the entire week. Yes, it is a high end. Very nice cruise. Ooh, this is Holland America. This is not the cheap stuff. And because you really shouldn't do this, we don't want you there unless you're in baby step four and beyond, because you should be getting out of debt and building your emergency fund. But if you wanna mark your success, milestone your success. Yeah. With the live like no one else cruise because we teach you to live like no one else. So that later you can go on a cruise. I'll be at the spa. You will. Oh yeah. Alright. That's where we can find you The Sanctuary. You and Sharon getting your nails and hair and face done. Yes. And all that stuff. And they don't have enough Bondo in that spa for my face. So I'll be, I'll be cruising the buffet or something I guess. But yeah, so anyway, hey, it's gonna be fun. We'd love to have you. There's just a few cabins left and you can get yours. You can market with 600 bucks and come back later. And that really puts you in line for upgrades if you want a better cabin, if one, if somebody drops out later. Yeah. And so it's the way you get the thing. You gotta, you know, it's better than being on a waiting list. You go, go ahead and get you a cabin. Get make plans to be there March 22nd through the 29th. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise baby. It's the only place you can go to see, the only place you can go see me and George's Sonny and Cher Act. Oh no, that's a joke. I hope It's a joke. Have y'all Been, y'all could. Okay. Y'all didn't do something that don don't know about. No, no, no. It's a joke. Okay. George is still working on his share co his share co costume. You guys are not right.

1 (11m 52s):
Alright. Zach is in Indianapolis. Hi, Zach Welcome to The Ramsey show.

5 (11m 58s):
Hi Dave. Hi Jake. thank you for taking my call.

1 (11m 60s):
Sure. What's up?

5 (12m 3s):
Me and my wife are buying a business. We bought a franchise business and my question was, she's gonna be running the store and we're gonna be living off of my income like we are now. And my question was, is it a good idea for her not to take a salary the first year or maybe the first two years, or for her to take a salary? Because I'm concerned that she's gonna get burnt out and not feel like she's being rewarded enough. If she doesn't take a salary,

1 (12m 34s):
You shouldn't buy this. If the person running it is gonna get burn out because they don't get a salary, you shouldn't be running a business.

5 (12m 43s):
Yeah, you're right. No, I'm, that's my concern. But we're, we're very passionate about this type of business. If

1 (12m 49s):
Then it doesn't matter if she gets a salary,

5 (12m 52s):
Okay,

1 (12m 54s):
You need to talk to her. You need to talk to her about this. Has she got that kind of passion? 'cause if she duck doesn't, if she's buying this thing to have a job and it's gonna be all twisted up if she doesn't get a salary. Yeah. They just get a job. You're in the wrong, you're doing the wrong thing then.

5 (13m 8s):
Okay.

1 (13m 9s):
I'm serious, man. Business is hard. No, no.

2 (13m 12s):
What kind of business is it?

5 (13m 15s):
It's a pet supplies store and live small live animals. Okay. So it's, it's a fun, fun place to be. Okay. She's excited about it. We're excited about it. But I am just,

1 (13m 28s):
Well, what's the proforma, are you gonna be profitable in the first year?

5 (13m 32s):
Not in the first year. Second year. Yes.

1 (13m 34s):
Then why would you take a salary if you're not profitable?

2 (13m 37s):
Yeah. How can you

1 (13m 38s):
Well, you're gonna, yeah. You're gonna borrow more money to pay her a salary.

5 (13m 43s):
Be in the red. Yeah. The first year.

1 (13m 44s):
How are you covering the, the red?

5 (13m 50s):
We, we have a loan.

1 (13m 52s):
Okay.

5 (13m 52s):
We're taking out a small SBA loan for all of it.

2 (13m 57s):
How much was, can I just ask, what did you put into this loan wise?

5 (14m 2s):
We are putting, so the loans for 800, we are putting in 200 of our own money.

2 (14m 8s):
So you're a million in And. we

1 (14m 10s):
For to sell goldfish

5 (14m 15s):
And

1 (14m 16s):
800 grand worth of goldfish.

5 (14m 18s):
Cat, cat, cat food, dog food, grooming and live animals. Yeah.

2 (14m 23s):
Wow. And you think, you think that in year two you'll be profitable?

5 (14m 29s):
Yes. Yeah. So according to all their FDD for all the stores, there's many stores across, there's over 600 stores across the

2 (14m 39s):
Year. Listen, I hope you are, I hope you prove us wrong.

1 (14m 41s):
Yeah. But here, here's the in. Okay. Num number one, I'm duty bound to love you enough to tell you the truth and say, I think you need to reconsider this. You're not going to, so the answer to your question is, should you borrow more money in order to pay your wife a salary? You're borrowing money to pay your wife. No,

2 (15m 3s):
It's not a payment.

1 (15m 4s):
It's not a, you know, she's not making a salary. You're, you're just taking a withdrawal from the bank to give her money and call her the salary. No, we're not doing that. Wow. That's dumb. That's ridiculous. Absolutely not. In business, when you own a small business, you take money home when you make a profit and you don't Wow. Anyway. Yeah. So no, until you're profitable, you don't take money home out of a business. That's part of running a small business. It's part of being an entrepreneur. And we've got the ability to live on your salary. That's good. I wish you would not go 800,000, $600,000 worth of debt in order to open a pet store.

2 (15m 49s):
And by the way,

1 (15m 50s):
I really wish you wouldn't.

2 (15m 51s):
You can see how ridiculous, like, if you just change the format of this ever so slightly, if you went out and got a job and they said the way you get paid is you go down to the bank and you ask for a loan and that's, that's how you get your paycheck. You, you'd never take the job because you're like, that's not a check. That's me going into debt. Yeah. Period.

1 (16m 9s):
Cassidy's in Chicago. Hi Cassidy. how are you?

4 (16m 12s):
Hi there. how are you

1 (16m 14s):
Better than I deserve? What's up?

4 (16m 18s):
I have a specific question regarding myself and my boyfriend. so I am a Christian woman who is looking to get married before I live with someone. And. we have been dating for the past three years. We found a house in between our two families. It's $850 for rent. He will be living there. And we're trying to figure out our timeline. I wanted him to prove himself. So

1 (16m 43s):
Proves himself in what way? We whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. How, how's he gotta prove himself

4 (16m 49s):
That he's able to have a job in this new location in between families and that he's able to pay this rent first so that we're able to move in to get So you have

1 (16m 60s):
A concern that the guy you're thinking of marrying does not wanna work.

4 (17m 5s):
Correct.

2 (17m 6s):
Why? I do.

1 (17m 8s):
Why do you have that concern?

4 (17m 9s):
'cause I, because in the past, he hasn't had a job for the past year. He's worked part-time at a location. But he said he is willing to get back together to prove that to me. Was

2 (17m 20s):
That because of school?

4 (17m 21s):
And I said, and you need to be on your own. What was that?

2 (17m 24s):
Was it because of school or anything? How old are you?

4 (17m 28s):
I am 23. I just graduated with my master's degree and he is 25.

2 (17m 32s):
Okay, so you're saying he's out of school. Graduated.

1 (17m 35s):
Why? Why is he not working?

4 (17m 38s):
He's working part-time at a radio station for ministry.

1 (17m 40s):
Why is he not working? He is a 25-year-old man. Why is he not working job? Exactly.

4 (17m 46s):
That's, that's been my question.

1 (17m 48s):
Oh, okay. Okay. Alright. And then your other question, your other question for us was, what

4 (17m 54s):
Should my name be on the lease

1 (17m 58s):
Of a guy that doesn't work much? Or no

2 (17m 59s):
House we found

1 (18m 1s):
No, that's

2 (18m 2s):
You're not married yet. Not

1 (18m 3s):
A chance. Right.

4 (18m 4s):
Right.

2 (18m 5s):
Does he want that?

4 (18m 6s):
That validates that.

2 (18m 8s):
Is that what he wants to

4 (18m 9s):
Do? He wants to be married. Yes.

2 (18m 11s):
Right. But I understand he wants to be married. But I'm saying while you're not married, does he want you to put your name on the lease? Is that what he's asking for?

4 (18m 18s):
That that is what he is asking for. and I said, you need to be able to have a job and prove that you can do that. Yeah.

2 (18m 25s):
And you need to be married. Like that's the

1 (18m 27s):
Biggest thing. You don't put your name on leases with people you're not married to.

2 (18m 30s):
Yeah, because let's pretend That's perfect. Let's pretend even if he was working, he had a steady job. Everything was good. If you weren't married, I'd still say don't put your name on the lease.

1 (18m 37s):
Exactly.

4 (18m 39s):
Okay. I've watched your videos in the past. so I that's what I was thinking. But that helps to solidify that. And even being

1 (18m 45s):
In this relationship, lemme tell you, if, if, if your daughter called you and told you she was considering marrying the same guy that you, a guy like the guy you're talking about, you would tell her to even be stronger than you have been. Okay. don don't see this. It,

2 (19m 1s):
It's, it's a red

1 (19m 1s):
Flag. I'll be, I'll be the old dad guy here. I don't think this is gonna work out. 'cause I think you're too sharp to put up with him. That's my guess. This is The. Ramsey. Show.

BetterHelp (19m 13s):
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right. We all know. I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student, a graduate student, or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I guarantee you there are things that you loved learning about over the years. Gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us love learning about new things. Anything except about ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you. Become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you get so angry when this happens? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you. It helps you regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about yourself and the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for just about any schedule. All you do is fill out a brief online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. And you can change your therapist at any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.

Why Refi (20m 46s):
Today's question of today is brought to you by Why Refi. This is an interesting statistic. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So when you're a delinquent nana Uncle Joe, they're, whoever it was, signed it, they're going down with you. But there is a way out Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. And they give you a low fixed rate loan that's built for you. This is special. You guys go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be available in all states.

2 (21m 36s):
All right. Today's question comes from page in Delaware. My parents live in a different state than my husband and I. Everything is fine when they visit, but when they return home, they send us a bill for things that we ask them to purchase during their visits, such as food prep, ingredients for meals, toiletries, et cetera. The items are usually incidentals, not the full cost of a meal. Are we wrong to ask them to help with expenses while they are staying with us? Okay.

1 (22m 6s):
Y'all are weird. Yeah. Paige, y'all are weird.

2 (22m 9s):
That's shocking to me.

1 (22m 11s):
That's just both of, you're weird. The fact that you ask somebody else to pay for stuff when they're staying in your home, regardless of who it is, is weird. That's shocking. You have a little hospitality get, you know, they shouldn't have to buy their own freaking toilet paper. And if you're gonna have a meal for a friend or a relative that's staying with you, you pay for the meal. Yeah. And your parents are weird. They go home and send you a bill. Yeah. That's weird.

2 (22m 38s):
Yeah. I, I'm shocked. I truly am. It doesn't make sense. The only, like, the, the only thing that I could think of where this made sense is if they came and like lived with you for like three years or something, but there's no indication. And even still, I,

1 (22m 53s):
I have never stayed at someone's home and a, they asked me to pick up something at the store and sent them a bill.

2 (23m 0s):
I can't imagine

1 (23m 1s):
They let me stay at their home. And I've never stayed at someone's home who expected me to pay for something. But I always try to leave with let them with more than when I came. It's

2 (23m 13s):
Like, how do you keep a tally of that?

1 (23m 15s):
How about both sides of this grow a little generosity.

2 (23m 18s):
Yeah. That's what's at stake here. It's

1 (23m 21s):
Wow. Oh gosh. When someone stays in your homepage, you should furnish everything and take care of it. You should not ask someone to pay for it. Period. Yeah. I don't care who it is. Oh, by the way, parents, when you stay in someone's home and they ask you to pick something up, pick up twice as much and leave it as a gift to say thank you for letting us stay there. I know that's right. And don't send a bill. Y'all are weird.

2 (23m 40s):
Yeah. 'cause where I listen, if my family comes in, I'm the type, I wanna give you a little care box. Like I want the stuff to be in the room. and Don don't want you to think of

1 (23m 49s):
Anything. You come to dinner, you bring a okay of flowers and a bottle of wine. Wine, yeah. Wine. Yes. Hello.

2 (23m 54s):
Wow.

1 (23m 55s):
God, man. Wow. Y'all are weird

2 (23m 59s):
To itemize. You ate, you ate an apple yesterday. Put that on the bill.

1 (24m 2s):
Half a roll of toilet paper has been invoiced here. Toiletries. I'm just saying. Wow. Y'all are weird.

2 (24m 10s):
I'd love to see that receipt. I'd love to see what it looks like. Half, half a bag of Tostitos. Oh

1 (24m 16s):
God, man. You know, for next nine grapes. Next first time I got the bill, the next time they came to visit, I'd be going motel six over buddy.

2 (24m 25s):
Okay. Yeah. You may as well stay in

1 (24m 26s):
A hotel. You might as well go over there. And you, you settle up with those people. There's

2 (24m 30s):
Free breakfast. Yeah.

1 (24m 31s):
They have free breakfast. You get, you get those powdered eggs, man. Six o'clock in the morning at coffee. That's been watered down. That orange juice has never saw an orange. Man. You, you just stay yourself right over there, baby. Oh

2 (24m 43s):
Wow.

1 (24m 44s):
Y'all are weird. Tracy in Boise, Idaho. Hey Tracy. What's up?

4 (24m 51s):
Hi. thank you for taking my call. Sure. I have a question. My dad passed away in March of 2023. I'm sorry. My sister and I were originally, thank you. We're originally co-executors. A month after my dad passed things got really volatile and I re removed myself. I had my attorney draw up a letter to remove me from my dad's estate, let my sister be, and, and I've had no contact with him since. Just via a few texts, a few emails. Very generic. I received an email on September 3rd from my sister's attorney, the probate attorney, asking me to sign a document regarding my dad's home. Had been on the market for over a year and had not sold my siblings wanna close out the estate and put a renter in there, which is not what my dad's will says.

4 (25m 35s):
but it, because I'm an error. I'm ent I have to sign this document. My question to you is, if I sign this document, am I removing all legal representation that my remaining three siblings are just gonna, you know, honor my dad's will and divide things up according to the will. Basically my dad's will is very generic, was sell all my assets, pay all my debts, divide everything by four. Yeah. Nothing has been done correctly in my dad's will. Nothing has. And I've just let it ha I mean, I stepped away so I'm fine with that. But my fear and I and my husband and I are in baby. Step seven. We're building a home for cash.

1 (26m 12s):
Okay. What do you want to do with your share of the home? Are you gonna just turn it over to them, abandon, abandon it, and walk away?

4 (26m 20s):
I think that's an option. That's not

1 (26m 22s):
Option. Okay. If you're gonna do that, then you can sign the letter. If you want your share of the home, you can't sign the letter.

2 (26m 27s):
You don't need the money. Okay. Thank, you, what is it? Amount

4 (26m 30s):
To don't really need the money. Nope. Nope. We don't. And that's kind of where we're at right now. If we sign the letter we're

1 (26m 35s):
From, how much is the house worth away

4 (26m 37s):
From Maybe once it sells and the debt that there was still a mortgage on it. We might be talking 200,000 profit. It's divided by four. We're talking

2 (26m 46s):
50,000. Oh, 50,000 each

4 (26m 48s):
Or less or less each. Yeah. There's some other assets that you know, that's not accounted for. and I don't even care. I just, and is it worth it? Is it worth supply? Listen, you're at your

2 (26m 58s):
Woods end. We can hear it in your voice. You've Oh, I am idea. You no idea. You've gone around and around on this.

1 (27m 3s):
Yeah. so I. Yeah. You gotta decide. You decide if you wanna reenter the battle or you wanna walk away.

4 (27m 11s):
So, so if I wanna re So my, my, my position is, and which is what I told my, the probate attorney. I want the house left on the market. And it sold. Yeah. That's it. I don. I don't, that's that's it.

1 (27m 20s):
That's what the will called for. That's what the will called for. The executor of the will is supposed to execute. That's the, that's the name Executor. The will. They're supposed, they, they don't get to make this up. And are And your sister, your sister's been making it up. And so if I'm in your shoes, I'm gonna either go, screw it. It's not worth it. Y'all just take the money. I don't want it. And I'm gonna walk completely away and never think about it again. Or I'm gonna just tell this guy, when you guys sell the house, I'll take my fourth and no, I'm not signing anything until the house was sold. Well,

2 (27m 51s):
I feel like in many ways you made that decision when you walked away from being an an executor though. No,

1 (27m 57s):
No, she didn't, she didn't lose her rights. She just got

2 (27m 59s):
Outta the fight. No, not, I'm not saying that she lost her rights, but you clearly were wor slap out And. we like whatever.

1 (28m 5s):
No, no. Didn't wanna stay in the day to day rough and tumble. I didn't, that's different than I didn't.

4 (28m 10s):
Yeah.

1 (28m 10s):
Yeah. I, I understand what you're doing. No, I would. So, you know, the thing is here, here's what you're, here's what you're really struggling with is, you know how pissed off everybody's gonna be when you do this?

4 (28m 21s):
Well they already are because they've dropped the house below s or right now the house is listed below appraisal or, or value because there's no more money to pay the mortgage. so I, which is fine, don don't care. But don don't want it taken off the market. My other conflict, Dave, this is my sister's also the executor and the realtor. And this is one of our first house sells, which is another reason.

2 (28m 44s):
And I,

1 (28m 45s):
She has the house listed.

4 (28m 48s):
Yes.

1 (28m 48s):
Oh. How many times can we spell conflict of interest?

4 (28m 52s):
Okay. I just wanted to make sure like that's my thinking.

1 (28m 56s):
But I don just, I'm I don mean I don know how this attorney has kept his law license if he's allowing this.

2 (29m 2s):
Wow.

1 (29m 3s):
Wow. Okay. This probate attorney. Do I need to, he should be going. No ma'am, you cannot do that. The attorney needs to be Oh. my gosh.

2 (29m 13s):
Is the attorney one of your siblings?

1 (29m 16s):
No.

4 (29m 16s):
So you guys are confirming everything that my husband and I have discussed. We've been following you since 2008. We became a hundred percent debt-free in 2020. Yeah. And

1 (29m 25s):
Here's the thing. And, we good? I would just say, listen, I, I'm not angry, just my dad's honor. and I'm not angry about this. This is not about revenge. I'm just asking. Yeah. Okay. Simply very kindly and calmly that you guys do what the will says. And, we really ought to have an, well,

4 (29m 39s):
I need to hire an attorney.

1 (29m 40s):
No, you just don't need to sign it.

2 (29m 43s):
Okay.

1 (29m 43s):
Okay. If you want an attorney, you could go get one to get advice. I'm not an attorney. But if you just refuse to sign it and say, I, my instructions as one of the heirs is for you to execute the will properly. And that means the house needs to be sold, not rented. I do not wanna be partners with these people 10 years from now in this house. don don't want the liability. No thank you. Period. If they wanna buy me out, they can do that too, by the way.

2 (30m 7s):
That's a great idea.

1 (30m 8s):
But they can't even pay the payments. So they're not gonna buy anybody out. This is The Ramsey, Show.

Christian Healthcare Ministries (30m 15s):
Hey, when you go against what society thinks is normal, like avoiding debt for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird. If that means doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. Find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget that ch ministries.org/budget.

1 (30m 59s):
Jade walsall Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Folks, you know what causes relatives to get in a fight over a will or over an estate. Most of the time it's the person's fault that died.

2 (31m 15s):
Who?

1 (31m 15s):
Because you did not tell everybody how to freaking behave before you died. So you do the will, you read the will to the whole family or you tell them what it all says when you do the will and then you tell them what it means.

Mama Bear Legal Forms (31m 36s):
So for instance, those guys that were just there, you go to Mama, Bear, Legal Forms, you do a ba she said you had a very basic will sell everything and divide it four ways. That was his basic will. You could do that easily at Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com. So he is got the will. That was good. 'cause most people don't even do that. That's right. That's right. That's right. You do That first and then you tell everyone, We'll go At Thanksgiving dinner. Oh, I just finished my will. Not at Thanksgiving. Dave that is not making Turkey Go down. Well, the next day with beer and football, there we go. I don't care. But or later on in the afternoon, don don't, sometime you gather the whole brooded up and you say, brooded, this is what you are going to do when I die with my stuff, Okay, I'm listening.

2 (32m 19s):
I am 40 years old. I've got three kids and a husband. We just did our will. Do we do this now or do we wait till we get a little bit older?

1 (32m 27s):
Who is being instructed in the will? The people that are gonna take care of your kids. Yeah. So you obviously gotta talk to them.

2 (32m 35s):
Of course. Yeah. Okay.

1 (32m 36s):
Yes. And and if you're leaving a family trust that's gonna be managed by someone, both the trustee and the people taking care of your kids need to know what that is. Yes. Now the 4-year-old doesn't need to have input Sure. Or the weight of the decisions. But I'm talking about the grownups that are gonna be involved. Everybody. So when, when our kids were your kids' age, when the Ramsey kids were little, we had a a, a trust set up upon our death. The assets all dump into a trust, a family trust. And the family trust was be managed a certain way and the trustee was different than the person raising the kids.

2 (33m 11s):
That's right.

1 (33m 12s):
And the trustee was gonna send money out of there to the kiddos in sense. Essentially child support. Yeah. Right. Monthly stipend to for 'cause you're raising my kids, it shouldn't cost you anything. thank you. And so, and if they needed money for college, a car or medical issue, they could get some more money. And that was the direction of the trustee. Both the trustee knew that and the custodian of the children knew that. That's right. And the other relatives, uncles and aunts and so forth, also knew who the trust that are uninvolved

2 (33m 43s):
They, but they know

1 (33m 44s):
So that they stay freaking uninvolved. Yeah.

2 (33m 46s):
So there's essentially two conversations you're having. You're having the initial one with the adults who are part of this. Then as you age and as your kids get older, if you're leaving them Yeah. Anything substantial, then you, then you bring them into

1 (33m 57s):
Conversation. Yeah. Like now we have a very detailed thing these days. If Dave dies this year, meeting once a year. What

2 (34m 2s):
A weird

1 (34m 3s):
Day. Yeah. Weird meeting my Monty Python. I'm feeling much better. It's just a flesh wound meeting, right? Oh, there's

2 (34m 8s):
Turkey.

1 (34m 9s):
There's Turkey. No, we don't do it on, we don't do this at Thanksgiving. Oh gosh. It's too

2 (34m 12s):
Complicated.

1 (34m 13s):
Yeah. But I'm just saying you go over it and then the brothers and sisters aren't all mad.

2 (34m 19s):
Well, do you not think that? Or if

1 (34m 21s):
They are, then it's just 'cause they've got a

2 (34m 23s):
Screw list. I was gonna say there, there's probably part of this too, that if you've got any bit of like entitlement or grief or greed or whatever that is Yeah. That could still play a part even if you do everything right from the beyond.

1 (34m 35s):
But at least everybody said it out loud. That's

2 (34m 37s):
Right.

1 (34m 38s):
Okay. Yeah. And here's the thing. He put two sisters as executive co-executors of the will this guy did. And you tell me this, dad did not know that these two were gonna go at each other's throat. Yeah.

2 (34m 47s):
That wasn't good.

1 (34m 49s):
I mean, you could do it with some two sisters. Actually my two daughters could do that. Yeah.

2 (34m 52s):
I could do, I could do

1 (34m 53s):
That with my sister because Denise and Rachel, Denise and Rachel could do that. But this dad has to know these two enough to know that this ain't gonna work. Yeah. Yeah. Because one of 'em is gonna flip their lid and, and Kai, come on. Don't set up things to where your estate causes a wedge to be driven in your family. That's true. That takes people 25 years to speak again to each other. Yeah. Set up your estate to be a blessing to the next generation. A godly man leaves an inheritance to his children's children.

2 (35m 23s):
Okay, let me ask you about this. You've, you may have heard me say this before, is there ever a time where the will or the estate is as written and the people who, you know, decide this is what was said, but we think we should do something else instead? Case in point. I always say, when Sam married me, the way that his grandfather's estate was, was that he had to marry someone Jewish in order to get the money. And so, and

1 (35m 51s):
I'm looking at you and I'm thinking, you're not, I

2 (35m 53s):
Ain't, I ain't, I ain't. And so, you know, it was him and a couple of other cousins and he was the first to say, Hey, I think that if he had met her, he would've changed his mind. And so doesn't matter over time the cu but over time the cousins changed it and they got the, the wife to say, you know what? I think you're right. And she was the executor.

1 (36m 15s):
Well then that's everybody. That's interesting, isn't it? But the only way that happens is the legal document has to be overridden by a unanimous vote.

2 (36m 23s):
And it was, it was, it was the wife.

1 (36m 25s):
That's what it amounts to. No, there's unanimous. The brothers, sisters, cousins, the wife. Oh yeah.

2 (36m 28s):
Yeah. Everybody ended up signing off on it. Yes. Yeah. They have to. You're

1 (36m 31s):
Right. They have to because otherwise you don't have a change. No, you don't. And so, yeah, that's ing isn't it? You do that, you can do that. But that's, that's the only way if one person said, no, papa said that. And that's the way it

2 (36m 42s):
Is. Yeah, that's that's right.

1 (36m 43s):
Or whatever your Jewish grandfather's name is. Right. But

2 (36m 46s):
Zady

1 (36m 46s):
Okay. Jie said, and that's the way it is. Yeah. Sorry. We love, we love Jade. But, but still that's what he said.

2 (36m 53s):
No, you're right. All the cousins had to sign and Yeah. Yeah.

1 (36m 56s):
Okay. Interesting.

2 (36m 57s):
Wow. That's interesting, huh?

1 (36m 59s):
Yeah. I don't mind that, but, but it, yeah, it's, that's unusual. It isn't it. Yeah. Most of the time somebody ends up fighting like that last call. So folks read your will while you're alive. If people are gonna be pissed off, you should have the pleasure of being involved. I'm just saying. That's the way it is. Alright. Now Romeo is in Phoenix. Hi Romeo. how are you?

3 (37m 22s):
Better than I deserve, as you say. how are you doing today? Just

1 (37m 25s):
The same, sir. How can I help.

3 (37m 27s):
I'm calling because I am a fan of your show. I found that roughly about two months ago. I just downloaded the, the dollar app and I started EveryDollar doing my budgeting EveryDollar app. My apologies. That's okay. And so my question is, should I stop, do I'm paying my loans and should I diverse my money into a business where I think if I make money faster with a business, I could pay off my loan faster? Or should I be, should I be in debt and or should I, I'm sorry. Should I pay off my loan?

1 (37m 59s):
What do you make a year now?

3 (38m 4s):
I make 30 a year on my, my main job and I do lift on the side, which I make my, my 9,600 additional for the year.

2 (38m 12s):
Okay. Hey, this sounds really familiar to me. How, how much student loan debt, like how much debt do you have total?

3 (38m 19s):
I have, in total I have 24,000.

2 (38m 21s):
Oh, okay. That's not too, too bad. And

1 (38m 23s):
What are you talking about spending to start a business?

3 (38m 27s):
Just for initial costs for the equipment. It's a production studio. so I should tell you, as you know, the production equipment is, is pretty pricey. And so I have an investor, I have a business plan and investment. I have a brick and mortar. Oh, my investors are paying, paying for the overhead and everything. It's just, we only need the equipment and you're off to, and we're ready to like jumpstart what, and so that's why, I'm sorry, there's

2 (38m 53s):
Not a way to start that feels like too much to start with. That's a major investment.

3 (38m 59s):
Mm.

2 (39m 0s):
What can you do with that skillset that you can use what you have to make more money than $30,000 a year or $39,000 a year?

3 (39m 8s):
Well, I, that's what I'm looking for. Engineer and I. I, I was working at a podcast studio, which they weren't the best and they were not the best management not to throw shade at 'em or anything. Sure. But they, they, and they actually encouraged me to create my own production company, my own production company, because that's all the way they're treating their

2 (39m 28s):
Right. But can do that, my point is, you can do that without all the bells and whistles. There's so many podcasts out there who need producers and editors and you know, you can go in so many different routes that doesn't require you to buy all this stuff. To have brick and mortar, to have investors. That's, if you did that, that would be further, further down the line. I think right now there's ways that you could probably make thousands of dollars a month and get this debt paid off very quickly without you having to invest much of anything.

3 (39m 56s):
Hmm. I have been working with a few comedians because I do have a, a few ties to the comedy show. Yeah. and I do and I have been working on comedy specials and Yes. I mean, there,

1 (40m 5s):
So I would do of that without a production studio. Yes.

2 (40m 7s):
There's so much work. The,

1 (40m 8s):
There's 2 million podcasts. I would not open a production studio right now. Certainly not brick and mortar. I, I've got a bunch of them, but they're for our use only. If I thought I had to make a living renting out production studios, I would No, no, no. thank you. Market's too flooded, dude. Not what I'd drop money in.

The Ramsey Network (40m 29s):
Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app.

1 (41m 0s):
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau number one, bestselling author, Ramsey Personality is my co-host Today you jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in. Matt is with us in Portland, Maine. Hi Matt, how are you?

3 (41m 32s):
I'm well. I'm well. and I appreciate you and your entire team taking my call today. thank you.

1 (41m 37s):
Our pleasure. How can we help?

3 (41m 39s):
So I've got more of a, I guess a time problem than a money problem, although time is money and I go hand in hand. so I, I have a full-time career, but I've been working for about 15 years now and in about nine more years I'll be able to retire with a a, a fairly decent pension. I'll be 46 years old and I'll make about 50 grand a year to sit on my couch for the rest of my life, which I don't think is the worst. But, okay. While I've had this career, I've also started some other things. I've got a side gig, a side business that does about one and a half to $2 million a year. and I also have some real estate investment that totals about $3 million that I owe about 250,000 on I.

3 (42m 29s):
got a lot going on. I, I, I like real estate investing. I wanna get into more of it, but my work schedule of approximately 80 hours a week is definitely taking a to on the family. And my wife and I had a serious conversation the other day. We have a 10 month old baby and she is really looking for me to spend more time with them at home. And of course I, I couldn't agree more, but I got a lot going on and one of the things I was looking at dropping was that career of mine that only pays me about 65,000 a year or so, takes up 40 hours a week. But again, if I stick with it for just nine more years, I get to collect $50,000 a year in pension.

3 (43m 12s):
Or I could give it up and I could focus on all my other stuff that does substantially better, but doesn't come with that quite of a guarantee.

1 (43m 23s):
Well you, you have $3 million worth of real estate. Yeah. And you're worried about a $50,000 a year pension.

3 (43m 32s):
Yeah.

1 (43m 34s):
It sounds like almost you've got those two things on the same plane of value and one of 'em is buying a biscuit

3 (43m 43s):
And I. Unfortunately, I you're exactly right. You know,

1 (43m 46s):
They're not on the same plane. Dude. One, one of 'em is a one out of 10 and one of 'em is a 10 out of 10. One good real estate deal will offset your stupid pension. Right? Correct. Mathematically, you do one good deal, it'll make you $50,000 a year the rest of your life. That's a $4,000 a month rent.

3 (44m 12s):
Yep.

1 (44m 12s):
Yeah. Okay. So what is this career?

3 (44m 18s):
I'm a firefighter and a paramedic. Okay. Which was, I I was a, I was a chi a child that wanted to be a fireman and I did. Yeah.

1 (44m 26s):
Yeah. And so I, I think you're having a very wise discussion with your wife and also between your ears. You're saying, what do I wanna spend my time on that 30 years from now, I'm gonna feel good of the 30 year from now person, the 70-year-old version of Matt is gonna look back and say, well done. Okay. Yep. Now the 14-year-old version of Matt wanted to be a fireman and he accomplished his goal and he served his community and fought fires as a fireman and a paramedic.

1 (45m 7s):
And he's a good dude checked box. But I'm more not concerned about the 14-year-old making the 14-year-old Matt happy anymore. I want the 70-year-old Matt to be happy. You follow me with his choices?

3 (45m 23s):
Yeah.

1 (45m 24s):
Yeah. and I think the, I think the fire thing's done just in what you described to me. 'cause I think you love this baby more than you do 40 hours a week.

2 (45m 33s):
But I also don't think that the first plan that you delivered, which was, let's say when you said, Hey, in nine years I'll, I'll make 50,000 a year. I can retire and just sit on the couch all day. I don't think that that's,

1 (45m 44s):
You weren't gonna do that?

3 (45m 46s):
No. No.

2 (45m 47s):
So what would you do?

3 (45m 50s):
I, I mean, I would continue. I mean, I, my goal by the way, Dave welcome back. I hope you enjoyed your vacation. That's my goal. Yeah. My goal is to not just take a stressful weekend or week long vacation and actually get away with the family Yeah. To someplace else for, for somewhat extended periods of time. And enjoy the, enjoy God's green Earth and

2 (46m 13s):
I Love that. and I think you should do that. I just wanted to know, like, what would be the thing that makes you feel like you're doing something that matters? Would, what would be your contribution?

3 (46m 25s):
You know, I I I think officially re not resigning, but officially retiring from a life in public safety to me now, the, you know, my, my, my dad and my grandfather their entire lives were devoted to our local volunteer fire and ambulance places over 50 years. Both of them, each volunteers, they didn't even make a dime. At least I'm getting paid for it. Rest in peace. Yeah. And so, in, in a way, I see that and I'm like, geez. And I'm just, I'm about to walk away and granted I've been doing it Dave you're right. Since I was 14 years old, stepped September 10th, 2001 is the first day I stepped foot into a fire station as a firefighter.

3 (47m 7s):
And obviously a lot has changed

1 (47m 10s):
All the day after on. So here's I, here's what I'm, here's what I'm pointing out to you. Okay. Is you, you stepped in and your identity became, who is Matt? Matt as a firefighter and now what you're, you're making a bigger choice than just $9,000. You're, you're saying, 'cause this is family, DNA and everything else you're saying now my identity is I'm Matt the dad of a 10 month old and I'm a real estate investor so that I can have more time for my family

8 (47m 39s):
That I love.

1 (47m 40s):
That's your new identity and that's part of what's bothering you. It's like you feel like you're dishonoring your dad or your grandpa's memory. You're not, you served honorably for a long period of time to the community and that season's over I think. I think but here's the thing. I've had this happen in my life several times. 'cause people that get things done put too much on their plate and Sharon and I have sit down and go, okay, something's going to give, we should decide it proactively rather than letting it blow up. Yes. 'cause you're, you know, you're either going to blow up the kids by having no father in the house or you're gonna blow up your ministry over here that you've put too much time into so you never see your family or you're gonna blow up.

1 (48m 27s):
You know? And so just decide on purpose what it is you're gonna blow up. You know, I was working with 10 teens at the church, like hours and hours and hours and hours and hours a week when our children were small and we're getting ready to, and I started doing financial coaching at the church before we did all this. And that started doing the hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours. And I got little kids and Sharon and I sat down the exact conversation they had and she said, something's leaving me or the teenage ministry or the financial ministry because you can't, there's not room for all three of us. I understand that. And she was being sarcastic and funny. She wasn't packing up, but, but the, but she made a good point, you know, and so I decide, alright, let's Lord tell us which one you want us to work on.

1 (49m 12s):
Yeah. Pretty soon I started hating teenagers. So you choice and I got over that. I like teenagers now do you? But I, I quit. I quit the burden I had to save. The next generation in ministry was gone and so, but the burden I had to help people with their money still. Here. Here we go. Okay. There you go. It's good. It's a good discussion, Matt. You're very wise, you and your wife to have that discussion it sounds like to two guys who don't mo know you that much. Me and Jade, that you're not a fireman anymore.

Churchill Mortgage (49m 44s):
Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.

Ramsey Solutions (50m 14s):
Listen, The housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment, affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right, wrong George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible and I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.

1 (50m 46s):
Jade wasaw Ramsey personality number one, bestselling author is my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You call in, we'll talk about you right in front of you. So CNN reporting mortgage rates fell this week to the lowest point since February Jade. Mm.

2 (51m 6s):
A lot of people are excited about that.

1 (51m 8s):
30 year fixed rate mortgage average 6.2 in the week ended September 12. That's down from last week 6.3, which is well below the two decade high of 7.7. Yeah. And let's see, last time it was this low was in February of 23. Yeah. So it's been 18 months since it's, or or, or more since it was this low. So, and it was on the way up of course in February of 23, just passed by this and went on up. Yeah. So interest mortgage interest rates seeming to soften the US housing market remains unaffordable for millions of home seekers, especially those with low incomes.

1 (51m 53s):
Well that's true, but the interest rate was not the sole cause of that price was the cause of that. And house prices going up faster than wages has caused that. And it's actually don don't know. I don't know. There's still a, a group, you know, this, this article continues the stupid mythology thing that, you know, a lower income person can live in Manhattan or Los Angeles. You can't.

2 (52m 23s):
Well, yeah. I

1 (52m 23s):
Think you can't afford it.

2 (52m 24s):
There's like the, the outside economic causes for this. And then there's like the personal level, okay, where do I live? What do I make, how do I manage my money? That does play a huge part in this. Yeah,

1 (52m 36s):
Exactly, exactly. The choices that you're engaging in. But there's never been in, in modern history, a time that you could afford to live in an super expensive city

2 (52m 50s):
If you had a low income

1 (52m 51s):
That was, that's, that's not

2 (52m 52s):
Changed. Yeah. That is, that part is

1 (52m 54s):
True. Yes. That's not new. Yeah. You know, I mean it's, I mean, and low income. Now the definition of low income has changed. Sure. 'cause we make a lot more money now than we used to, but the housing prices are more they used to be. So, but I mean, I remember in, you know, the 19 8, 19 82, I'm coming outta college. If you wanted to live in New York City in Manhattan in 1982, you needed to make, you know, up close to a hundred K. And so an entry level college student with a bachelor's, I made $18,000 a year at my first job. Wow. And so, the chance I was, I could not afford to live com, you know, entry level job coming outta college business degree.

1 (53m 36s):
The pay that I was being paid, I could not afford to live. Now I wasn't lower income, but I was lower middle income. I was a co brand new college student out outta school. so I mean of course, I wasn't making the money that your parents make course

2 (53m 48s):
Or something. Of course, yeah. It's not time yet.

1 (53m 49s):
But you can't go to, I, you know, the only way I can go to New York is if I land a job making that or the only way I could live in, you know, most parts of la So they act like this is some kind of a capitalistic, I mean CNN or some of these articles, M-S-N-B-C act like it's a capitalistic crisis or something. It's not. That's always been there. Yeah. Now there is there, what's what is frustrating or interesting that I don't have an answer for is why the market didn't pick back up with this tick down in rates. We've not seen the activity hit the, hit the real estate market. It didn't like light up

2 (54m 25s):
When this happened. Yeah.

1 (54m 25s):
When it dropped a, when it dropped a full percentage point and a half.

2 (54m 28s):
Well, you and I talked about this a little bit even before the show. There's still that demand. You know, the demand is high, but there's not a lot of homes on the market is what they're saying. So yeah, that's part of the problem. That's true. If there were, like, if suddenly there were a bunch of homes to flood the market, I gotta believe that prices would go down and then the prices being down, plus mortgage rates being slightly down would make people go, you know what, okay, now I can get in. But there is a part of that where, you know, like it says here, a key, a key issue driving America's housing affordability crisis is a persistent lack of homes on the market. Supply is simply not keeping up with the demand in many markets across the country. That's right. For varying reasons.

1 (55m 4s):
We've been saying, we've been saying that. Yeah. For, for three years we've been talking about, oh, there's gonna be a bubble. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Prices are gonna crash. And, we said no, prices are not gonna crash. 'cause there's a shortage. When there's a shortage, you don't have a price crash

2 (55m 15s):
And part of that shortage. Okay. So they're saying yes, it's still expensive to build. Right. Construction costs, zoning laws, this says even not enough land available for development and I. Guess that depends on where you live. 'cause here they're building, I feel like they're building everywhere I look. Yeah. Here in Middle Tennessee. Yeah. But then if you go down to South Florida, it's built up. I mean, they've got a tear down stuff in order to build things. So

1 (55m 36s):
Again, where is there land available? Yeah. Where there's land available. That's, I mean, it's like, you know, again, you, in downtown Dade County, Miami, there's nine land available in Manhattan. You know, there's nine land available hasn't been in a hundred and something years. Yeah,

2 (55m 52s):
That's right. It's, it's been that way. It's

1 (55m 54s):
Been a hundred percent built out for a hundred plus years. So you know that there's a, yeah, there's a

2 (55m 59s):
Shortage. And then there's the part of, I mean, I think we all know this by now, there are a bunch of people sitting out that there, that have 2% interest rates and 3% interest rates. And unless they have the need to move, a lot of people are like, Hey, I, I'm fine where I'm at. There's no need for me to,

1 (56m 14s):
Why would I double my interest rate?

2 (56m 16s):
Why would you do and I. Yeah. Why would you? I wouldn't. And so that's accounts for what do we decide 20% of what's going on here?

1 (56m 23s):
And I'll throw, I'll throw in one more thing. And this is just a wild guess. I have no idea if this is right, but lemme tell you what it's based on. Okay. Okay. I am firmly convinced as a student of economics and I have a degree in finance. So I've spent a lot of time in the stupid economics textbook over the years that economics is really as much about psychology as it is math.

2 (56m 48s):
We talked about this. Yeah. The vibe session.

1 (56m 50s):
Exactly. And so, you know, when you think it is a self-fulfilling prophecy, half the time's, right? When you think things are good, you go out there and move around in the marketplace and things are good. And so hope is actually an economic thing.

2 (57m 6s):
I'm with that. Yeah.

1 (57m 7s):
It causes economics to prosper. Lack of hope causes it to pull back law and order. You can't, economics cannot exist where there is not law and order, because you can't open an ice cream store if some mob is going to trash it Okay. Of whatever that's upset about. Whatever they're upset about this week. Okay. And so when you don't have law and order and you don't have hope, economics freezes like a deer in the headlights. And, and on a short term basis, here's my, I don't know if this is right thing. That's all right. I'm not, no question about that. But the, the thing I'm not positive about is how many people are sitting and waiting to see who gets elected in 45 days.

2 (57m 51s):
100%. 100%. People are like, if it's my guy, this is gonna break me free. Like they, yeah. They think that,

1 (57m 58s):
You know, that happened. I remember people thinking that if Obama got elected, 'cause he ran on hope that they were gonna get f like get a free car or something. Remember that? Remember those videos that went around? Yeah,

2 (58m 8s):
I do.

1 (58m 9s):
I do. And it's like, you know, and lemme just help y'all. Neither one of these people are gonna fix what's going on at your house. Yeah. Neither one of these people are gonna fix everything. You want 'em to fix whoever you are at the White House.

2 (58m 24s):
Yeah.

1 (58m 24s):
Because no one does everything exactly like you want 'em to do. There's always gonna be something you disagree with. And never in the history of the United States has a president caused your life personally to get better. You did that. But here is the hook. Ronald Reagan was a broker of hope. Now you can disagree with him. You can not like him. You can argue about the politics of it, but he made the American people the hero in his talks, rather than I'm the hero elect me. And so interesting. And that is the, it got, it's gotten all twisted up, but it is the genius of the Trump slogan. If you just take the slogan, all the, all the rhetoric and all the acid and everything out, and just listen to the words, make America great again.

1 (59m 10s):
Now it's turned in to make Trump great again. We know that. I, so nobody's confused about that, but, but I'm saying if you could just say independent of all the, the rhetoric and the crap out there, if you made people believe that you were gonna make the country grid again, then they would step onto that hope and they would go, Reagan did a much better job at that than anybody in a long, long time. He was a motivator. Yeah. He's like a motivational speaker in the White House.

2 (59m 35s):
I think you have to look at it. I mean we are, we were always teaching a way of life and his set of principles and you've gotta look at it as what what you're doing is the main course and what the whoever wins the election, that's the garnish. Yeah. Because the truth is yes, there

1 (59m 50s):
Could be times, but we've got, we got so tied up in the worship of these people and even their ideas that they're sitting on the sidelines waiting to see if their God gets in. That's

2 (59m 57s):
What I'm saying. You gotta be the main course. I mean the truth. Yeah. You could have said, oh, I saved more in taxes under this person. But if you continued to do the right things you were doing, you were doing okay. No matter who was in office is the point. Exactly. So if you continue to do the right things

1 (1h 0m 11s):
I have, I have done stupid things to smart things under every one of them. That's

2 (1h 0m 14s):
Right. And you might have a time where you get a cherry on the cake and sometimes you don't get the cherry, but you still got the dessert and so you're like,

1 (1h 0m 21s):
Great. Nobody cooked the cake. They don't get that option. This is The, Ramsey, Show.

8 (1h 0m 28s):
I know. You work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget. And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make in its little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey. So you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today.

1 (1h 0m 59s):
Jade Washau Ramsey personality number one bestselling author is my co-host. Today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions, we have the Debt-free stage. If you don't know this, you ought to come by and visit us and you could see it. We'd love to have you some wonderful coffee and homemade cookies await you all on us. We won't send you an invoice. So there you go. And good stuff. And also on that debt free stage today, we have Steven with us to do his debt free scream. Hey Steven, how are you?

10 (1h 1m 26s):
I'm great Dave. how are you doing today? Better

1 (1h 1m 28s):
Than I deserve. Where do you live sir? From

10 (1h 1m 30s):
Bayville, Arkansas. Alright,

1 (1h 1m 31s):
Welcome to Nashville. thank you. And how much debt have you paid off, sir?

10 (1h 1m 35s):
I paid off $150,000. Wow. Wow. That includes $130,000 in student loans. Yay. $10,000 in credit card debt and $10,000 car payment. Wow. Wow.

1 (1h 1m 46s):
How long did this take?

10 (1h 1m 47s):
So my debt free journey started in 2018, but I went Gazelle tens the last 23 months where I paid off $86,000. Wow.

1 (1h 1m 55s):
Okay. I'm gonna call it 23 months. Well we could just say four years to 23 months. Yeah. Okay. And two, two to four years. Yes. Right. That's the plan. Yeah. But the last two years turned on the heat. And what's your, what was your average or what was your range of income during that time?

10 (1h 2m 10s):
Yeah, Dave, I mean, at one point it was zero, but it started when I graduated school at $61,000 and now it's up to 1 49. Wow. Cool.

1 (1h 2m 20s):
What do you do for a living?

10 (1h 2m 21s):
I'm a producer for a retail media company.

1 (1h 2m 24s):
Very good. Good for you. Well done man.

10 (1h 2m 27s):
Thank you very much.

1 (1h 2m 28s):
And you had a pile of student loan debt? Yes sir, I

10 (1h 2m 31s):
Did.

1 (1h 2m 31s):
So I, guess we could ask two things. How did you get tied into this Ramsey stuff back in 18? And then the second question that kind of goes with that, what changed 23 months ago?

10 (1h 2m 42s):
Yeah, Dave. So originally when I took out these student loans, I had made a deal with my parents and they were gonna pay the interest on the student loans and I was gonna pay the principal. But whenever I, I graduated and started to make the payments, they weren't making the payments. I had asked them to pay the interest like we had agreed to, and they told me that wasn't the deal that we had agreed to. Mm. They told me that month to month that they weren't gonna pay, that I was gonna pay $130,000 and then at the end in a lump sum they were gonna pay the interest. And so yeah, in 2018, I got my car stolen. Oh. and I had this debt and yeah, I was in a really rough spot and so, you know, I ended up getting a new car.

10 (1h 3m 27s):
It had SiriusXM free trial and I was just scrolling through all the channels to see what was on. and I heard a story about someone, you know, paying off their debt, started tuning into your show. And you know, I put not just myself, but my parents onto your plan And, we werere all debt free. Oh wow.

1 (1h 3m 44s):
Yes sir. Yes sir. All right. Wow. That changed a whole bunch of things. Yeah, it did. Did they ever chip in?

10 (1h 3m 51s):
Yeah, they did. So what happened 23 months ago was I set boundaries, I had to set boundaries with my parents because they still weren't paying. Mm. And not only that, they have their own issues. And so yeah, I just kind of had to go no contact with them for a little bit until I got my debt paid off. And whenever I did that they came through.

1 (1h 4m 13s):
Whoa. Yeah.

2 (1h 4m 15s):
Interesting. Yeah. Okay. Alright. so what I mean that, that part was hard. I mean, anytime you have to deal with family drama, it's draining and it's tough. But on your side of it, I mean you had a lot to pay off. so what did that take? I mean, surely you were working overtime, you were budgeting, tell us about that.

10 (1h 4m 30s):
Yeah, so this goes back to when I was in undergrad. I got my commercial driver's license at LSU and I drove the shuttle bus, the drunk bus as they would call it.

1 (1h 4m 39s):
Amen.

10 (1h 4m 40s):
Yes sir. And then whenever I got to grad school at Ole Miss a bit of a curve ball there, you know, I was working with the athletic department, gonna grad school, but then I also picked up a job doing black car service. And so I drove rich people, limousines, I got to drive around Robert De Niro one time. So that was really cool. Ah,

1 (1h 4m 56s):
Did you get a good tip?

10 (1h 4m 58s):
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, of course. He was very polite.

1 (1h 4m 60s):
Very good. thank you Robert. Good job. Yes.

10 (1h 5m 2s):
Yeah. And yeah. And so I continued doing that too. Whenever I got to Fayetteville, Arkansas, you know, of course the University of Arkansas is up there, they have college game days concerts up there. And so, you know, I signed up for Uber and would really only drive the events where there was a lot of traffic and I could make a really good profit. Mm. And yeah, besides that, using the EveryDollar budget app and sticking to the plan.

2 (1h 5m 25s):
So tell us the why behind it. Because plenty of people get student loans, plenty of people here that other people have paid off their debt, but they're like, eh, I'll just keep paying. I'll just make the payment. It's, it's not hurting me. What

1 (1h 5m 35s):
Was your why?

10 (1h 5m 37s):
Like why I took out the student loans?

1 (1h 5m 38s):
No, why, why, why you got

2 (1h 5m 39s):
Rid after

1 (1h 5m 39s):
It. Why, why you got rid of it. I mean, oh. Oh. What was driving you man? You were driven. This is awesome.

10 (1h 5m 44s):
Yeah. Well I think it's very important to note that these were private student loans. Ooh. Yeah. And so originally my parents were co-signers and you know, I was fed up with them at one point that I refinanced and took them off es co-signers to kind of prove a point that I'm ready to do this on my own. And yeah, so just really got after it. I mean, in the last 23 months I put EveryDollar I, I could towards it. I was paying 1200 a month. Nice. Plus an extra 2,500 a month. Every bonus that I got the last two years went towards that. And you know, I sold some restricted stock too to get all that taken care of.

10 (1h 6m 25s):
Nice. So,

1 (1h 6m 26s):
So how's it feel now that you did this? I'm proud of you Thank.

10 (1h 6m 30s):
You Dave, that really means a lot. Hearing from you. I feel unbelievable. Being debt free really hasn't hit me until I stand on the stage right now being in front of you guys. I have been celebrating for like the last month. You know, I, I paid it all off on July 31st and had a table for one for myself. And then, you know, this past weekend I've got a shout out to my boy Mike Boyd for letting me crash at his place. If you saw me on Broadway this weekend. No you didn't. And yeah, we just had a, a good time celebrating, so

1 (1h 7m 2s):
That's cool. Wow. Good for you man. thank you.

2 (1h 7m 3s):
Good for you. What's next?

10 (1h 7m 5s):
You know, I think for this next week I'm actually on a little road trip. My grandma, she's come down with dementia and is not doing too great. And unfortunately part of this whole process with boundaries and family is subconsciously I think I've just been distant from my whole family. And so I'm gonna go down to Louisiana, go visit her. I'm gonna go visit my brother. He's got a heart of gold. I can't wait to see him. And then, yeah, I'm gonna slide back up to Ville, Arkansas and take on baby step three. Here

1 (1h 7m 37s):
We go. Game on. Yes sir. Wow. I love it. I love it. Good for you. Well done. thank you. Well done. How old are you? 32.

10 (1h 7m 43s):
Okay.

1 (1h 7m 44s):
So there's a 26 or 27-year-old out there who's up to their neck. Yeah. And doesn't know they can get out. That was you. That's right. Talk to you back then.

10 (1h 7m 59s):
Work hard man. Work hard. You know, the job market right now wouldn't be, you know, is probably not that hot. So focus on yourself, level up, go get therapy. That honestly, seeing a therapist over the last three years has really helped battle my anxiety, set boundaries with my parents and stick to my core values of honesty and respect. You know, I think those two values weren't really present in my family growing up or throughout this process. And so, you know, I've had to make sure I do an audit with all my friends and make sure that everyone is holding up to those same standards that I hold to myself.

10 (1h 8m 39s):
And then I've also had to look at myself and take accountability Dave because I took out the loans. Ultimately it was my decision to do that. and I had to, you know, sleep in the bed I made. so I had to take care of that. Yeah.

1 (1h 8m 51s):
Good for you. Well done. thank you. Yeah. The answer is hard work. The

2 (1h 8m 54s):
Answer is

1 (1h 8m 55s):
Hard work, sir. Once again, hard

2 (1h 8m 56s):
Work

1 (1h 8m 57s):
Is hard. And the weird thing is your anxiety goes down 'cause you haven't got time to worry 'cause you're too tired. I know that's right. All you're doing's working.

2 (1h 9m 4s):
I know that's right. I cannot no time for drama. I love it.

1 (1h 9m 8s):
We don't. Well done Steven. thank you Jeff. Well done man. You're a hero. You took control of your life in a society where that's not a popular thing to do. Sit around, blame everybody else. Nope. I went and fixed it. Drove Uber for Robert De Niro. There we go. That's how I fixed it. There we go. Good tip Robert. Well done. All right. Oh man. Congratulations. Alright, Steven from Fayetteville, Arkansas, $150,000 paid off the majority of it in the last 23 months of Gazelle Intensity making 61 up to 1 49 counted down. Let's hear a debt free scream.

10 (1h 9m 48s):
3, 2, 1. I'm dead. Sweet.

1 (1h 9m 57s):
Woo.

2 (1h 9m 58s):
We've never seen choreography.

1 (1h 9m 60s):
That's, I'll take it. I'll take it. I like it. Great. Good job, Steven, man. Hey guys, you just listened to this for the first time. I think Steven just told you you need to go do it. Yeah, I'm talking to you. Yeah, you This is The Ramsey Show.

Ramsey Solutions (1h 10m 24s):
Hey you guys. Rachel Cruz here. There's no secret that a marriage gets stronger when you invest time in it. And money and Marriage getaway hosted by me and Dr. John Delony is the perfect way to do that. This three day event in Nashville is for couples to leave their busy schedules behind and learn how to win with money, grow in their connection, and strengthen their communication. Our Fall event is already sold out, but the next one is happening over Valentine's 2025. And you can still get tickets for $799 a couple if you hurry. If you're working through the baby steps and a getaway just isn't the right move right now, do not worry. We are going to be bringing you a taste of the getaway to the comfort of your couch with money and marriage date nights, a one night virtual event on October 29th. That will refresh your connection and communication, especially over the stressful holiday season. But hurry, because early bird prices are $39 until October 6th. Get your tickets for all money and marriage events at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.

1 (1h 11m 26s):
Jade Wash All Ramsey personality is my co-host today Thank you for joining us. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five.

Ramsey Solutions (1h 11m 36s):
Hey, we were talking about the real estate market a while ago and how people are sidelined because they can't find a property because of supply. They can't, they don't wanna walk away from their 2% loan or they're waiting on the presidential election or whatever. Really, if you're ready to move, I wouldn't let any of those things hold me back personally. And if you need some help, get with one of the Ramsey trusted agents, all you gotta do is go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate and our guys can actually help you get a house sold or bought in this weird market and help you help you pull this thing off.

Ramsey Network (1h 12m 14s):
The other thing you need to know as this particular segment comes to a close, the show will continue on the Ramsey app, The Ramsey Network app. And if you wanna get the entire show every day YouTube or podcast or whatever, you can get video or podcast, you can get the whole thing on The Ramsey Network app free. Doesn't cost a thing or you know, if you're on talk radio, you're gonna get what you've always gotten wherever it is. Nothing has changed there. But a couple months ago we made the shift to the last portion of the show is now on The Ramsey Network app. There was all kinds of data and stuff that went into that decision. And now that we are 60 days or so into that, it has proven to be true. Mm. So our YouTube listenership or viewership is up nice. Our podcast completion rate and everything is up and we've still got the same amount of content. And you go to Ramsey Network app, you need to get the whole thing there, or at least the last segment there. If you haven't downloaded The Ramsey Network app for free, not, we're not charging a thing for this. Okay. You can go get it anytime you wanna go get it. So just go over to the Apple store or the Google Play or whatever you're gonna do and download the app and, and get The Ramsey Network app to get started. And so as this segment wraps up, we'll jump over to there with you. Or again, if your talk radio or whatever you're, you're gonna be what you're gonna get what you've always gotten. Exactly.

1 (1h 13m 39s):
Okay. Amanda's in Washington DC Hi Amanda, how are you?

4 (1h 13m 45s):
I'm great. how are you all doing today?

1 (1h 13m 47s):
Better than we deserve. What's up?

4 (1h 13m 50s):
Hey, so I have a question. I just discovered you all a couple months ago, thank God. My husband and I are in about a total of 90,000 debt and I'm full on board. Like I don't plan on using credit anymore, ever. I do own a business by the way. And so we're going through trying to figure out how to get through the baby steps the best way. But he asked me, he said, Hey, if you don't plan on using debt ever again, why don't you just file for bankruptcy? And what's

1 (1h 14m 26s):
A, where's he, what wouldn't it be we,

4 (1h 14m 32s):
Yeah,

2 (1h 14m 33s):
Is it business debt? Is that why he's looking at it that way?

4 (1h 14m 36s):
Correct. Okay. Well, no, we, it's the 90,000 is inclusive of, of everything personal and business.

2 (1h 14m 43s):
Okay. Okay.

1 (1h 14m 45s):
So why would you file bankruptcy and he wouldn't?

4 (1h 14m 49s):
Well I guess he's looking at it as, as my debt rather than our debt. And that's part of us getting on board with everything Ramsey. 'cause before then we didn't have our finances combined. Okay. So we're kind of still trying to change the language and everything like that. Okay.

1 (1h 15m 6s):
Okay.

2 (1h 15m 8s):
How long have you been married?

4 (1h 15m 11s):
Three years this November.

1 (1h 15m 13s):
Okay. And, and break the 90,000 in debt down for me a little bit. What are the major categories?

4 (1h 15m 19s):
Yep. so I, I have the student loan about 40 K in student loan. And then pretty, pretty much the rest is just like credit cards and personal debt. There's no car? Well, no, just a little bit of cars like 1900, but it's pretty much just credit card debt.

2 (1h 15m 37s):
And is the credit cards you're using to keep the business going and what kind of business is it?

4 (1h 15m 42s):
Yes, so two of them were used specifically for the business and then the other were just personal between the both of us.

1 (1h 15m 49s):
Okay. Is the business profitable?

4 (1h 15m 52s):
It is. It's, it's getting there now. It's been open less than a year and, you know, every

1 (1h 15m 58s):
Month. I mean, getting there is not, what I asked is, are you making a profit this month?

4 (1h 16m 3s):
Yes, yes. Yes.

1 (1h 16m 4s):
How much do you make this month? Profit.

4 (1h 16m 7s):
Profit wise? Yeah. A little under a thousand dollars.

1 (1h 16m 12s):
Okay. Okay. So you currently have a $12,000 a year job, which puts you at the poverty level. If you don't get this business moving,

2 (1h 16m 19s):
Which

1 (1h 16m 20s):
You don't have a debt problem, you have an income problem.

4 (1h 16m 23s):
No. So that's not the only job that I have. Okay.

2 (1h 16m 25s):
Oh good, good, good. I was gonna ask about that. I was gonna say, this sounds a little bit more like a hustle until it's off the ground. Are you doing anything in the meantime? Correct. Okay, great. Yes. so what do you do? What, what's your main job?

1 (1h 16m 35s):
Your, yeah, what's your income?

4 (1h 16m 38s):
My income is, we bring about 8,500 to 9,000 a month together. I'm a nurse practitioner.

2 (1h 16m 46s):
Okay.

1 (1h 16m 47s):
Okay. And, and that, and so we have our income together that you're, but we don't have our debt together. So here's the thing, student loans are not bankruptable.

4 (1h 16m 57s):
Right. Okay.

1 (1h 16m 57s):
So you have a $40,000 Bankruptcy or 50,000 bankruptcy, you're talking about not a 90. And you make Oh, okay. And, and you make, you're, you're not gonna get relief from everything by filing bankruptcy. You're just gonna get relief from about half of it. Okay. And do you own a home?

4 (1h 17m 17s):
Yes. Okay.

1 (1h 17m 19s):
It's gonna be in jeopardy depending on how much equity you have. Do you have any equity in it?

4 (1h 17m 24s):
Yes. About 130 K is the last time I checked.

1 (1h 17m 30s):
Okay. Alright. Do you actually live in DC or do you live in Virginia?

4 (1h 17m 36s):
No, outside in, in Maryland. Actually.

1 (1h 17m 38s):
In Maryland. Okay. Each. Okay. Just for fun of it, I'll explain to this to you, but it, it is not gonna change our answer, but it's got but it knowledge, I'll help you. Okay. So when you file bankruptcy, you surrender all of your assets to the court and the court starts dolling them back out to you. So the court would take ownership of your home. Not formally, but technically. And then depending on what Maryland has, type that into Google right Quick. What's the homestead exemption in Maryland? Jade, while I'm yacking and depending on what the homestead exemption is in Tennessee, it's $7,500. Okay. And so the court would let you keep $7,500 of your house equity after they sold your house to pay your debt?

4 (1h 18m 25s):
Oh no.

1 (1h 18m 27s):
Yeah. If you were in Tennessee, now don don't know what it is in Maryland. Right, right, right. But in Texas it's a hundred percent in, in, you get to keep all of it. It's exempt. And if so, is it in Florida? Okay, so each state's different, but let's say that it's 50,000 just for the fun of it. J del Cabot in a minute. Okay. But basically your home equity's gonna go to pay your debt is what I'm telling you.

4 (1h 18m 51s):
Mm.

1 (1h 18m 52s):
So your husband's suggestion is based in not knowing what's gonna happen to you if you file bankruptcy. So you find homestead exemption and bankruptcy for Maryland,

2 (1h 19m 4s):
It's there, but it's not clear.

1 (1h 19m 6s):
It doesn't say what it is. Let's see. No, it should be just a little chart pop up. I know. Okay. Anyway, doesn't matter. You're gonna probably you unless they have a hundred percent, which don don't think they do. Exemption. Okay. 20 thou 5,150. Kelly just found it in the booth. Sweet. Okay. So 75,000 of your home equity would go to pay your $50,000 worth of debt. So you can't file bankruptcy, you'll lose your house and it'll pay your debt. Oh shoot. You'd just be selling your house to pay your debts. What you'd be doing. You

4 (1h 19m 35s):
Follow me? No, I definitely don't wanna do that. No,

1 (1h 19m 37s):
We

4 (1h 19m 37s):
Don't wanna do that. No, no,

1 (1h 19m 39s):
No. And still end up with a stinking student loan debt.

2 (1h 19m 42s):
You know it. Yeah.

4 (1h 19m 43s):
Correct.

1 (1h 19m 43s):
Yeah, no. So bankruptcy's off the table. Okay. Okay. Even if it, if that wasn't the case, you still wouldn't file bankruptcy when you have 120, $130,000 income on $50,000 worth of debt. 'cause the 40,000 student loan's not bankruptable anyway. So even if you didn't lose your house, you wouldn't do that.

2 (1h 20m 2s):
I mean, what if you guys just lived on 80,000 and paid it off in two years?

1 (1h 20m 5s):
Yeah,

4 (1h 20m 7s):
So I've done all the math and everything. He was very hesitant, but is going along now with the plan. Okay. Because I I, we did this back in June. Wow. Yeah. So I'm and I, that's what I calculated was 24 to 26 months. That's what I had calculated. And

2 (1h 20m 25s):
That's, assume that's how you are now, that's assuming you're not adding any extra income.

1 (1h 20m 29s):
If your business, your side hustle takes off and doubles, you'd do it in half, you'd do it in 18 months. That's right.

4 (1h 20m 34s):
Exactly. And

1 (1h 20m 35s):
That's so you need, you guys need to get on beans and rice, rice and beans on a plan. You need to combine your debts, combine your household, combine your incomes, and combine your efforts and focus and kill this. You're not bankrupt.

2 (1h 20m 47s):
And if you're not using EveryDollar, you need to get on EveryDollar because that is gonna be the foundation of all of this. If you don't have that, you're not gonna move at the speed you think you're gonna move. Yeah.

1 (1h 20m 55s):
Hang on. We'll let them pick up and give you that for free. Okay? We want you to not file bankruptcy. You're not bankrupt, you don't need to file bankruptcy.

8 (1h 21m 32s):
Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play Store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing. Bye B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.