
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Jade Washau, number one bestselling author. And Ramsey Personality is my co-host today, Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. Jade Producer James has requested that we address current events, which we seldom do on this podcast because we never know when you people are gonna listen to it. 'cause by the time some of you listen to this, it won't be current anymore.


But current events are that the stock market is, has dropped dramatically. Oh in the last couple of days. And cue the whining, screaming and gnashing of teeth that everyone's going to die and we're all going to retire and have to eat. Alpo routine. Not good for Democrats if the stock market goes down and fears of a recession are looming. Not good economics unseats more administrations than anything else in history. So those of you worried about other things. Anyway, the reason I, number one, most of the time we just talk about stuff here that you could listen to it three years from now and it would still be the same answer.


Right? And it helps you all the time. It's called, huh? Called modular or evergreen content and, but anyway, stock market's down and so far kind of a yawn, except it hadn't been down in a long time. It's been a couple years since you all have experienced a downturn. Like 20 was pretty dramatic. Took a big old dive. There was something going on in March, if I remember, of 20. And the old market took a dive and the world was coming to an end and we were all gonna die. And you know, then to, you remember, I mean that what it, What was it in March, 2020? I, I don't remember but the, it affected my memory. But I've got PTS Fauci and so Fauci, PTSD, but the, anyway, here's the deal.


If the thing levels out sometime this week, it's not even gonna make the top a hundred worst days. It's pretty much a ya as downturns go. This one's not really exciting. Now if it continue to dive you day over day, over day over day, a thousand points a day for four or five days, we'd just have something to actually discuss. But right now it's more of your emotions that we want to address. Because here's why is the stock market going down Dave, why is it going down? Well, because the jobs report came out and said jobs suck. Job worst jobs hiring worst hiring quarter in a long, long time. Yeah. More people unemployed. Nothing like the eighties, nothing like other times when there was real unemployment.


But it's actually a downturn there. There's some other indications the Fed is screwing around again. Yeah. Which is a good way to get a president or a vice president. Unseed as well. If you wanna throw 'em out, just screw with the interest rates, boys. That'll do it. And so they're gonna, they're gonna screw around with that apparently. And you know, everyone has declared there's a recession. You one more time. People you don't get to declare there's a recession. There's a definition of a recession. A recession. Well have you heard people say vibe session? Have you heard that? No. It's the feeling, it's the vibe that we're in a recession. You Know what, I'll go with that.


There is a malaise out there, there is a cloud, a fog, whatever out there, A vibe session. I'll go with that. But, 'cause you can define that as a feeling. It's a feeling. But a recession is not a feeling. You gotta go With real numbers. Recession is economic fact gross domestic product. GDP is the measure of all goods and services in the US has to contract be less than two quarters in a row. What it was before that is the definite until it does that, it's not a recession. That's right. I don't care. Well it feels, I don't care how you feel. If you want to call it a vibe session or what, what a vibe session. That's right. Vibe session. A vibe session Sounds like a session where we had vibes, but yeah, sounds like a music. Sounds like an album, but the album cover an old vinyl from the seventies when drugs were good to your parents and so that kind of stuff.


Anyway. But yeah. So, alright. Investors are running for the hills. They're selling off. Yeah. Crypto and especially tech stocks. So Bureau of Labor stats report, the US economy Added poor, added Poor Jobs Report AI is still a scare. This article from CNN says, and it says recession fears are mounting overall. And so the Fed and they're worried about the Fed. So ai, the fed, the jobs report all pour into this idea that things are horrible. And so the stock market is overreacting and, and you might add that Iran and oh yeah, Israel might be, we're getting about the dance. So not going to be good for Iran.


Just, I've been to Israel several times. Not a group of people you wanna mess with. So the, there's A lot going on. There's a lot going on. It's got everything screwed up and turned up. And so, and lemme tell you about this short term. The stock market going up or down is a bunch of drama queens. They run on a motion on a daily basis over all over an annual period or you know, four or five months. It runs on numbers. But on a day-to-day basis, you can, you know, you can just shout the sky is falling, the sky is falling And there yeah, Chicken little will run.


so what do you do out there when you see the stock market drop? I don't do anything I'm tempted to buy because I think it's on sale, but I don't do anything because I don't day trade. Yeah. I keep So, I don't, I don't buy And. I don't sell based on this crap. Yeah. I just keep buying all the time. Every, every month I just keep buying dollar Cost Average. Gonna load my 401k up, gonna load my Roth, IRA up, gonna load up my automatic draft on my checking account. Yeah. That goes into the mutual funds. And when it goes down I'm gonna smile. 'cause I just bought it on sale because 10 years from now, yeah, you won't even remember this crap 10 years from now, you won't even know who was president.


You'll have to think about it. Who was quick? Who was president 10 years ago? See, I got you. Alright, so, so anyway. But that, that's, see what I mean? It's just like you, you, you, you get all torked out about this stuff. You, you know, you mean there was a Oh yeah, I remember. Yeah. And Do you even log in and check? I, I, I do not, if I see this headline, I'm not even checking. I came in changed, said we need to talk about the fuck market. And I said what? And he goes, don't you watch the news? And I said, no, I don't watch the news. I saw somebody post something about it on Instagram. And I was like, okay. But I think that the people who watch their their accounts like that, that's where the temptation lies. Well That's like a Dr. John Delony anxiety producing event.


Don't do it. If you check your, if you check your accounts every morning, you're a spazz. Okay, yeah. You're gonna spazz out. You're, you know, you are as if it's not a hobby. That's just weird. Don't, I don't even look at mine. I look at mine once a twice a year. Yeah. And if I'm doing some kind of year end final, I'll say, okay, how did it do compared to the other indexes this year? Do I need to move anything? But I'm just, you know, for 35 or 40 years I have put money in, put money in, put money in, taken almost no money out and there's a lot of money in there. Well, let's talk about that for a second, Dave, because we, we both said, I'm the type of person, you know, I set my 401k contributions, I set, you know, all my contr contributions, they're set, they happen automatically.


I'm not thinking about it. But for somebody who might say, well Dave is now a good time for me to throw in some extra money. I'm at 15%. Can I go in with a lump sum and buy more? No, just 'cause you don't wanna build up the muscle of day trading and timing. You don't wanna try time. The market, all the data, all the research tells us people who try to time the market, make less money than people who steadily invest. It's just, there's like 15 or 20 serious research projects that reveal mathematically if you steadily invest over a 10 year period of time versus trying to jump in, trying to jump out, trying to catch it, trying to make you just, you, you screw yourself by dancing with the devil. Don't do it. This is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Jade Washau. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today Javier's with us in Salt Lake City. Hi Javier, how are you? I'm doing well. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So overarching question is that my mom took out a bunch of loans in my name, she's making minimum payments, but I'm trying to kind of get this whole thing sorted out and out of my name. How would you suggest that I approach her the situation as a whole? How old are you? I'm 27. When did all this happen, hon?


It started back in 22. I wanna say 21, 22. It was after my divorce. So I was kind just starting caution to the wind and just saying yes to everything. Oh, so you agreed to her doing this? Yes. The oh, it all started because the landlord wanted to sell the house that she, that I grew up in, that she's currently living in. And she offered us a pretty good deal and my brother And I, we bought the house together for my mom and now she's struggling to make the payments and I'm just waiting for the day that I get a call that, hey, your payment's due. And my wife And I, we can't afford the payment ourselves.


So I just don't know what to do. Wow. You bought the house together for your mom And then she took out credit card loans in your name, all with your permission? Yes sir. So whose name? Yes ma'am. Who, whose name is on the mortgage? Yours? Yes sir. And she's living in and but she's living in the house? Yes. Rent Free. And the house, the, the, the na the the property is titled to you as well, correct? Correct. She's paying the mortgage. It's just that her credit was too poor to actually, I understand. Take the loan out herself. So going back to the, the other debt, the other loan, how, how much money are we talking about on the credit cards?


Shy of 20,000. And what, what does your mom make a year? She's self-employed. She won't really gimme a straight answer. If you had to guess what, what would you, what would you Say? Not much. She doesn't work much. She sucks blood off of her sons. Okay. She's a parasite. It's a horrible thing to say about your mother. I'm so sorry. Just an observation. What's your living situation? I am currently living in an apartment in Utah. And the house is in another state? Yeah. Oh wow. And your wife is not happy with this situation? I would assume She is not and I'm not either. Okay. Alright.


Okay. And how old is mom? 55. Ballpark? Yeah. Okay. So, and what is the house worth that she's living in? I would say three 50 to four. And what do you owe on it? I want to say 2 20, 2 50. I don't honestly know. Yeah. Is your brother also on the mortgage? Yes, my brother's on the mortgage as Well. And on the deed as well? Yeah. Okay. So if you guys, What's your brother saying about all this? My brother wants to keep the house and he's just happy to go along because he wants to keep it for sentimental value.


I personally agree with your team, but it's just a house. We can get another one. Yeah. So what would I do if I woke up in your shoes? This is going to be what is called a difficult conversation, my friend. Your mom has gotten away with this misbehavior under producing and unbelievable asks of her grown sons. Rather than taking care of herself, a 55-year-old woman ought to be able to build a sustainable life without sucking the blood off of her children.


Okay. Or man for that matter. Sure. Okay. So this is not positive. Your mom is not in a good situation mentally and spiritually because otherwise she wouldn't have done this to her own kids. And of course you all aren't 'cause you allowed it to happen. Oh no. You straight up endorsed it. so what, what I would do if I woke up in your shoes is I would go, how long ago did you get married? My wife And. I. We got married in a month ago. Okay. This is gonna, this is gonna come down on your wife. If you're not real careful from your mother, your mother's gonna blame her 'cause she's the new thing on the scene. And about that time you evict your mom. So she's gonna end up blaming your wife if you're not real careful.


So your wife does not need to be anywhere near this conversation, nor do you quote her, nor do you even bring her up. She's not physically in the room. She's nowhere around because it's not her fault. Okay? So you need to travel with your brother and sit down with your mom and say, guys, I can't do this anymore. I'm looking at the future 10 year, 10 years into the future. And all I see is pain and trouble. There's a problem here. You're not, you're ruining my credit. You're gonna, I'm waiting for the phone call when you don't pay the mortgage. And so what we're going to do is we're going to sell the house, we're going to pay all the debt off and, and we're gonna pay the taxes associated with selling the house if there are any.


There shouldn't. No, there will be. 'cause it's not a personal residence. You may have some tax capital gains on this. So you pay your taxes and then you say, as for my half of what is left over equity, mom, I'm gonna give that to you as a partying gift and you can go set yourself up a life with that. And I'm not going to do anything anymore in the future. That's it brother. You can do with your half, whatever you choose to do. If you wanna help mom, get a house with that, that's fine. I'm done. We're selling the house, we're paying off the credit cards and I'll give you my half of what's left over after that. After taxes.


Do you anticipate your brother holding up that process or do you think that'll go along with it? I think he would hold it up because he's not big on Ramsey. I found you guys 'cause I found your book breaking free from broke. Well, I mean, forget about the Ramsey part, just the idea of you cleaning this up. 'cause it's very messy. That's Anything to do with Ramsey. It's got to do with your mother screwing her own kids over. Yeah. I honestly think he would not go along with it. 'cause he's seeing it as an investment on his Then he can buy you out. He can buy you out. That's another option. But honey, we're selling the house. If he doesn't want to sell the house, then it's gonna be a civil court action.


And the judge is going to demand that the partnership be dissolved by the selling of the house. We're selling the house. And the way I'm not asking, we're telling you this is what we're doing and the way you need to now, if you wanna buy me out, that's okay. The Way you need to think of this is, this is saving your marriage, by the way. Yeah. Because your wife is not gonna sit around and let your mom be the reason that she's not in her new house. You guys are in an apartment, you've been married for a month. If this messes around and causes you guys the future, the future that she's envisioned, you're gonna have a much bigger problem on your hands. Yeah. Mom, I love you and I've done more for you than I should have. And I put myself and my future family in jeopardy because of you. Yeah. And you continue to misbehave with this.


My bills are not being paid. You're destroying my credit and my future. We're selling the house. Little brother. If you don't wanna sell it, you can buy me out. You got 10 minutes. Ready, set, go. You're on the clock. Okay. 'cause your little brother's codependent like you were until something woke you up. And again, this has got nothing to do with Ramsey. Don't you blame it on your ex, don't you blame it on your new wife? And don't you blame it on Ramsey. It's not Ramsey. This is you stood up. I'm a 27-year-old freaking man with a backbone. And this is madness. And the madness ends. It's not a sign of love to continue in codependency. This is not an act of love. There's no love in this discussion.


You can be kind, gentle. You don't have to be yelling and screaming, but we are selling the house. You can either do it voluntarily or I'll have a judge make you sell the house. We are selling the house. So y'all get your heads around that. Whatever flopping in the floor and foaming at the mouth you need to do. But get your heads around that we are selling the house. It's not an option. The only other option is, brother, you buy me out or Mom, y'all buy me out. Get me off the mortgage and pay off all the credit cards. And you gotta do that in 90 days and you gotta ready, set, go. And if you're not gonna do that, we are selling the house. The best thing for mom, by the way, to sell the house. Yes. She put some money in her pocket. Tell her to get a freaking job.


Self-employed for her is code for I don't work much. That's what that is. It's code. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey good folks. The Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first. And that means that I have to do the things that keep me well and whole And I know that you have to do those same things too. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact My friend at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself. And most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos in this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call My friend at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp EL p.com/deone.


Jade Shaw Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America.


The $12 Sale is here through August 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com. In the store. $12 books help you raise money. Smart Kids. That's right. The Smart Money Smart Kids. number one bestseller by Rachel Cruz and Me on sale for $12. $12. Books help you get out of debt. Build wealth. That's right. Baby Steps millionaires. That's right. And of course you can get the Total Money Makeover. $12 $12. Books help you build a peaceful and joyful life. Dr. John Delony walks you through the six daily choices you need to make and build a more peaceful life. Building a non anxious life. $12 resources help you find work that really matters. Like Ken Coleman's book, paycheck to Purpose, all of these amazing deals. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash sale.


Mac is in Seattle. Hey Mac, welcome to The Ramsey Show. How you doing? Dave Better than I deserve. What's up So? I am currently a business analyst. I work remote and I'm 28 years old. I have a fear of sooner or later becoming unmarketable make a decent wage. But I'm basically working off a bachelor's degree. And so I'm trying to decide if it's worth taking a student loan out to also cut time from my current job to either go back an MBA or an MBA adjacent or completely do like a career shift into something that is a little bit more desirable, a little bit more fulfilling, but might even be a dip in terms of my compensation or who knows what the career would bring with that.


It's kind of a question of do I continue to do something I'm good at but not necessarily something I I'm stoked about? Or do I kind of mix between doing that with an MBA or completely shift, you know, take the time now to shift into, you know, something completely different for the rest of my life, but also taking a financial risk with that. Well I'm definitely not interested in you going into debt to further the education and I'm certainly not interested in you going into debt for a job that you're not even really stoked about. Right. So that's the first thought. My second thought is, what would be the other thing that you would do that might, you know, bring less money but you're happier doing it?


What is, what do you have in mind when you say that? So for the longest time I've wanted to be an architect, but I know that that market is a bit saturated. Saturated takes a lot of credentialing to eventually get to a point where you can make a decent bit of a wage and have a have a good healthy income. So, I, something you're stop, stop, stop. You're making decisions based on a wrong assumption here. Here's the wrong assumption. You're making that degrees or credentialing cause people to be successful. Nope they don't. Degrees put tools in the belts of people who are going to go leave the cave, kill something and drag it home.


Credentialing puts tools in your belt. And so the reason some lawyers are successful and some aren't, is not because of law school. It's not because of passing the bar. It's because they chose to get it. They chose to get out in the market and climb and grow and be ambitious and read and continue their own growth curve and approach it. And so the reason some architects, you know, anytime I hear the market's saturated, I just think of lawyers. They're freaking everywhere. God we can't get rid of 'em.


They're like roaches. They're everywhere. Yeah. And, and yet some of them make 500 bucks an hour, you know, it's killing me. Same thing's true with architects. There's always somebody that gets better at their job. That's right. You know, continues. There's other people can't seem to find a what job? Making a living as a CAD supervisor and they've got an architectural degree, but that's got to do with the person, not the degree and not the space and not the credentialing. You know, I've been podcasting for God's sakes. You know, who's got a podcast? Every human on the planet has a podcast. You know what's causing this to be one of the top five podcasts in the entire world? Nothing to do with credentialing buddy.


I'll tell you that. Nothing to do with my dad gum degree. Nobody even asked what my degree is. I got a PhD in DUMB. so what I want you to do is figure out what you wanna do with your life and go be the very best at that. If you need to put some tools in your belt, fine. But don't sit at home doing remote work, worrying about the marketplace. The marketplace is always gonna kick you in the stomach if you suck. And the marketplace is always gonna fill your wallet if you're awesome. I think that we need to make sure you leave here. Ken Coleman has a really great book. Find the work you're wired to do and inside of it there's an assessment that you can take And I think it's really gonna help you figure out what it is that you wanna do.


And then the book is gonna help you walk through the results of your assessment so you can really narrow in and hone into what it is that you wanna do. Because here's the thing, I don't want you going off spending a bunch of money Yeah. When you have a bunch of question marks. Right? Exactly. So let's And I do want you to go get an MBA if it's part of the tools for your belt. It's an excellent degree field. It's a horrible degree field for somebody that doesn't wanna be in business, that wants to be an architect. Right. So it would be a bad idea, you know, don't do that. But hey and business analyst with an undergrad man, I got a, a friend of mine, he's a 42-year-old guy. He's a great, a 43-year-old guy. He made 250 last year. He's got an undergrad that's great. He's got an undergrad in finance.


He's a business analyst and he's, he, you know what? But he's really good at it, you know, and he works really hard and he is good with people and he sees, has common sense insights when he is doing his analysis, not just crunching numbers. Like some broke finance professor. So, you know, that's the trick man. Don't believe this lie that because I got a degree I'm guaranteed something or because I go get another one. That's gonna be what opens the door to a fully saturated market. Ugh. No, you Gotta add add the secret sauce to it. No, no. You boys parents teach your children that their cause of their success is them. That's right. Teach 'em to stand up straight, bathe regularly, shake a hand and smile and brush your teeth.


You gotta bathe And don't send your mother on your job interview. Teach your children to have some moxie, some confidence. Teach 'em to do hard things and scary things and teach 'em to persevere when they get a little bit scared. Not collapse in the floor. Teach 'em. Teach 'em to have some skeletal structure to their character and to believe in God who loves them and is bigger than them and will carry them through when they don't think they can get through. Teach them these things and then let them get a degree. But quit worshiping at not, not picking on you Mac, but it's just, it's it's everybody out there quit worshiping at the altar of where somebody went to school. Nobody gives a crap where you went to school.


Nobody ever asked their oncologist right after they got a cancer diagnosis. Now where'd you go to school? Nobody ever said that, ever. How many of you even ask your divorce attorney where he went to school? You didn't care. You just went, get me out of this. All you care is didn't they do their job? True. Do they know what they're doing? And all you care is, did you put the tools in your belt while you were studying? Nobody has asked my GPA ever once since I left school. 40 freaking years. I've been waiting for somebody to ask for my GPA. No one has ever asked me for my degree. I don't even know where it's at. You know how some people have been? Oh, you Mean the little, the little diploma, the little Paper that people put in a frame and like put behind their, their zoom?


Yeah, man, I got mine. I got mine like framed. Did you? Yeah. I was so proud. 'cause I, I just barely got out. So I got out okay. But no one, no one cared. No one ever asked me about it. You know, they, they had that little thing, this what do you call graduation ceremony? Did You walk? You didn't walk? I walked to work. I was working that day 'cause I was hungry. I heard that. The idea of spending money and taking a day off from work when I had a buck 67 in my checking account. That's what I walked. That's so true. Yeah. Now Oh man, I, you know, oddly enough though, my son graduated from business college, got a degree, Daniel, several years, what? 15 years ago, 10 years ago, 12 years ago, whatever it was at, at the University of Tennessee.


Same business school I did. And they let me do the commencement exercise That is a full circle moment. So I got to, I got to walk That is very, very full circle. And I went up there like, like a academic type person or something with all the little hats and stuff. It was pretty cool. I had a full circle moment like that when I graduated with a music degree. The first cruise line I auditioned for to be a, a vocalist that I didn't get through the audition. But when we became talent agents, they were the first agency that we signed as working So I was like, wow, this is a full circle moment. I don't know if you realize this, but when I auditioned you said no, I Wasn't good enough to sing for you, but I'll hire all your singers. There we go. They'll Remain nameless for now It sounds like something cruises.


Yeah. Yeah. Cruise line ink. Yeah, that's right. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one and you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey


Jade Washau Ramsey Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. Sarah is in Atlanta. Hi Sarah, how can we help? Hey y'all, how are you doing Great, how are you? I'm doing great. Thank you so much for taking my call. My husband And I, we have three small children. We have a 4-year-old, a 2-year-old, and a 1-year-old. And in January of this year, our 4-year-old got diagnosed with leukemia and so I'm, yeah, he's actually doing super well. So, you know, it's not been quite as bad as we thought, but I'm calling because my husband, And, I are wondering if we should pause our baby steps and just save money or if we should go ahead and continue with the baby steps.


Definitely pause and save money. What baby step are you on? Two. We're on. Yeah, we're on baby. Step number two, we only have $7,000 left on a car and we could actually pay it off today. It would just be kind of a big hit to our savings account. Yeah. How much is in your savings? We have about $11,000 thanks to our community. Okay. Raising money for us when he got diagnosed. Yeah. What's the, what's the prognosis? Is it a situation where it's, you're gonna go through this line of treatment and then everything should be good on the other side? Do you have a timeline in mind? It sounds like you do. Yeah, so he, for most leukemias it's three years of treatment, but the first eight months are like extremely hard.


We're actually right at the end of that eight months You went back to school today, which is super exciting. Oh good. I know. It was great. And we are super blessed. We got something called Katie Beckett Medicaid, if you're familiar with that. It's a type of Medicaid that for, for families that make more than the Medicaid limit and it'll come behind like a child and we'll cover the 20% that your insurance won't cover. So we're actually not looking at massive medical bills. Okay. The scary part is that like at any point he could get an infection and we could be in the hospital for 10 plus days. And I just may have to take FMLA. Okay. So that's kind of what we like. What do you Make My husband And I met about a hundred thousand dollars. How much of that is you?


I make about 60,000 of that. Okay. Alright. With the growth, like, I obviously bring home less, But, alright. No number one Jade's, right? The, the very first, and you've already done this and if I'm in your situation, we got grand babies that age. There's, there's job one beat leukemia. Yeah. No other job. Total focus. Okay. Job one. If there's any crumbs left in our lives, emotionally, spiritually, financially, after we do job one, we can talk about doing other stuff, but it's only if there's crumbs left.


Okay. Yeah. So it's, I I I would never personally nor would I ever recommend you do anything except beat cancer. Mm. That's it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Period. Now it sounds like you're entering the second season, which is lighter by your explanation. I don't know anything about that, but yes. I'm going off of your explanation. Okay. Yeah, that's Correct. And, and this, this is more of a, you've gone from very intense to a maintenance if, if you will, is I'm, I'm using layman's terms. I have no idea what I'm talking about. That's what I think I'm hearing. Is that right? Yes. It's actually called maintenance. Oh wow. So you can Be Oh wow, wow.


Stumbled into it. Who knew? Okay. And so, you know, it sounds, in other words, we've kind of gotten past a the panic that when you say that, that c word over my child and then, then we've also now gotten the other side of the tough medical eight months of hell. And now we're, you know, now we're gonna put the finishing touches on the death of cancer. Right. And, but that's gonna be a little more gradual. We've gone from a sprint to a marathon. Is am I ca these metaphors working at all? Oh? my gosh, absolutely. Yes. Okay. Alright. I'm just trying to understand, I wanna make sure I understand before I Yeah. so what I wanna say is, what we always say is when you're facing a storm stop your, your baby steps stop your total money makeover and address the storm.


And so what you and your husband have got to decide is mathematically financially a month from now, two months from now with the eight month period in the rear view mirror, do we feel like we're out of the storm, it's still raining, but the wind quit blowing and the lightning quit crashing? Or do we feel like we're in a predictable, sustainable environment where we feel safe to go ahead and pay off the car safe to resume our financial plan without putting the cancer treatment process in jeopardy at all? Yeah. That, that's the way I'd look at it. Okay. When you feel safe, and that makes no sense. Yeah. When you feel safe, then, then you go again.


So like, if you lose your job, which is nothing in compared to what you're doing, but it's still a thing, you know, once you get the new job and you get a paycheck, you push play again and you go, you're the other side of the unemployment storm. Right. Once you have a child, a pregnancy, it's not, it's not in the same bucket emotionally, but it is a still a situation where stop, we pile up money, mommy and baby come home, we push play again. So when we get the event, the, the situation, no matter how scary or negative or positive it is in our rear view mirror, then we push play and we go, but we don't try to do, we don't take it down to a thousand dollars and try to beat cancer in a 4-year-old.


No, No. That's just stressful. Okay. That, that feels stressful. Yeah. I think, yeah, it's just, we've had some stints where he's gotten an infection and we've been in the hospital for a long time and I've actually, we've both worked through it, like working from the hospital and it's very hard emotionally. Yeah, No, well you're probably gonna do that anyway because you want to just keep careers, you wanna keep life moving. Yeah. But that's not got to do with hitting the total money makeover baby step goal. That's just got to do with, we just gotta keep this thing rolling, we gotta keep the wheels on the bus, you know? Well, Yeah, that's a different posture when you're working because you need some, you know, you need to keep working versus there's no money in the account. If I don't work, you know, we won't be able to pay the bill. You know, that's a whole different level of Stress.


How many, how many of those trips has he had The, when we first got diagnosed it was No the, in fact the infection trip. Only one so far. Okay. Alright. Yeah. So hopefully, hopefully No more. It's the only cloud. It's the, it's the worst cloud still hanging over the situation other than we know we've got some discomfort, but nothing like we've had before going forward. Right? Yes. No, he is like 99% like wow prognosis. That's so awesome. That's, that's great. It's honestly, we are you, when you live in the hospital as much as we do, you realize how lucky you are when this is all you're facing. Wanna know. So we've got a lady here named Shauna that came into my office 17 years ago or, or no, 14, 15 years ago and said my 3-year-old has leukemia and she worked in accounting and you can't do accounting, your brain doesn't work when you're doing.


Yeah. So anyway, we paid her and paid her through all of it and the ladies took care of meals and the guys took care of keeping the grass cut. And then pretty soon we had a little baldheaded 3-year-old running around the office and we're celebrating with her. And the other day we gave away Ramsey scholarships and she walked across the stage, And I gave me a hug, stop, graduated from high school, And, I gotta take a picture with her the other day. So there is a good ending to these stories. Yeah. We have so much hope and we have such a good community too, so that makes all the difference. We can hear it in your voice. Yeah, you really can. You're very joyful and Attitudes everything here. It really is. It's a lot of it.


So, hey, we're with you. If you need any more help, you call us back, but I, I, you know, just use good common sense baby. Take care of baby first and then once we're clear of the storm, don't let the worries of the world keep you from going and winning what might be, but use good wisdom. Okay. Thank You'all so much. I appreciate it. Love. Thank you. God bless you Sarah. Wow, That's a good differential Dave because in in her, in her case, yeah, this, this has the ability to be a three year stint, but it's not but It had, it had two, two seasons. That's right. So thinking through, okay, do I need to truly be paused for three years or is there a point where I can say I'm okay if you are, if you are, yes.


But in her case there, it seems like there might be a point before that where they can foot Put foot on the gas again. They got some money in the bank. Yeah. They're only 7,000 away. Yeah. They're not 107 to that thousand away. Yeah. You know, it'd be nice to have that car payment gone while they're doing this. I'm sure. I'm sure I'm, and it'd be nice to have that stability. And so, and guys, just remember if you have an emergency come up and you have zero debt and $25,000 in the bank for an emergency fund. Sometimes not that kind of emergency, but some emergencies are a mirror inconvenience. The drama starts to leave your life when you get your crap together. I know. That's right. Hello. So that's what these, that's what these calls remind me of.


She's a, she's a hero. What a great mom. Wonderful. Wow. This is The Ramsey Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau Ramsey Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Tyler's in Orlando. Hi Tyler, how are you? Hey, I am good. how are you Better than I deserve. What's up? Hey, I have a question about a real estate deal that I did with one of My friend. Okay. All right. So I gave him $9,000 back in September and then as of he was supposed to sell the house, it was part of a down payment for a house that he bought and he was supposed to pay me back by January four, or I gave him eight grand in September.


He was supposed to give me $14,000 back in January. And then he showed me a picture of the bank account with all the money. Then I gave him a thousand dollars more and he bought another house. He did a 10 35 exchange, 10 30 to another house. And, and then he was supposed to pay me back, I think 20 5K plus some extra for the taxes. And that was supposed to be due in April. He's given me $2,500 back out of the, right now, as of now, he owes me 29,500.


I have it all in contract and in writing. And today's the date. I actually made a new contract last month and said that he owes me the full amount 29,500 by August 5th, which is today. And if he doesn't pay me back that then he has to pay for all the court fees, attorney fees, and a thousand dollars extra per month in interest. Okay. Why has he not paid you? I don't know. I mean, he told Well, did The house sell? No, he, he said it, he always says that it's gonna sell, it's selling. Oh, the house hasn't sold, so he doesn't have any money. He doesn't have any money. Yeah.


How do you think, do you think contracts magically make him have money? No, He doesn't have any money. That's why he is borrowing from someone like you. Yeah. Have you seen the properties? Yes, I have. Alright. And right now, So the first one's sold, right? He said it did, but it didn't. Okay. Was it ever rent? Was the first one ever rented? Did he ever rent it out? Was it Yes. Did it ever have rental income? No. No. Then it is not involved in a 10 31 only income producing property can be in a 10 31 flips do not qualify for a 10 31.


So he didn't, and besides that, if it didn't sell, he can't roll it into the other house. So that 10 31 tax deferred exchange did not occur. Okay. Okay. So basically he owns two houses right now, neither one of which have sold. Yeah. Yeah. And how old are you? 23. And how old is he? T maybe 30 ish. Okay. And why did you think this was going to work? I mean, I, I was skeptical of it, but I mean, I had the contract So I wasn't like too worried about losing the money. Mm. Okay. Well you're learning a very harsh lesson that I earn, earn that I learned early in business.


And that is that contracts don't make bad deals. Good contracts are, contracts are simply pieces of paper that say what happens when everything blows up and melts down. They don't make bad people good and they don't make bad deals good. And they don't make money appear on the scene that's not there. But I have a contract is never a defense for getting into a really stupid deal. So you might end up spending $30,000. So the other house you could, you probably lost your money. But anyway, let's play it through the, the current property that we're, we're waiting on both of them to sell, right? Yes, sir. Do either one of them have $29,000 worth of equity?


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I guess if I were in your shoes, I would try this. I think this'll be much more successful than, than suing on a contract because that's a three year process. It's gonna cost you 15, $20,000 in legal fees. Right now you've got 2,500 of your 9,000 back. So right now you're only bit to the tune of 6,500 bucks, right? Yes. Okay. That, that might be the most expensive le tuition that a 23 year old's paid lately. But if you pay tuition to the school of life and that's all you pay instead of 65,000, it's not too bad. But let's see if we can salvage this.


It doesn't sound like he's a liar except about the part on the house, the first house selling and the 10 31. It sounds like he's a neophyte, doesn't know what the crap he's doing. He took some TikTok thing on how to buy real estate. And, I kind of know that. 'cause he got a 23-year-old as his financier who came up with a whole 10 grand. Okay? This is not like a high roller here that's got a ultimate real estate experience. So, I think he's just dumb, is what I'm saying. Okay. Yeah. I don't think he's evil. Yeah, I bet If the house was sold, you would've had your money. Yeah. Yeah. I think he hoped the house would sell and you'd have your money and you're, you were naive. That's being kind to think that a contract was suddenly going to make sure that money appeared.


Contracts don't do that. He has no money, dude, until the house sells. So why don't you go to him and say, instead of suing you, my financial advisor suggested that I take a second to mortgage lien on your property and that you sign a lien for $30,000 on both properties. So now you have a $60,000 position. If he doesn't and put terms to that, that that has to be paid on sale or within six months, whichever is first. And he can go refinance and buy you out. Okay. Okay. Now, if he does not, then you don't have to, you don't have to sue. You merely have to foreclose Okay.


And foreclosure's a lot cheaper and more efficient than a lawsuit. Okay? So go to him and say, instead of suing you, and instead of you and me going to court and all of this, you're, I'm waiting on the house to sell. You're waiting on the house to sell. I if, if I'm either gonna sue you this week or you're gonna gimme a second mortgage lien for 30,000 on both properties. And then you don't screw him. Whenever you get your money, you release the other property. But whichever one sells first, you get your money. Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. And don't do this again. Did you learn your lesson? Yeah. Okay. If you get out by the skin of your teeth, don't act like you're a pro.


Yeah. You just, you just lucked freaking out. If you get outta this deal, this is a deal where you deserved to lose $9,000. If you get out and don't get what you deserve, you can buy the t-shirt Better than I deserve and learn your lesson and move on. Wow. He'll be lucky if he gets his money back. I have done so many stupid things that I deserved. Yeah. To lose money. So I can say that to you son. Oh. my gosh. Yeah. You, you just, you you walked up on the thin ice and said, please crack. I want to be wet. But he had a contract. I know, but the con I'm just joking. The ice promised me it wouldn't crack. Yeah. Yeah. Oh boy. Yeah. When you're doing business with broke people, please expect them to do broke people things.


And we know the guy is broke because he borrowed $9,000 from a 23-year-old. Well, Who knows if these properties are gonna sell for what they hoped. I have no idea. And if there's even gonna be any profit, No idea. But it'd be fun to, it'd be fun to foreclose on it and see if you really want or not. Yeah, True. That, that might be interesting. This is The Ramsey Show These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt.


Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half baked investing advice out there, but here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Ster connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart stor. So I've learned so many silly little sayings from other generations because I'm on the air with the cool people around here.


And, I, So I. I learned that like when Biden forgave the student loans, that that was suss. Oh yeah. Suspect. Yes. Suss. Suss. I didn't know what I had learned what suss was. So there you go. And I learned about fomo. fomo. Yes. Fear of missing out. That's a real thing. Apparently motivates people to do really stupid things with money. Facts sometimes and other things too. I'm gonna give you a fear of missing out and it's not a stupid thing to do with money and you should not be doing it if it is a stupid thing. I'll help you with this. The live, like no one else. Cruise is almost sold out. We have the entire ship on Holland America.


March 22nd through the 29th, the Jade Warshaw will be with us. All of the Ramsey personalities will be with us. Sharon, my wife, And I will be on there for the entire seven day cruise. Plus Stephen Curtis Chapman, who not only is Emmy Award-winning 67 doves or something like that. But last week Stephen got inducted into the Grand Ole Opry. That's great. Yeah, he was telling me about it. He was at the house Monday night with a bunch of guys and he was last week. And just tears in his eyes. It was a huge, huge honor for him. 'cause he, he grew up of course singing country music. Yeah. And he is one of the world's best renowned Christian artists, as you know.


And so anyway, we're going to Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas. We'll be doing events and things and performances and talks and whatever else you wanna call it on the ship the entire week. It's gonna be a blast. It's almost gone. You can still get a, you can still get a room, a state room, but you, you need to get your deposit of $600 down before the cabins are gone. You don't have to pay for the whole thing up front, but you don't need to go on the live like no one else cruises unless you are baby step four and beyond. Yeah, for sure. We don't tell people to go on vacations when they're in one through three. And that includes vacationing with us. I heard George was gonna be bouncing at the doorways.


Bouncing what? You know, the bouncing the ball. He can't bounce anything. George was gonna be a security Checking. George could get bounce, but he's not. What's he, was he at the, at the daycare Checking the Baby steps. Cards. Where's he gonna be? A bouncer. Where's George gonna be? That's not even funny y'all, that's just, that's just insulting Oh, man. So, hey, we're gonna, this is a chance for you to celebrate your process through the baby steps. A milestone of getting to baby step four or beyond maybe seven. Maybe you do your debt-free scream with us. Maybe could be the world's largest debt-free scream at Sea.


Oh yeah. Because if It's the only debt-free scream at sea. It, by definition, is the largest debt-free scream at sea. So we're gonna do that for sure. Well, maybe we need to get the Guinness Book and give people, go and give them a, a room or something on there. So Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Get signed up. We'd love to have you go with us. Matt is in New York. Hi Matt. how are you? Hey Dave. Doing great. how are you? Better Than I deserve. What's up? So, just a quick question. I'm getting married next year. I have a full-time career in the military as well as two part-time jobs. Just open up a Roth IRA and put in an initial 2 2500 looking to see how much you suggest I put into it, either on a monthly basis or an annual basis.


Being that I'm also trying to save up for a home as well. Hmm. Good for you. Are you debt free? Thank you. Yes. I am Good for you. How old are you? Thank you. I'm 24. Thanks For serving your country, sir. Thank you for your support. Appreciate it. Yeah. So if I'm you, you've already paid off your debt. Do you have three to six months of expenses saved up? Yes, I do. Okay. I have about, I have about maybe 85 to 9,500 and saved up. Okay, good. So yeah, officially you're in three B or four, whichever one you choose. And what I would do, so you're, you're investing 15% of your income. So if that allows you to max out that Roth, I would max out that Roth. Now, most people would say 15% of your income every single month until that's gone, until you've used up the 15 per until you've maxed it out.


Right. And then you can move on to another and investment vehicle. So do you think you can max it out? Yes, absolutely. Okay. And? I definitely because I'm also, I'm also looking for a, I mean, I'm, I'm definitely money hungry to put it, to put it in the easiest way. So I'm trying to find, you know, all sorts of multiple side hustles and everything that I Can. Everything you can. Yeah. I heard you say you have two other part-time jobs. So you max out this Roth. What other, what other things do you have available to you through the military that you can put money into? T-S-P-T-T-S-P Thrift Savings plan. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I, I would, what we want you to do at baby step three B three B is saving for a house and or investing for retirement.


Obviously, the more you put into retirement, the less you'll have to save towards a house. Agreed. Correct. So the most you would put in at your stage would be 15% of your household income. Your total income until you're married. Once you're married, the total income of the household needs to go into retirement, a maximum of 15%. Some people back the 15% down a little until they get their down payments saved. Some of them do the whole 15%. We suggest not doing more than 15% at this stage. Instead put it all toward the rest of everything else towards the house. But if you wanna do 10% or you wanna do the Roth and that represents 8%, I don't know what your income is and all that, but, you know, whatever you guys wanna do and then start saving towards that house.


That's great. Who's paying for the wedding? My, my fiance And I had actually, our parents, our parents offered to help us immensely, but my fiance, And I both felt like, you know, we would feel personally more, more accomplished if it was paid off ourselves. So we are, we're paying for the wedding ourselves. Wow. What's the budget We're looking at? We're looking at about 27,000 right now. Is that money already saved? Yes, it is. We have about 40 46 in a joint account as of now. Okay. No more joint accounts until you're married. Except the wedding fund. Okay.


Yes, that's exactly, And no buy House is somebody you're not married to. Yes. Okay. Absolutely. I appreciate it. Thank you. So, I, So. I'm curious why you felt like you should not have mom and dad pay for the wedding. That's a traditional thing. It's not a, it doesn't mean you're like a deadbeat if your father-in-law pays for the wedding. No, absolutely. I mean, and they, and like I mentioned, they did, they did offer to pay for it. I don't know, I guess it's, I guess it's something personal, you know, personally that I, that I feel just, just being able to say that, you know, I paid for something myself. I saved up And, I paid for something myself. How'd they take it when you told them? Were they a little disappointed?


They were, they were taken back. That, that we didn't want help, but they're, you know, they're gonna wind up giving us a, a huge gift in, you know, in exchange. Okay. Alright. I guess we can use that towards the house, right? Yeah. Yes, absolutely. And, and with the military, with the military benefits, we don't, we don't have to put a a down payment on the house, but I'm not sure, I haven't looked into it that much. But being that we don't have to put a down payment, I'm not sure how exactly that works. Oh, you do, you do need to put down a down payment. Don't use a VA loan. Va loans are more expensive than conventional. Okay. So you need to do a Fannie Mae with a traditional down payment and a above your emergency fund and above your wedding.


So there you go. Very cool. Very, very cool. That's interesting. I have not, I, you know, that's from a generation, not him, but that's from a generation doesn't wanna pay their student loans. Well, everybody's not like that. I know. Everybody's not like anything. But the And I paid for both my daughter's weddings. And I did not think poorly of my sons-in-Law. Oh no. In the least. No, I had no expectation they would Yeah. Do that. That's was kind of like, I'm an old southern dad, ands what you do, what I did, you know? Yeah. Like, here's the budget and y'all do it within that and don't ask for any anymore. That's it. But if they had said, you know what, Dave, we got it.


Would you have been like Oh man, or would you have been like, I would've been a little bit taken aback like he was, you know, I was like, you would've been, huh? Yeah. I mean, it wasn't like I'm gonna give 'em Yeah. Oh, well, yeah. That, that it's, there's nothing wrong with it. It's just No, just Different. Yeah. Not an, it is not an expectation of character or lack of character. Folks, if you're in-laws pay for your wedding. I just, I'll say that out loud. I don't, I don't think that's true. So if they don't, there might be something else going on there, though. Sometimes you think sometimes he didn't say that. But if there's, if there's a lot of strings attached, you don't want to activate the mother. Now that's the mother truth, mother of the bridezilla, all that.


You don't want them to come out of their cave and all that. You know, there's all kinds of stuff that you might want to do that for, but, oh, well. Okay. Cool. This is The, Ramsey Show. Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. And I know this because that was me. But the truth is, budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun, download EveryDollar for free today.


Jade Washau Ramsey Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. I am Dave Ramsey, your host. Katrina is with us in Salt Lake City. Hi Katrina, how are you? Hi. I am fantastic. Thank you so much for asking. how are you Better than I deserve? What's up? Alright. So. I am going through a divorce and it's really hurting me financially. So I am wondering if I should take money outta my business account that I'm actually trying to sell because of the divorce, and use some of that money to buy things for my primary job. so What is your primary job?


I am a school teacher and tomorrow I go back to school and the kids come back next Tuesday, but I need to buy some supplies for the students to come back to school for. And I'm Sorry, they don't furnish you supplies for the classroom like they should. Well, they give me five. Which would make you every school teacher in America. Well, yeah, thank you. They give me $5 a student, but I've already spent that. I bought glue sticks and collected pencils and pencil pouches for the students. And, and so what, Talking about spending, I need paper, hand sanitizers, folders and journals. Not me. What are you talking about? Spending, I'm thinking I need about $200.


What type of business do you have? What's the nature of it? So, So in, yeah, in the evenings I run an escape room, but I'm, I have to sell it according to the divorce decree. I have to sell it. So I could pay back some of the equity that I owe to my soon to be ex-husband. Okay. Do you take a, you take, you take a payroll from the business? I don't, it doesn't make enough money. So I just, I run it and, and then like it pays for. Okay. If $200 changes your life, you have other problems. Well, right now I, I just, I I'm out. I'm barely finished, baby.


Step number one, I've been using your EveryDollar app. If you have to choose between you eating and buying your children hand sanitizer, you eat. Okay. I get that. Okay. And so if you, you, you know, if you're down to nothing, if you have no money, and $200 is a huge amount to you, where you get it from, doesn't matter. It's where you spend it that matters. You don't have the option to be this generous to these students. Contact a local church and ask them to help you. If they've got some journals laying around and maybe they've got some hand sanitizer they can give you from the children's ministry and help you fund this, help you get the thing set up without you spending the $200 at targe and, you know, let's go that route.


'cause it sounds like this $200 is a lot of money to you. Yeah. And you've got, you need to work on the other side of that. And that's the overall income. I think I'm tutoring instead of running a a game room. A escape room. Yeah. Yeah. Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If private student loan debt is taking away your peace of mind and you don't see any way out, you need Why. Refi. That's why the letter REFY, they refinance defaulted private student loans. If you have one, they'll refinance it for you. Nobody else will touch it. And they give you a low fixed rate that is built for you on a term that makes it work for you. So you can get your loan paid off and get it current.


So it's not trashing you every month. Go to Why Refi dot refi.com/ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey might not be in all states. Alright. Today's question comes from Nora in Pennsylvania. She says, I've been married for almost 30 years and my husband And I have adult children. My husband runs his mother's family business. He will inherit the business when she passes. But he says that the business is not going to be mine if anything happens to him. He says his will is going to state that our children will get the business and that he will not be providing for me.


Ooh. I've explained to him how upsetting this is and that I shouldn't have to go to my children for help when it is his responsibility to care for me. I live on a fixed income my adult life as a stay at home mom. What can I do to protect myself legally? Wow. You can't, so you have a, you have a marriage problem. My goodness. You don't have a legal problem. You're married to a jerk. And that's a problem. Yeah. I thought this question was going in one direction and then it, It turned, it turned left and went off into the ditch. It sure did. Yeah. So honey, you need to go see a marriage counselor and he's not gonna go with you.


'cause he's right about everything. He doesn't need any help if you ask him. And of course everybody else listening to this knows he's the one needs the help. But you need to go to the marriage counselor. And the marriage counselor is gonna explain to you that your marriage is over if you don't get some serious work done on it. Whew. That rattling your hearing under the hood means the engine's about to blow kiddo. And this does not describe a loving home where the husband is gentle, kind and serves his wife. I didn't hear anything like that in here. No. No. So sad Nora. I'm sorry. But yeah, you need to go see a marriage counselor today.


Tell, tell him that he ought to go with you, but he won't. And then the marriage counselor will give you words to speak to him. That lead to either him coming to the table or the end of your marriage. You can't go forward with this. And after 30 years, he still chooses his mommy. Wow. After 30 years, he's still a mama's boy. Old men that are mama's boy are kind of pitiful. Ah. That's the worst. Mama's boys are pitiful. Period. After four years old. But old men, mama's boys, seriously pitiful. Whew. And he's gonna be one even after she's Gone. Early years. That means this guy is in his fifties. Yeah.


He's an old man. Mama's boy. You can title the thumbnail on YouTube. Old man. Old man, mama's boy. There you go. I thought she was gonna say something. I, you know, as I was reading it, I thought, okay, this is a his mom's family business. It's gonna pass to the children. Maybe she didn't wanna run the business. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because there's part of that where it's like, I don't want this responsibility. But that took a hard left turn. Ooh, gracious. Yeah. Yeah. Mamas don't let your boys become Leave and cleave. Oh, Leave and cleave. Choose carefully my darling. Choose carefully. Choose a man who loves his mother from a distance.


This Is who you need. I know that's right Mom. I love you over there. Listen, I say that, but when the day comes, when my son gets old enough where he has to go over there, it's gonna Be hard. And. I could be sad. I think it's one of the hardest child developmental things I've ever witnessed as we raised kids, girls separate from their mom. But boys, when boys stay right there until they separate. When they separate, it's brutal. And it usually comes somewhere around 16 or 17 years old for people that become men. Oh man. But boys who are mama's boy at 50, they never did cut the cord. And so they're still tugging on her apron strings. Mommy, mommy, mommy. I want the business. Mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy.


Would you take care of Mommy? Mommy, I wanna make sure you love me. Mommy. Oh brother, I think I'm gonna puke. Oh gosh. Ugh. No, I want my son. We do have a manhood crisis in this country for sure. Wow. I mean, what thi this is not masculinity. It's not toxic masculinity is, it's just a child. Yeah. And a controlling child. Yeah. A very controlling jerk of a child. Yeah. Goodness gracious. After 30 years, and here's the thing, Nora's husband, if you happen to end up listening to this, if you're not who she says she you are, you need to understand how screwed up your marriage is that your wife wrote this letter to a nationally syndicated show that has hundreds of millions of people downloaded every month.


So if you're not this and she sent this in, you got stuff going on, dude. So you still deserve bus, bus tracks over your butt. So we threw you right in front of the bus still. That's what happened. Maybe he'll write in a letter next, I hope So I. Wish he would just come on the air and let us talk to him. How fun would that be? That would be compelling podcast material. Oh man. Wow. Ouch. Yeah, That's, this is a, here's What's interesting. The number one thing that will keep you from building wealth is screwed up relationships. Bingo.


That's so true. When you can't handle screwed up relationships and put reasonable, gentle, kind, strong boundaries in place and keep the screwed up people at a distance and the right people up close and you can't function with other humans, you're gonna struggle building wealth. Period. This is The Ramsey Show. Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling.


They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent jade washau Ramsey Personality is my co-host today, Nathan's in Philadelphia. Hi Nathan, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, thanks for taking my call. I've been listening to your show for a while and never thought I'd have to call in, but life kind of threw me a curve ball. Okay, cool. How can we help So? I have started dating a girl. And. I have found out recently that she is close to $150,000 in student debt.


Oh. Oh. For a doctorate degree that she does have. And she's been working for a year with That. A doctorate degree. On what? Physical therapy. Okay. Okay. So she got a PhD and she's a pt. Okay. Correct. Yeah. Alright. So, I don't have any debt. I've been kind of proud of that and I've been finding that as I'm going through this relationship that that's been a big deal for me I think. So I'm just trying to figure out how much do I factor that into the way I, I guess, pursue this relationship. And then two, how do I talk to her about it? Have you asked her, have you asked her what her philosophy on debt is going forward?


Does she plan to utilize more debt? That sort of thing. I, I think that I, I've made my position somewhat clear as far as like, I don't like debt. So I haven't straight out asked her how she feels about it going forward. If I were you, if I were you, this is just what I would do. I'd wanna do a little bit of undercover detective work. So I'd probably ask her a little bit more about her views before I review all of my views because I would not want her to say something to, to appease me. Hmm. Okay. Yeah. I'd want her to, I, I'd Wanna know the full business and then I'd say, well here's the way I feel. You know, and then see where the conversation goes from there.


Okay. How long have you been dating? About four months. What do you think? She might be? The one, It's a little, it's a little early. No, I like her. I feel like her relationship outside of this has been really good. And I appreciate getting to know her. But that's one thing I feel like it's really taken a lot of my, it's been adding stress to my life just thinking about it, even though it's not even my debt yet. So like, I'm trying to figure out if I'm overreacting because I think, I mean, with our combined income, assuming, you know, down the line, obviously a lot of things have to happen. But I wouldn't not continue a relationship with somebody because they had debt. But I would not continue with the relationship with someone if they had an opposing view from that point going forward.


Okay. Yeah. Like if she said, oh I hate this. If we, if we, if we ever got together and were married, we would throw everything at it and get it done. Like that guy does on the radio. I'd wanna do it that way. If she said something like that, she's a keeper dude. But if she says, oh no, I plan to keep this debt and pass it to my grandchildren, I think debt is wonderful. Yeah. Then she ain't for you. I Think that her, yeah, I think her expectations of how much, how quickly she can pay this off is different than reality. Just based off of what her expectations for lifestyle. That's that expectations are just information. And that's a big point of this. You know, what Dave said is, is so true.


A lot of this is information. You got information at some point that informed you that debt's a bad idea. Living in debt, you know, continuing to go into debt is a bad idea. That's information she may not have come across yet in the way our culture is. It's just telling you car loan, student loan. That's the way. So if she, if she comes in contact with the same information that you've got that led to your life change, let her, you know Yeah. Have that moment as well. Yeah. And that, that has, that has to do with all of it. Not just the debt But off reality of making off. I think what's saying And I think Jade, I thought that was really wise. Ask a lot of questions, don't make a lot of statements And just fish around a little bit. And then, then, you know, you can kind of open it up.


'cause honestly what you're trying to ascertain, I think we think is not whether she has $150,000 in debt, is that a deal killer? That is not a deal killer we think. But what is a deal killer is someone who's going to mishandle money and be chaotic and stay in debt the rest of their life. That makes for, especially for someone like you. You've told me like six times how you hate debt and this has got you stressed out. Can you imagine a whole life of being that stressed the rest of your life? No. You're not marrying that woman. That's a hell on earth. That'd be awful. Especially for you. Now if someone loves debt and they think just like her, then they can get married and they'd be just fine in their chaos. But, but you know, so being in agreement and being aligned on money is the number one cause of divorce.


And so the inverse of that is true. It's the number one area of happiness for couples that stay together. Because when you agree on money, you are agreeing on your value system. Jesus said, your treasure's where your heart is. You're agreeing on your dreams, you're agreeing on your fears, you're agreeing on what stresses you out and what doesn't. And these things matter. Even if you're a spender versus a saver all being in, you can still be aligned on the values That's right. Of the subject. And I think that's what you've got to fish out. But you need to run like your hair is on fire. If this lady intends to stay in debt the rest of her life and she thinks this is wonderful 'cause it will destroy you, Nathan, especially you, because the way you outline this whole thing on the air.


Yeah. That's a big deal. That's a good differential between the philosophy of how you view money in debt versus just personality characteristics. Like Exactly. I tend to be a sa a saver. I tend to be a spender. Yeah. But if the philosophy at the core is the same, but we still avoid debt and we still don't go into debt, then you're okay. Yeah. So Nathan, if you said I, we would say that, that someone who said along those lines, okay, I'm not gonna date anybody who has debt, so if you wanna keep dating me, you gotta get out of debt. I would call you a Pharisee. Yeah. Yeah. That's not, that's not the right thing, you know, but, and, and you know, you made this mess, you figure it out.


I, well then I wouldn't want my daughter to marry you. Right. I agree. But we did teach our kids that they weren't gonna marry anybody who was perfect and that they aren't by the way, because they learned early on in the Ramsey house that the axis of the world does not run through the top of their little head. And so the inmates don't run the asylum. That's not how it works at our place. So even when the grands come to visit Papa Dave, we still have a certain level of reasonableness in the house. So, and yeah. Yeah. And so that, that's not, there's nothing wrong with that. That's a good, so you want to be aligned on where we're going and, and why we're going there. Absolutely. That's the big thing, the going forward, you're looking into the future and, and you know, so you, you know, in a sense there's a lot of things that we do in our lives that are that way.


Like a, a job interview. Are you a cultural fit? Right. And it, Do you align with the values of that organization and what they're trying to accomplish? If they run perpendicular to who you are, then in 20 minutes after you get there, you're gonna be going, oh, this is a toxic workplace. Well yeah, it does. You know, It's not toxic. You just joined a group that don't think like you gr joined. It does, you know, favors to change your answer in order to get the thing. Exactly. It's like Then you're just gonna be faking Or to, or to, like you said, set somebody up to change their answer. Right. To get you. That's right. That's, that's a bad thing's.


Hey guys, big announcement right now. Everybody tune in. Hold your breath. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. Turn up your radio, turn up your podcast. Listen, we're changing things at The Ramsey Show Oh. my gosh. They're changed. Yes. So this show is a three hour talk radio show when you guys get it on a podcast without the commercials, it's about 38 minutes or 39 minutes or whatever and on and same thing on YouTube, right? And there's tens of millions of you on all these different formats. Literally. So the third hour, the third segment of the talk radio show that is on podcast and on YouTube and all that kind of stuff. The third hour aft starting today is now gonna be on The Ramsey Network app for free. You could consider it like the after show or something. Ah, so only thing it costs you is your email. Okay? So jump on and download The Ramsey Network app in the app store or Google Play and you can get the third hour of the YouTube or the third segment of the YouTube, whatever we wanna call it. I still think in hours 'cause it's the whole thing started on talk radio, right? Yeah. And the third, it's three hours. I'm sitting here, Jade And I are sitting here doing this with commercials and everything. Okay? So anyway, third segment on YouTube and all podcasts is now on The Ramsey Network app. As of today it's completely free. But the podcast folks or the podcast world is wanting our show to be shorter. So it is just now started right now. Okay? And those of you in Talk radio, you're gonna get what you've always gotten. Okay? We're not changing a thing. So if you're station carries all three hours of the of The, Ramsey Show, then you're get all three hours. We're not turning nothing off there, okay? But the apps, you're going to The Ramsey Network app in the App store, it's completely free. It's gonna be great 'cause there's a bunch of other stuff that's in the app that we built like searchable. Very good. So you can search a whole subject and get all the calls around leasing a car or all the calls around the debt Snowball. It's a cool app so it's completely free Ramsey Network app. You're gonna still get everything you've always gotten. Check it out. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app, right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.