
From Ramsey Network, this is The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by Jade Warshot, and we're taking your calls at triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. You can't tweet it, you can't exit, you can't DM it. You got a call if you want to be on the show. That's how it works. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. I just had to put it out there, Jade. Well, There is The, Ramsey, Network question of the day. That's true. That's the only other way to get your question answered on the show. We appreciate all of you listening and calling in. Matthew kicks us off in Vancouver. What's going on Matthew? Hey guys.


Basically just trying to get some motivation or figure out if, if, or how I can start over at 40 Creating, oh, what, what does starting over mean? Creating a life like again, getting a house, getting some savings. I mean, starting over. It sounds like there was a, a rock bottom, like life happened to you. Was there a divorce? Did you lose everything? What happened? Yeah, basically all the above. Lost my business due to Covid. Oh no. Which left me with significant debts that also a divorce around the same time. So the ex-wife sold the house and took the proceeds.


Okay. Still trying to recover all that. So basically 40 years old now. And so You lost your business, you lost your marriage, you lost the house and now you're going, where do I go from here at 40 years old? Exactly. Yeah. Okay. The last three years I think I've just been surviving or trying to survive. Every check sort of goes out the window. What have you been doing for work? I am electrician by trade. Okay. And is that this type of business you had during COD? That's right. Yeah. Okay. And so it sounds like you're starting to rebuild that or are you working for someone else now? No, I've, I've been working for somebody else for the last few years.


Okay. Is that the way you want it or do you wanna rebuild the business? I'd like to have in my business. Again, I don't know how I, I don't know how anything's possible at this point with no credit. And I'm currently, whatever debt that I had, I Got out. Wait, you don't need credit to start a Business proposal. True. That's true. And we're not taking out any loans to do this business, so you don't have to worry about any of that. So let's walk through some of the numbers here. 'cause I think when we are deep in the throes of grief and loss and feelings and emotions. Yeah. Sometimes the facts just help us go, okay. It's not as bad as we think. And you're 40, you're not 70, and so you've got a lot of time to build a whole new life and create a new chapter for Matthew.


And I'm excited about that. So tell us some of the numbers. Well, I make about 80 to 90 a year. Not bad. That's pretty great. Okay. How much debt? Debt? I had 116,000 from the business and some personal debt that was wrapped up now in a consumer proposal. So I'm, I have to pay back, I think 27,000 now. On top of the one 16? No, but it, so they, it's like a debt Consolidation, not even, Yeah, it's done. So they, the creditors agree on lower amounts, so it was all agreed to about 27,000 in total that I actually have to pay back.


Okay. So the one 16, the 27,000. Anything else? Not that I'm aware of, Nope. And where are you living? There's In Canada. I mean, are you renting a house right now or an apartment? Oh Yeah, renting. Okay. Now when you said business debt, is that on credit cards or is it on a personal loan? They, they were suppliers for my company and they called on their, all the stuff that was owed and Okay. The company didn't have anything play. I had personal guarantees on, on those things, of course. So it turned into personal debt. Okay. So, Okay, so you're making 90,000, that's not bad for a single guy.


Are you using a budget or are you just kind of working out the numbers in your head every month? Yeah, I know. I just, in my head it's basically I've, the bank has this automatic thing where it sort of puts money into a small little savings account automatically. But I always find that I have to dip into that to survive Or How much money do you have to your name right now in savings or in your checking account? Savings, none. Checking Probably like a hundred bucks for groceries the next two weeks. Okay. Are you doing any investing right now? No. Okay. Okay, good. So what I think, my guess is, and Don don't know what we can ask you, the payments, I mean for the 116 and for the 27,000, what is that in payments every month?


It's four 60. Four 60 total? Yeah. Okay. And what's your rent or I'm, I'm assuming you're renting 600. 600? Yeah. Okay. So what that tells me is there's a lot of money somewhere that's, I don't know where it's going. Only you know where it's going, but I have a feeling if you were to, yeah, I get, Yeah, I have wage garnishments for child support. How much, where they take, they take 1800 every month. Okay. We're still not quite there. So now you've outlined about $2,800 a month that you're spending. Is there anything other major that I should know about? Not really. Just the standard vehicle. I don't pay anything for my vehicle. I have my insurance for the vehicle is $460 a month as well.


Okay. Okay. And then I have fuel on top of that. and I have a feeling if you were to plug all of these numbers into an EveryDollar budget, you'd find that there is margin there. It's just a matter of being intentional with what we do with it. 'cause in this case, I mean, the only way out of this is to start paying off the debt and you can start side hustling. You can start picking up other clients. The good thing about your trade is I don't think anything's stopping you from going out and getting other clients to say, okay, I can help you with your, yeah, What's the agreement with your employer for you doing electrician work? They're fine with it. I, I don't have a, a proper vehicle, I can't even call any tools around or material right now.


I, they've been talking about getting the truck and then if I get a truck, I can obviously go up and do some service calls and sidewalk and they're fine with that. Okay. That's what I'm wondering. If you pick that up, even in your own neighborhood and outside of that and start kind of marketing it, you know, Facebook groups, word of mouth, you name it and say, Hey, I'm available. Here's my rate. It's 60, $75 an hour for me to do electric work. Here's the kind of stuff I do. I think you'd pick up some business right there and start making six figures. Because the key here, Matthew, is margin only way to get it is to spend less and or make more. and I suggest you do both with, with the mountain of debt ahead of you. But think about this, if you can throw, you know, three grand a month, that's 36 grand.


This thing's done in three or four years. Okay, now what, what if we could do four grand a month toward the debt? Well, we're gonna shave off some time. So my goal for you would be to figure out what you need to do to get this debt paid off in less than three years. Yeah. What, hey, what were you making in your heyday when you were doing your own business before Covid? I was paying myself with the family. It's taking home, I think 120,000 a year. Okay, Here's the thing. You're not too far away from that. And that's the same guy, right? Like the same Matthew that did that then is the same Matthew that can do that today. You're just a little older and truly just a little bit wiser. So there's no reason that you can't get, you know, back into the game. Covid was such a random, probably never, ever gonna happen in our, again in our lifetime again, thing and I kind of feel like it just knocked you out.


But you're down. But you're not out. You just need to go, you know what? I've done this before. I can do it again. A Lot of hope. Well all hope. I guess. I like, I just see, I see my bank like zero I net every month for the last two, we're Gonna change that. Get a thousand bucks saved, Get savings, you know, and I had a bankruptcy years ago when I was younger for medical reasons. And now when that happened, they garnished stuff. They went into my bank account, they seized assets. Matthew, you have been through it, man, but I wanna tell you, this is a comma, not a coma. So you can't let it hold you back. You gotta get back up and just do this thing. And that means getting to work. This is The Ramsey, Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. This hour triple eight Eight two five five two two five is the number to call and we'll try to help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Well, we're headed into the holiday season, Jaden, it's time for a lot of people to get their money in the right place before we make more bad decisions. Yes. So join the EveryDollar team for a free live training Thursday, October 24th, 1:00 PM Eastern, 12:00 PM Central Time. You're gonna get clarity with your money and it's free To register for this webinar, just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash webinar or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. We've had over a hundred thousand people register for these live trainings in the past and it's now, it's your turn and it's yes, one of us, one of the RAMSEY personalities.


Is there live coaching you through? Yep. The concept of how do I take control of my money, how do I make this thing called the budget, what is it gonna do for me? And it's pretty interactive. Like you get to go on there and you know, if you wanna ask your question they'll pull you up. And so it's not just us talking at you, you get to be a part of it as well. And it's really more of a conversation. So it's Good. Don't miss it. Alright, let's get to the phones. Nolan is in Orlando. What's going on? Nolan? Hello. Hey How, can We help? Hey, so I'm 21 years old. I made some bad decisions when I was 18. I financed the vehicle, a new truck and I feel like I'm just swallowed in the truck payment.


I can't breathe. I want to be able to rent an apartment and then, you know, get to the buying a house stage and I feel like I'm running out of time. and I, I have so much debt and not enough money. I'm living paycheck to paycheck and I just wanna live by myself, you know? Yeah, For sure. I listen, I admire that. I think it's a good thing. Tell us more about this truck that it's got you on a choke hold. What's the payment? So I have the whole thing hold up here on my phone. It's six hundred and seventy nine eighty three a month. EI financed it September 24th, 2021 for 75 months. Okay.


and I still have 46 payments remaining and I still owe 30 grand on it and it's worth about 20. Oh no. Okay. Shoot. Okay, so you're paying 6 79 on it. I imagine the in insurance is pretty expensive too. What's your income right now? My income right now is about six to $700 per week. Okay. And what is that? What are you doing? I do like carpentry work and, and kind of like odd jobs. I do car audio, kind of a little bit of everything. Do you work for someone or is this a solopreneur? Yeah, it's just a solo thing. I do just random jobs and I have one guy that kind of I work with and he kind of organizes the outside stuff.


But you don't have any rent, right? You're living with the parents still? I am living with my sister right now and I give her $400 per month for rent. Okay. Okay. Okay. So after everything is said and done, do you have any margin? 'cause I'm thinking, okay, a thousand dollars going to this car, $400 to your sister, that leaves a thousand left, you gotta eat that leaves 700. Am I leaving anything out? That's major. The insurance, the phone payment, I'm completely independent. Okay. So we kind of talked about this on the other call with George. The, the equation is, is simple to understand, but not necessarily easy to do. Right. The only way to get out of this is you're either gonna lower your expenses or you're gonna get your income up or you're gonna do both.


Right. And your in your expenses are pretty low. I mean, other than you getting out of this truck, there's not much better than $400 a month. Yeah. For rent. And for A guy making 30 should not be driving a truck that's worth 30. Yes. You know that now. Yep. And so we need to get out of this truck. It's definitely a dumb decision. The goal is not to try to pay this thing off. The goal is to just get rid of it. And you need obviously the amount you're upside down on. So we need 10 K, you have a few options there. Either save up the 10 k plus enough to get a beater car, or you go down to your local credit union and get a loan for 15 K. You pay off the, you know, you have the difference in the 10. That means you can get rid of the truck and sell it. Then you have five extra thousand dollars to buy yourself, a little beater car to get you around.


Yep. And for new listeners, we never recommend debt, but this is the only time that we would say, Hey, it's better to be in $15,000 of debt than $30,000 of debt. So this is the only time we'd say, Hey, go to the credit union, take out a small personal loan. Because ultimately, although it seems like we're getting a loan, we're still lowering the debt substantially. So that's the purpose of that. The only problem is, is my sister wants to move, get a house and She is renting this house and it feels like she's doing it just for me. So I have a place to live and I feel like I'm holding her back. So, and every time we have the conversation, her and I, she's just like, you're gonna have to figure something out because yeah, I'm gonna be leaving here soon in the next few months.


Listen that, that sounds like a very real issue. And you might be holding her back, which is all the more reason that you've gotta get going on there. So there's nothing stopping you from getting off this call and going straight down to the credit union. There's nothing stopping you from researching your options as soon as you get off this call. And then after that you're freeing up a thousand dollars of income. What does it cost in your area to rent with a, with a roommate It's $400 per month. Okay, well there you go. So it's just you shifting from one roommate to another. Yeah. Yeah. And now on the key here, the only thing, the glaring thing is your income. The Only thing I have really bad credit, Have you been behind on payments?


Why is your credit bad? Yes. So I had two credit cards when I first turned 18. I got them midnight the night I turned 18 and I put a thousand dollars on each of them. And then when tax season came around, I paid one of them off completely. So I just have like a thousand in other debt and then about two or 3000 in hospital bills. Okay. Do you still have the credit cards or did you cut 'em up? I cut 'em up. Good. But I did recently get two new ones. Why no One? I'm trying to improve my credit, but I don't know. Stop, stop. Clearly we're not good at this game, bud. Okay. We gotta cut up the cards and say no and use our own money.


That's how we're gonna get outta this. And this is how we're gonna build wealth. Will you promise me you'll cut those up and never sign up for a credit card again? I promise I'll cut 'em off. Because Here's what's gonna happen. As you pay off the debt, as you get rid of the car loan, your credit score will naturally improve and then eventually it'll disappear. And you'll find out that it was a terrible scoreboard for winning financially, as we now know at 21, after a series of poor decisions. But guess what, you're not running outta time. I don't know what it is, but young people out there, Jade, feel like, well I'm 21 and I screwed it up and now there's not enough time and I need to buy a house and I wanna be an adult now. But I made past decisions. Yeah, Nolan, you've got so much time on your hands that you wouldn't know what to do with it.


The key is you gotta start making the most of it. I think you kind of hit an avalanche, you know, it's like you were going along and all of a sudden all the mistakes kind of compiled on each other and now you're feeling it. Plus you're feeling the heat from your sister saying, you gotta get out, you gotta get out. And so I think you are feeling a sense of urgency, but listen, take it as a blessing because you needed a little fire under your butt to get this thing done. So, And most people your age are broke, so at least you're not alone in that. But the key, the glaring issue, Nolan, is your income. You gotta be making more than 600 bucks a month. I mean, if you went and made $15 an hour, you'd give yourself a raise. Right now just work on a retail job. So either we have to figure out how to scale this business and double or triple our income within the next six months, or we gotta go work for someone else.


Yeah. How many hours a week are you working doing these odd jobs? Four. About 40, maybe 50 hours per week. And that earns me about, I think it's about 3,600 per month. It's 600 per week. So what that tells me something That's 2,400 bucks a month. Yeah. And so what that tells me is something's gotta move. Because if you're maxed out on time, if you're telling me you're working between 40 and 60 hours and I mean you're only one human being, you can only do so much. So that tells me that what you're doing is not bringing in the right amount of money. So you might need to change what you're doing or you don't have the right price set and you're not charging enough. So start playing with those numbers because you're one person, you got, you got the same amount of hours as everybody else. So let's make it happen.


Absolutely. thank you guys. You Got, I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking Free from Broke Nolan. It walks through all the things we talked about. There's a whole loans on, on a, a whole chapter on car loans, a whole chapter on credit cards. Please read it and I hope it gives you a terrible taste in your mouth to where you go, I'm not doing this. And then I'll show you a better way. In the book I'll show you how to get margin. That's the margin as breathing room chapter. So I hope that gives you some hope that you're not running out time, but time is of the essence. Mm Yes. And at 21 you can rebuild Dave Ramsey filed for bankruptcy when he was way older than you. Mm. That's good. And he rebuilt. And so the key is we don't wanna make the same dumb mistakes over again. Make it one time. You'll get a pass on that. You make it two Oh, then they call you a fool.


Yes, that's right. Fool me once. Shame on you. Fool me twice. Shame on me, shame on me. There it is. Ooh. Oh. And parents. Hey stop telling your kids to get a credit card as soon as they turn 18. Stop. Stop it. It's not helping them. Nolan's future is stunted because of this move. It's true. My 18th birthday, I'm gonna get my first credit card. Midnight on the 18th birthday. Gotta get that cash back. Lemme get some airline miles. Lemme get my credit score up. And here we are at 21 trying to rebuild. I'm so sorry. This is The Ramsey Show


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill Mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw. Jade, we were talking during the break about something that we've been seeing a scary trend that's been happening for 30 years now, but it's only getting worse with time. Yeah. And that is the idea that the credit score is the scoreboard that you need to win financially. And it's ingrained in us at a young age. I Mean to the point that that last caller on his 18th birthday at it's like, I gotta get my first credit card. and I don't blame him for that. That's culture telling us. They're saying it's a necessary rite of passage to becoming an adult. Yes. To the point to Get the first credit card out of 17. Yeah. George, we had a call or call in last week I think, I think I was on with you.


Maybe it was Ken, but she was so sweet, you know, and she just was like, Hey, I'm just calling. I wanna know what's the best credit card I should sign my son, my son up for, he's gonna be 18 years old. And so of course, you know, I told her the, the information around credit scores and how really it's just your interaction with debt, how much debt you have, how long you've had it, the different types of debt you've had, what percentage of your debt that you're actually using to what's available. And that's how they measure your credit score. And so as we do, we pulled that clip and posted it on social media and the responses were wild to me because it just shows society has done a really good job of just masking the idea that you can be free and just completely taking up all the space saying you must have a credit card.


Because in the comments, if I can just read, Can I guess that what they were, I'm guessing it's like these people who you would think are paid by the credit bureaus and credit card companies Yes. To defend them. Yeah. I love this one. It says, Hey, this is an idyllic response. This is not a real world response. And in my head I'm thinking, I have nothing to gain. I'm not taking your interest. I'm just some girl on a radio on a podcast trying to help you out. Yeah. We're not getting paid by the debit card companies. Okay. To take down big credit. Right. Okay. Then this one it says, Jade, it is necessary. You're coming from a place of privilege. Oh, That one, that one must have stung. In a weird way It did because I'm like, what's the privilege?


I I, I started with $30,000 and $460,000 of debt. I just, such privilege. I don't know. So then this one says, Jade, it is required. The word that I kept seeing over and over is it's required. and I was like, man, the brainwashing, it has worked. It's taken, that's Full effects. That's why I, I devoted a whole chapter of my book Breaking Free from Broke just to credit scores because I had to help people understand the very first thing before we talk about any other debt is credit scores. And it's the only three digit number that Americans obsess over man as much as their weight. It's crazy. And when you look into it, I walk through like, here's what the credit score is actually made up of. Payment history, amounts owed, length of credit, history, new credit, and the mix of credit.


Your potpourri of debt if you will. So you Have to be in repayment your entire life. You have to play their game perfectly and keep your debt, keep it a long time, keep going into debt, have a nice mix of debt, make your payments perfectly and we'll give you this blessing of a score, which does what helps you get more debt. But do you see what, do you see what George is saying In order to satisfy those requirements, we have to be in a repayment mode our entire life that's seriously jacked. And it's crazy 'cause that has nothing to do with how well you're doing financially. No. You can have an 800 credit score and you might not have 800 bucks in the bank. Right. And as we've seen from, I mean callers call in, I have a great credit score, but I'm in crippling debt, living paycheck to paycheck.


The bank doesn't give a rip about you. They don't. And people think, wow, what a blessing it is to have Capital One offer me a more credit on this line of credit or offer me a higher credit score if I do X, Y, Z. Yeah. They Could give a rip about your freedom. I get the intent behind it. Parents are going, well I want my kid to be able to to buy a car, Jade, what do I do? Maybe avoid buying a car that is way too much for an 18-year-old to have and just pay cash. And the truth is, if you are already in a pay in in a car, which most in a car payment, which most of us were, or most of the listeners probably are, I started in two car payments and we said, okay, now that we know that credit's not really helping us, it's not a crutch.


Let's sell off one of these vehicles. Which we did. And then we paid off the other one over time. It took like two or three years to pay the car off. Then we had no car payments and we had one car. And then we said, okay, the next time what we're gonna do is we're going to save up a little bit extra. We're gonna put it with the trade-in and we're gonna buy our next car in cash. That's how you get out of it. And then from then on, you just buy your cars in cash. Every time you trade in, you add a little bit to it and that's how you trade up. So there's that. What about renting George? 'cause that seems to be the other, oh, This is a big one. I dug into, I did a whole video where I called, I contacted the rental car companies. I looked at all the fine print. Every single major rental car company has a debit card policy. Yeah. Meaning there is a way to rent with a debit card. Here's the stipulations.


And usually it's a higher deposit. Sure. And so you just plan for it Or you, you pay for the the rental in full and plus the deposit. Yeah. And so it's really not that big a deal. And there's so many alternatives around it, but people always in their head say, but what if and no, my friend said one time, that's the worst. Right. It's so it's just this idea that we're depending on what somebody else said for, but for some reason they don't care about what we said. And then renting an apartment is a big One. Okay. Renting an apartment. Talk about that. Well, little Jimmy, he needs a credit score to rent an apartment. I've rented multiple apartments, even houses with landlords without a credit score. Again, I called these people. Yes. I called apartments across the country. I called landlords. They said, well, are you employed? I said, yeah, do you have a criminal background?


No, I'll pass the background check. I said, but I don't have a credit score. They said, okay, that's fine. We'll just need an extra extra money for the deposit. And a lot of times they just wanna see other trade lines. If you can show, I pay my utility, here's the record, I pay my phone bill, here's the record. I just don't borrow money. I think that makes you look More the same responsible, very similar process for how I got a house without a credit score. Yeah. Talk about That. I got a mortgage, I didn't pay cash, I got a mortgage without a credit score. So did I, by the way. And people go, well no, no lender will do that. And we're like, have you not heard of Churchill Mortgage? They've been partnering with Dave for 30 years now and they specialize in these loans. And all it is, it's a real person looking at your real financial situation. Instead of being lazy late in the computer, automate it based on your credit score.


Yeah. And they go, okay, well have you paid bills on time? Yes. Do you have consistent income? Yes. Yeah. Okay, here's a mortgage. And let the record show, because a lot of people think, oh well it's easy for you guys. You work for Ramsey, of course you can get it done. I had a zero score before I was even a thought to come work here. and I bought a house with a zero credit score before it was even a thought to come work here. So don't try to let that be the, we just want, what we want is for you guys to open your mind and accept that there is a way that doesn't require you being in bondage. It doesn't require you being manipulated by debt and I get it sometimes. Isn't it weird how, and I know I'm crossing a little bit of a line here, but sometimes when you've been abused for a while, you start to protect the abuser and I feel like in this case we've been abused by debt and credit and like in America, like debt is this drug and we've just, it's The devil.


And now we're starting to defend it. No, not my credit score. I need that. Don't take that away. I'm like, guys, let's, let's take a breather here. Let's, And they think there's like a thousand loopholes. Like my life is 10 times harder every day because I don't have a credit score. It's really does not affect my day-to-day life. And people say, well Jade, I need a credit score for my job. The application requires it. They're checking your credit score to see if you've been delinquent. You've had bankruptcies. That's Right. If, you have no score. It's not going to affect your job. People try to use that one on me all the time. And That's a good point. That's the a very clear delineation we wanna make. A zero credit score is not a bad credit score. A zero credit score simply means I have no dealings with debt. And if I did in the past, I paid it all off.


And once you pay it off takes about six months to a year for it to roll to zero indeterminable. That's a great point. People contact me and say, Hey, I heard you talk about the no score loan on the mortgage. I wanna do that. and I say, well, do you have a score? Do they say, yeah, it's bad, that's why I wanna do this. I go, no, this has to be a no score loan, not a low score. Yes. So big difference there. And again, we don't care about the score, but we don't want you to have a bad score. That means you're missing payments, you've been delinquent. That can hurt you financially. That can hurt your ability. Yes. To rent or buy a house. And so we want you to have no score, which means you gotta get rid of the debt. And it's amazing what happened, Jade, when I dropped this scoreboard of having the credit score back in 2013, I paid off my debt.


And like Dave said, it'll disappear eventually. It does. It did. And then I realized, oh, I can just like use my own money. People think, well George, you just need to be a credit card person. You just need to be disciplined. and I go, well why don't you just be disciplined enough to use your own money and only buy things when you have the cash? And they go, well, you're missing out on the rewards. I go, I've done the math bro. I gotta spend a hundred grand to get two grand back. Are You gotta spend a lot to get that? Yes. That is insane. And so I guarantee you, I can show you how to save two grand with your everyday spending, using your own money. Create your own reward system and stop helping Capital One sponsor the next Taylor Swift tour. Love that. And build big buildings downtown while you can't afford your groceries.


So debt in credit, not necessary. Not required. And not needed is what we're saying. All you need to do is take control of your money and it'll take care of the rest. You're gonna be okay. I promise you. Just try it. 30 days attempt this. No credit card spending. Use your own money, see what happens. And watch your credit score disappear and realize it was a terrible scoreboard in the first place. This is The Ramsey Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. October is the season for wearing costumes and masks. But let's be honest, a lot of us hide our true selves behind a mask in costumes all the time.


We do this at work, we do this with our friends, with our families. We even do this with ourselves. I've been there multiple times in my life when I'm not being my true self. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest with yourself so you can take off the costumes and take off the mask and learn to live an authentic life. If you're considering therapy, I want you to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost.


Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony. This is The Ramsey Show. Open. phones at Triple. Eight Eight two five five two two five. Tammy's up next in Nashville, Tennessee just down the road. What's going on Tammy? Okay. Hey. Hello. Hey, can we help? What's going on? Yeah, So I have a question. My husband and I have been following the Dave Ramsey plan for many years and we're now getting within 10 to 12 years of retirement.


We currently have 2 million in our retirement funds. Awesome. And that's if we, yeah, if we were to add no more to it, which is not our plan, we estimate that we would have about 8,000 when we retired. But my husband and I are in a debate. He is six, he is five years older than I am. So he's gonna retire at 65 and he feels that I need to keep working until I also reach 65 so that I would have health insurance and I agree that I need health insurance. But when I'm looking at the amount of money that we would have in retirement, I'm saying why couldn't we just pay that so that we could both retire and go live? Like no one's like, no one lives. Right. Sure. Like that's The goal. Yeah.


You can get health insurance outside of an employer. I mean you can just go marketplace and you know, with, with the a CA plans, it's not as astronomical as I feel like it used to be. Very few people are, you know, especially if you guys aren't, you're not gonna have kids on the plan. It'll likely just be you. Is he gonna be on Medicare? Correct. That's what, okay. Or he would be on my plan until then I got it resigned and then we would both go on Medicare together. It just depends on what the mass and the insurance looks like at that time. Sure. Well that's some easy homework to do. I mean, you can go figure out what health insurance would cost outside of an employer and go, okay, we need to budget an extra $600 a month for health insurance.


Okay. That's exactly what I said. Oh, but he, so Tammy wants to play this call to go see you're wrong. I called Randy. Well actually no, because I, I mean I'm happy that I'm right, but I don't wanna make a bad financial choice given so hard how hard we've worked to get where we're at today. Absolutely. That's where the wisdom comes in. We're gonna do our homework and make sure we know exactly what it's going to cost to make this move when we make it. And did I hear you say right now you have 2 million and you're gonna retire in 10 years where that's the plan? Yes. Yes ma'am. Yeah, I mean, the thing, and you said that that would be 8,000 a month. Is that what I heard you say Eight When you said that'll be, that'll give us 8,000 or eight.


What? What did what No, 8 million We we 8 million. Okay. Believe That our, our retirement fund between now and when we retire, like if he were, he's 54. So if he were retire in six years, it, we are estimating that it should be around 8 million. Oh, got it. Okay. I just misheard you. I was trying to clarify that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And that's, we believe that's if we didn't add anything to it, but we can, we're gonna continue to max it out Good. And then we should have our house paid in often two years and then we will just be banking all of that money Just max out all of your retirement options. Right. Exactly. And we just feel like, I just feel like we're gonna have cash on hand in the bank.


We won't even have to touch our retirement when we both retire. Good. We can live off of the cash. So I just wanted to make sure that I was thinking properly that we could go to the market and if the market's saying X dollars, then let's just put that back now and plan for that. Just plan for it in your monthly budget. If you know it's gonna be an extra thousand, well then we need 9,000 a month instead of eight. Okay. You you're gonna be fine. Yeah. With 4 million, $5 million, 8 million. I mean this is, this is gonna be chump change in your world. Yeah. Well that's, that's what I, that's what I thought. But I just wanted to get somebody else's opinion. And do you all have any resources? I kind of feel like we followed the plan, but I kind of feel like once you get to like step seven Yeah, it kind of falls off and it doesn't really, and my, and maybe I just haven't followed up enough, but like for retirement or you're getting close to the retirement years, what should you do now?


If I were you, if I were you, I'd get with a smart vest pro because they're gonna be able to look at your situation as it is and they're gonna help you work with your goals to create the situation as you want it to be for when you retire. And so you can hop on Ramsey Solutions dot com Smart investor. Yeah. It'll take you right There. Yeah. It'll take you right there. And Then we do have an investing hub as well. If you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash investing, we've got a lot of resources and calculators and tools to help you figure that out. The the problem is, Tammy telling someone this is how it has to be in retirement would be a crazy thing to do. 'cause everyone's situation is so different. That's right. The plan stays the same for here's how to get outta debt. We've had 10 million people do it when it comes to retirement. Well, do you have money?


Do you have debt that largely, you know, will dictate what your life's gonna look like and what your goals are for retirement? If you wanna spend 10 grand a month on travel, your retirement plan needs to look different than someone who's going to be mega frugal. Yeah. Or if you wanna retire before 59 and a half and you wanna make sure that there's money available to you without penalty. So, but you get The fact that you guys already have 2 million and you still have another decade of, of work ahead of you and investing and maxing out. You're gonna be, you're not the ones we're worried about. Let's put it that way. That's right. Right. But we followed your plan too. So You're living proof how We gotta where we're at, It works. So it's a, it's a very simple formula, Tammy. You get a paid four house and you have a big nest egg, your life's gonna be okay.


You've got plenty of margin. You're going to outlast your retirement, you're gonna be, be able to leave an inheritance to your children's children. Yeah. And you guys are a great example of, that's a way to go. And I'm happy that you are right there. It is. That's a, I'd rather be right with Tammy. I know. I don't wanna be on the, on the business end of Tammy. Nick is in Fairbanks, Alaska up next. What's going on Nick? Hey, so I just moved to Fairbanks. I'm looking at buying a cabin right next to work with no running water for around 60 5K. Who hurt you, Nick? I can do, yeah. What happened In your life that you went, you went full hatchet, you were like, all right, this is it. No Running water.


I got my plant fitness membership. I'm taking my showers. I got showers at work too. So I mean, I'm still maintaining that hygiene. But We believe you, We believe you is. But why is this the option? Are there no options with running water? I mean, like, there are, but this cabin is 13 minutes from work and otherwise I could get a more traditional home with a mortgage. But I'm looking at 30 to 45 minute drives of work or approaching winter. The roads are terrible and I just can't wrap my head around a 13 minute drive to work. Are are you like a handy guy? Like is this, is this right up your alley to to, to take this cabin and, and turn it into what it needs to be?


There's gonna be a learning curve for me. Oh, it, it's gonna need 10 K in renovations. But You're telling me there's nowhere to live within a 40 minute radius of your employment. Correct? Yeah. Where do you work? I'm a geologist. I'm a geologist, so I kind of work a little bit in remote areas and mining is a big thing around here. So What happens, what needs to happen to the, the cabin straightaway for you to be able to live in it and like go through the winter? Honestly, the cabin is livable right now. If you throw in a wood stove but You don't have any water. No, but I mean, like, you get one of those five gallon jug, five gallon Gatorade jugs and you know, you're, you're good.


you have electric, so I'm still you. Dude, even bare grills is like, I'm getting running water, dude. I'm not living this line of life. I mean, I just feel like in today's world, I don't know why you would choose that level of suffering. What will it cost when You don't have to, what it cost? What will it cost to add plumbing and running water? 'cause is there no plumbing or is it just that the plumbing's not working? Tell us more. No plumbing. So not designed for it, if anything. No, I'm not gonna drill a well. If anything you would get a ci turn. Can I just ask like a logistics question? What like bathroom facilities? Yeah, outhouse. All right.


If this was like your, your weekend getaway, I would be like, Hey dude, all for it. Do this in cash. This is awesome. What a cool little thing. But for your normal everyday life, how old are you? I'm 26. Okay. What are your like further life goals beyond the cabin? What do you want to do in five years, 10 years? Honestly, I wanna stay in Alaska, do all of the Alaskan outdoor adventures that I, that we all see on the Discovery Channel. Okay. And honestly, I think this cabin can turn into an Airbnb at some point. When I'm ready to buy a more traditional home With no running water. You think I'm paying money to stay there?


Alaskan tourism is really, really big market. Okay, here's the deal. I don't want you to mix your general life every day with a cool investing opportunity. That's when we start to make poor decisions and justify them. I would look into any opportunity to live somewhere with running water, even if that means a 30 minute commute. That's me personally. I cannot in good faith tell you to go through with this Purchase. I, I think the Airbnb market wants bathrooms. Even if you are going to Alaska, it's like, I want to go out in the wi wilderness by day, but at night I want to take a hot shower If I want to camp on Camp and use the facilities. But if I'm paying money for a place, I'd prefer a toilet.


You're gonna have a girlfriend without a toilet, I can tell you that. Well, that's a weird way to end. But that's, that's it. This has been The, Ramsey, Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds.


So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey personality George Kamel, joined by bestselling author Jade War Shop. We're taking your calls at triple eight Eight two five five two two five.


Doug is gonna kick us off this hour in Kansas City. What's going on? Doug How, can We help you today? Well, thanks for taking my call. Number one, I really appreciate the time. Sure. I need to know if it would be in my best interest for the IRS to attach a lien onto my 401k. I feel like best interest is a very generous term there. Why would you even suggest this as a matter? Okay. A lot of stuff to unpack. I'll try to be concise. Okay. My partner developed brain cancer several years ago, got on Social security disability, cashed his checks, gave it to me, I deposited to my bank.


Okay. He passed away after six years of this. Oh, sorry. And the IRS went back and said since he was not on my account, that that was considered income. So Because you looking at the social security checks? Yes. Got it. Okay. They said it was considered as rental income and now it threw me into a different tax bracket into the 28% tax bracket at the time. Okay. With penalties and interest, it came to $71,854. Is that, have you verified that that's correct Or is that just what the IRS is saying?


No, I had an attorney work on it for, this has been in the works for four years now. Okay. Keep going. I got hit with this in 20, 22 months after my partner passed away. I'm so sorry. And Thank you. It's been, I was, ugh. But anyway, I am so very blessed in many other ways that this is just kind of a little Murphy moved in several years ago and now we're getting ready to kick him out. So the IRS wanted two, I'm paying them $1,100 a month to get this debt paid. That leaves me with $214 a month.


Breathing room. What's your full income? I Just, my full, I make 72,500 a year. Okay. And what of that do you bring home, just so we don't have to figure the taxes? $3,937. Okay. thank you. Keep going. So they're taking over 25% of your income. Yes. Essentially garnishing your wages? Correct. Okay. So I called the IRS the other day and said this just is not working. The company that I work for is absolutely one of the best companies in the world. When I started there, I just put all my money into the company stocks, which I know you're not supposed to do.


And the average I paid per stock was $71 and 22 cents. The stocks are now $900. Wow. So you got a lot over there. How much, But this, is this tied up in a retirement account or is this just in a Yes, It is. Okay. It's in a 401k. Just in the company's stock portion. I have 1.4 million. Wow. Wow. Just single stocks and Just single stocks, single stock. And then I have in, in the other diversified amounts, I have a little over 610,000. So it, it basically, it's 2000 or 2 million, 86,000 into my 401k. But it's all locked into the 401k, which means if you were to access the single stock, you would be penalized.


Okay. If I, okay, I'm 57 and at 59 and a half would I be able to sell some of those stocks to pay my house off? And now I wouldn't be charged capital gains though, would I? It would just be my regular, That's a traditional 401k you have? Yes. That would be as ordinary income, not capital gains. Okay. and I would be okay because at that point, and I'm actually almost 58, so in a year and a half, if everything goes right, my 401k I'm averaging over the lifetime of my 401k, 12.8%. So 12% of the 2 million would be, you know, a little over 200,000.


So I'm not really losing anything from this point on. If I cash out a hundred thousand dollars to pay my house off and to finish paying off the IRS, I would definitely be, I would definitely do the IRS thing 100%. If you didn't pull for your house without the IRS garnishing, your wages, how quickly could you pay off your home? Well, with just $1,100 breathing room, I've got $62,000 left to pay on it. Awesome. And it's worth, it's worth about three 40 right now. Nice. What if you do what Jade said, you, you waited until 59 and a half, you made your payments to the IRS.


Then at 59 and a half we cash out the stocks as much as we need to to pay off the rest of the IRS debt. Let's continue working and use future income and margin to pay the house off. Then we can look at what retirement looks like. Okay. You're probably in your early sixties at that point, and you didn't touch the, the nest egg. The nest egg to pay off the house. Well, and I don't live an extravagant lifestyle. So even the money that's in there, I will never go through much less that compounded interest. So I'm setting up, I've set up a charity and then I'm going to move monies from my 401k to the charity so I can send, you know, underprivileged students to school and give them all that good grants and stuff like that.


So. Wonderful. So I just, I just didn't know if it was a smart move. If I, I, I'm just freaking out because I don't want to owe anybody money and I'm gonna have this $40,000 looming over it. And if your attorney said, Hey, this is, this is legit. you have to pay this, then there's no way around it. Let's just attack it with all the intensity we can. Okay. But I wouldn't have them put a lien on your 401k. I wouldn't do a 401k withdrawal. I wouldn't do a 401k loan. No, I would not. I would simply just make the payments on time and then when you can get more money from that 401k without penalty, I would just knock it out. And if you can find a way to bring in a little extra income for the next year and a half just so you have some breathing room, I think it'd be worth it to do that.


And to George's point, not touch this until retirement Environment. Okay. Thanks so much for the call, Doug. That's tough. That's a tough One. Can you imagine getting hit with the IRS bill that much like out of the blue, you don't even see it coming. Yeah. And just so everyone knows that's it's listening and watching out there. When you have IRS debt, back taxes, whatever it is that goes to the very tip of the top of your debt snowball. Yeah. And the reason is they can destroy your life. Well, clearly, because even his payment, the payment that they negotiated together was still over, like you said, over 25% of his take home pay. And that on top of all your other bills, that makes things very tight. So it's not a place you want to be.


Yeah. And there's no way around it. There's no, like, you're not gonna negotiate, like what you owe is what you owe. You gotta pay it and it stinks. But it's one reason you gotta work with a tax pro. A lot of people wait until it's too late or they run a small business and go, oh, I didn't know I had To pay tax. You just thought a small business just gets to avoid paying taxes. But there is part of that though, that just because you get a bill from the IRS, you do need to do your due diligence because there a lot of Scams Don't always get the math right. Yeah. And, and a lot of scams out there, we're finding Yeah, that's true. People claim to be the IRS and they scare you with fear to go, Hey, you owe us this money. And the IRS goes, no, no, that was a scam. You just gave money to a scammer and you'll never get a back. Yeah. They, they almost, I don't think they ever will call you.


Almost every contact, I believe is through the mail. So, And I always go, all right, let me call the IRS myself, myself with the number on their website. Call them. 'cause you can even spoof numbers now it looks like it's coming from a legit number or a legit email. But if you send an email out or you call that number, it's the legitimate institution. I I Google 'em. If I get something, like I got something from Ally Bank and I thought it was a scam, I just Google it and it'll tell you if's there you a scam or not. Go. Good wisdom there. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years, and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through, how am I gonna pay my bills middle? How am I gonna the middle, How be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud. And you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family, by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


Hey, it's Dr John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders. Start feeling in control of your money again, download the EveryDollar app today for free.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell. Joan joined by Jade Warshaw. The number to call is Triple eight Eight two five five two two five.


Well, Jade, we just launched a brand new tour. Dave and Dr John. Delony are hitting the road. They're coming to a city near you. It's the Money and relationship tour. And this is a cool event because the audience shapes the conversation every night. You get to select the topics that matter most to you, whether it's budgeting, relationship dynamics, achieving your financial goals. You get to drive the night. And they're heading to Louisville, April 21st, 2025, Durham on April 23rd, Atlanta, April 25th, Phoenix on May 5th, Fort Worth on May 7th, and finally ending the tour in Kansas City on May 9th. So join Dave Ramsey and Dr John Delony live in person. You're gonna laugh, learn you might change your life. Get your tickets to the Money and Relationships tour at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're tuning in on YouTuber podcast, just click the link in the show notes.


All right, Jade, we've got a Ramsey Network app question here. And if you didn't know, when you download The Ramsey Network app, yes, you can consume all the Ramsey content for free, get exclusive stuff. But there's also a spot to submit questions. I love that. And occasionally we'll take those on air. This one comes from, comes in from Chris. All right. He says, my wife and I are planning to sell our condo in Wyoming and purchase a house in Indiana. My wife is a stay-at-home. Mom and I earn $110,000 per year. We have 90,000 saved and expect to profit a minimum of 175,000 on the sale of our condo. Our only debt is a car payment of $600 and a balance of 30,000. Okay.


Should we use all of the equity in our house and savings for the down payment on our new home? Just about, let's see. You've got 90,000 saved. Yeah. I mean, once you pay off the house, you've got the 90,000 that would make up three to six months of expenses and then some. So now we've knocked out baby step two and baby step three. And then after that you start investing. And so yeah, if you wanted to put all of this really on the new home, you could, as long as you keep out three to six months of expenses, you see? Yeah. If you walking through those baby steps, I mean, they've, they're gonna have $265,000 in savings once they sell. So if you take that and you go, all right, we need a thousand dollars saved. Got that. Next up, let's knock out the $30,000 of card debt.


Knock that out. Now we're down to 2 35. Now we need three to six months of expenses. Let's call that 35. 35. We're gonna put the rest of the 200 onto the new house as a down payment. Love that. That's exactly what I would do. Ding Ding. Sometimes the simplest answer is the right one. Yeah. But we wanna overcomplicate it and we go, well, I don't know if I wanna put it all in the home. and I want just, yeah. Knock out the mortgage. Trust Me, there's something about having money in your hand. You're like, maybe I should just keep it here in my hands. Yes. Or I could invest it and make more. Yeah. Or you could not owe anyone anything. I love that. How's that? That's a good plan too. Yeah. All right, let's get to the phone lines. Nathan is in Kansas City. What's going on, Nathan? Hi. how are you guys? Doing Well.


How can We help today? So I just had a question. It is more of a relationship question. About a week ago, my girlfriend gave me an ultimatum on which candidate I should vote for in the upcoming presidential election. When you say ultimatum, it's like, vote for this person, or, I'm breaking up with you. That's indirectly what she said. Yes. Can, can we know who she wants you to vote for? Yeah, I mean, I don't, just for the team. Yeah, sure. That's, that's fine. So she, she wants me to vote for Kamala Harris.


Okay. Somehow I knew that. I don't know why. I don't know. Somehow I just knew that. Okay. And you're like, no, I don't want to. So you guys, was it like a friendly discussion about politics when it started? Absolutely not. Or has this been a recurring thing? Did she get fired up about political issues As I found out the other night? Yes. Very much so. So, so you discovered a new value of hers that is not a value of yours. Are you, are you politically charged as well on the other side? Or are you just like, nah, I don't, it's not my thing. Nah, it's not really my thing. Like I don't, I don't care who you vote for. Like I'll go have a sandwich with you afterwards, you know? That's okay. Yeah. But she kind of cornered you and said, Hey, wait, who are you voting for?


Well, so here's the situation we've been, I'll try to keep it as brief as I can. We've been together almost three years. We actually leave from Mexico in less than two weeks, maybe where I, yeah. Where I plan to propose. Oh Man. And, And then, so, so how it came up was, is we're gonna be turning in absentee ballots. And she just asked me, Hey, who'd you, who'd you put on your ballot for the political party? And you know, I was vague with my reasonings why you had Wrap had sense. You had a feeling that she was gonna be pretty strong. I, Otherwise why would you hide it?


Well, I don't, I don't, I don't feel like I was, I don't think that I was hiding it. But I mean, I'm just saying like, if, if you didn't think it was gonna be anything, you probably would've been more forthcoming, but something you know her well enough to know that you could probably guess maybe who, because I, I'm just thinking when we vote, it's generally a reflection of something we value. And whatever that value is, we've probably displayed it to the people in our lives. I would, I mean, the People closest to us. Yeah. So prior to this, I could have guessed that. Well, actually, I, she had expressed that she was interested in the, I think it was the independent candidate.


What was his name? Robert F. Kennedy. Okay. Yes. And that's who she was interested in. Okay. I mean, I don't, I don't know if I, if I failed by not having a discussion about politics early in the relationship, I just, I didn't think that was, I thought that always was something you could agree to disagree on. And a lot of people Do, and you can, that's the thing. It's not a, like, you have to agree on politics or else, but if She is this intense about it, then this is a red flag that there, this could be a rift later on in the relationship. And I definitely drill it down because there, it might be a single, like I drill down and say, okay, what is it that, what is the single issue? Is it a single issue?


Is it a more than one issue? What's the single issue that you really feel that we're divided on? Because it might not be, do you know what I'm saying? Because I think right now you're thinking of it as like this candidate versus that candidate. but it might be something that she's like, I just, you know, I grew up poor. And the fact that these, you know, it could be something that's linked to who She is, and that if you guys speak about it in a direct sense as opposed to like the, the candidates. Right? Like try to talk about it and keep the candidates out of it and say, okay, what is it that you're hoping for? And I'll tell you what I'm hoping. And you might find that you have more in common than you have not in common.


Okay. And you might be able to find that common ground. and I'm not saying that you're gonna 100% agree, but you might at least be able to find some common ground. Because the truth is like a lot of the issues are very, very polarizing. And they do require a deep conversation in order to find common ground. That is the truth. So I would get to the bottom of this and I would avoid the headlines and what's happening in the media. 'cause what's really happened, Jade, is they've weaponized it all. And it's, if you vote for them, you're bad guy. You want democracy to die. And if you vote for that person, then it's all going down. and I just that, none of that is going to happen. And so I think, I don't know her level of emotion around it, but I think getting to the bottom of it and then figuring out, okay, are you gonna be able to respect my autonomy in this relationship to vote as I see fit?


And if not, if you don't respect that boundary, then this relationship may not work in the long term. 'cause there's gonna be another election. Well, and to be fair, like, to be fair, she's allowed to have very strong convictions. And so are you. And if you guys find, hey, we're not aligned, that's okay. Like, it can just be like, you know what? I hate that it got to this point. And we realize we're 100% not aligned on some things that are really, really important. 'cause the truth, me just being Jade right now, Sam, my husband, Sam and I we're aligned. and I can't imagine not being aligned that Yeah. I mean, we say politics, religion, family, those are some of the key things you, that you tend to have to be aligned on. Now people can make it work when they're not aligned.


We have, people have mixed religions and mixed politics. They can, but I don't know. I can't speak to how easy or difficult it is, But yeah, there's going to be more difficulty and you guys have to be both healthy people. Yeah. And if one person is unhealthy, there's not gonna be a, a future ahead. So you're gonna have to have some tough conversations. But I would not move forward with this relationship and propose until we get to the bottom of this. Yes. If it's true, the ultimatum, you vote for anyone else, it's over. Then I think we need to figure out what's next. Religion, politics, money and family. How you raise the kids. Do you want kids? You think those are, yeah. Have you had these conversations, Nathan? So we've had the conversation of the four things I think you talk about before getting ready for an engagement or, or marriage.


Right. It's, it's the, it's the how many kids you wanna raise. Yeah. It's the, it's the in-laws. Well, this is the, this is the next one, man. It's not gonna be fun. and I hope it works out. I hope this is not the, the line in the sand she draws. But that's a weird one. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable in field of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health, plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not wanna miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Phone number to call is Triple eight, Eight two five five two two five. But in the meantime, on the debt-free stage, we've got some, got some special guests. Eugene and Jennifer are with us. Hey guys. Hey. Hi. How's It going? I'm guessing by your debt as normal be weird shirt and your debt free sweatshirt. You guys are debt free? Absolutely. Yep. Where are you from? We're from Warminster, Pennsylvania. It's about 20 miles north of Philadelphia. Awesome. Thanks for joining us to celebrate your debt free scream. Tell us how much you paid off. We Paid off $173,000. Let's Go. How long did that take? 48 months, four years. Wow. And what was your range of income during that time?


125,000 to 185,000. Nice. Wonderful. What do you guys do for work? I'm a project manager at the local utility company in Philadelphia. and I also did some side hustles grocery delivery for Walmart and Amazon Flex. Wow, Nice. Not scared of work. I love it. So what happened, what happened four years ago that you guys just said? That's it, we're going after it. Yeah. Well, I guess it started when our, when our fourth was born, Carolyn, I was kind of in a midlife crisis trying to look for ways to get more money. I was looking into, you know, investing people, trying to, I even went and bought two I I spent $200 on something to try to invest in sectors, but that didn't really go so well.


You're Looking for a a, a Quick, so you got desperate, A get rich quick scheme. Oh, You got rich quick scheme. So that's Jennifer's shaking your head. Yes. He was very desperate. And Jennifer, what were you thinking during this time? Was money stressful for you four years ago or was he taking this on sort of solo? Yeah, he was solo. Oh my goodness. You're like, I'm let you do this on your own. Yes. Wow. Okay. So you decided to make a change. What kind of debt was this? 173. It was her house. What? Okay. Quiet. That's why Twist. So kid number four rolls along, you get desperate to get some get rich quick scheme, and then you find Dave somehow what happened? Yeah. So you could probably tell the story better than me, but she wa she usually watches God's God people stories.


It's a podcast, Billy Graham podcast. Yeah. And she showed me, Dave Ramsey was on there, and I'm like, who is this guy? I did run into some his YouTube videos, but I'm like thinking, oh, he's, he's too normal. He's telling you to invest in retirement. I'm already doing that. He's Like, get rich slow. I need someone faster, Dave, come On. Exactly. And it's like, that's not sophisticated enough. So, you know, I started looking into these, I bought some investing books and as I mentioned, I spent $200 on trying to invest in sectors and I. I actually opened a, a brokerage account and put $40,000 in it. But in three months I ended up losing Oh man, $2,600 and it wasn't fun. Yeah.


Wow. So was all 173 the house? Yeah, it was, it was the house. So I guess, yeah, when, when we started, I like, there were, there were a couple things that led us to actually doing this. We ran into some people at church that were doing Financial Peace University. They were starting up a class. So I guess right before Covid, that's when we went over to their house. We watched, you know, probably three lessons after that, of course the pandemic hit, but then me and my wife were fired up and, you know, we gotta do this, we gotta buy the, the Ramsey plus membership. So we went in bench watch, probably like, you know, the remaining like nine lessons to Right.


Get kicked kick started. And that's kind of when we started being on the same page. And I'm like, you know, our only debt left was the, was the house we had, luckily we had no consumer debt. You know, ever since I started my job, I was consistently investing 10% into the retirement. So I'm like, I'm glad we got that going for us. But we weren't organized, we weren't doing a budget. It was just, you know, we, we made a lump sum payment for the credit card at the end of the month and, you know, paid for the previous months This month it was just a mess. But, and You're like, we should be doing better. Like, if we got on a budget, we could find more money and get this house paid off. Yeah. So what was the tactical piece of this? Did you guys just go, all right, we're doing the budget.


How much can we throw at the mortgage every month? Yeah, for the most part I'm like, I just got me thinking. I, you know, I could, I, I'm gonna set a goal for myself. I'm gonna pay this off before I turn 40. I think I was, you know, 36 at the time when we refinanced our mortgage. And then yeah, just kind of ran it through a amortization schedule. Yeah. And then figured out if we put $400 extra a month for a side hustle, then we can pay this off. When you see it like that, it really changes things. And you know, for you guys, you did this in four years, which is fairly quickly explain what that felt like. Because we always say, you know, the first few baby steps you're going through with intensity, you're going fast, fast, fast. And then baby steps six, it's, it's more intentional.


And so you guys were kind of right in the middle of that. So what was the hardest sacrifice? Or was there a sacrifice? He pretended it was a baby steps. What, two or three? Really? Okay. Oh, he just stayed intense. He Stayed intense. Yeah. And you were fine with that. You were like, all right, I'll go along. I wasn't initially. Yeah. How did this affect the, the family, the kids? Did they even know what was going on? No, we, we stopped eating out all the time. We really got on a budget, but, And they didn't like form a mutiny against you guys? Like what happened? They're too young. They were on. Okay. They're too little to know or care. Yes. They just go, okay, chicken nuggets for dinner, whether it's from, you know, Chick-fil-A or the oven, who cares? Yes, Exactly. That's it. That's simple.


Wow. She wouldn't to pay it off before his 40th birthday and today's his birthday. No Way. Congratulations and happy birthday. thank You. So what's it feel like? you have no payments. Have you, have you had that first cycle of where the month comes and there's no payment? Oh, this is the first month. Really? That it's, oh Wow. Hit us. Oh wow. Is that fresh? Yeah. And it just stays in your bank. What do you do with this money now? Hopefully you're not gonna do sector trading anymore. This trip was our, Our first, this was it. You traded a mortgage payment for a, a little vacation to Nashville. Yep. Wow. Can I ask, what was the mortgage payment? It, It was, umm, trying to think. It was 1600 and then, you know, with the, with all the taxes was like two grand.


Wow. So two Grand month, $1,600. Wow. Back into your Pocket. And then you're like, Hey, can we throw an extra thousand, 2000? Like what was the biggest payment you made at once? We, I get my bonus every year. So probably about like 10,000. Awesome. One time. Holy. And seeing that that principle go down and seeing less interest go to the lender, making them more rich, like it is an incredible feeling. Oh yeah. That'll carry you to the end. Yeah. We're so proud of you guys. Absolutely. What's next? What's the, what's the next big goal? What's the next big celebration? I think we, we want to get a bigger house just because we've been living in the same house for 15 years that our starter house. So now, you know, with four kids and everything and teenager, a teenager, it's time to move up and, alright, you know, now we can do this, you know, within the Ramsey guidelines, get a 15 year fixed rate.


That's no more than a quarter of your take home pay. So. Yep. And my guess with your nerdery, this thing's getting paid off fast Instantly you'll Be back for a second. Debt free debt-free scream four years from now. That's what I'm thinking. Way To go. So what do you tell people the key to getting outta debt is I think yeah, consistency and, you know, just for me and Jen, it was just our why, like, why are we doing this? It wasn't until we watched Financial Peace together where we were like united in the, you know, getting this done. You know, even though she's a, she's a homeschool mom. We, she had four, you know, with the four kids. But just being in the front, having her as the support while I'm doing this was just instrumental. And, you know, being able to give to, you know, ministries not being, not being, you know, restricted by payments from the bank.


Obviously being able to free to do our, you know, our money and then, you know, following God's will. Yeah. You just have more options now. Yes. You get to do what you want. No one's telling you where that payment's gotta go. Absolutely. Oh, that's incredible. How much is the house worth? It's about 500,000. I just looked. Whoa. And what's in your like retirement accounts? Everything. It's, I just looked before this 700, about 700,000 in retirement and like, You know what that means? All that stuff. Baby steps, millionaires right in front of our eyes being weird. That's incredible. That's that. We have a, a gift for you. Two EveryDollar premium vouchers that are good for one year. You can use them, you can pass them along, get someone else started.


We're so proud of you guys. Thanks for joining us. Thank you Thank you. You ready? Are we bringing the kids up or what? Alright, bring them up quick names and ages. Okay. We have Melanie's 13, Eugene's 12, Carolyn's five, and Rosie's nine. I love it. All the way from the Philadelphia area to do a debt free scream. You guys ready to scream? Yes. Okay, here we go. It's Eugene and Jennifer. Melanie, Rosie and another Eugene and Carolyn. 173,000 paid off house and everything in four years. Making 1 25 to 180 5 with the side hustles on his 40th birthday. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1 1. We're Debt free.


We got a a Eugene, little Eugene is the champion shirt on and I. I think that's what they are today. They're champions. They happened to their life. They didn't just wait, they didn't hope they got on a plan, they followed through. They were consistent, they were on a budget. And it's possible for you America 40 years old on his birthday. Wow. Completely debt free. That's something to celebrate. This is The Ramsey, Show Folks. Changing your family tree takes more than rice and beans and side hustles. It's also about transferring the big financial risks off your family by having the right kinds of coverage in place. That's why my team created the coverage checkup quiz.


It only takes about five minutes to find out what types of insurance you need and don't need to protect your finances. Make this quiz one of your regular checkups starting right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw Triple eight. Eight two five five two two five is the number to call if you want to jump in. Arnold is in Baton Rouge. Up next. What's going on Arnold? Hi George. Hi Jade. My wife and I love y'all very much. Oh thank you. That's very kind, excited to talk to you.


Alright, so we are in a FHA mortgage, which we got before we discovered Dave RAMSEY. We have no consumer debt. We're, we're both engineers and we're paying off our house quicker. Good. And we're sitting at a six and a half percent interest and we have a savings built up where we're ready to pounce whenever interest rates like actually go down. And the next year or so, as they say they are, our current mortgage payment is $1,761 plus escrow brings it up to 25 84 per month. But we got called from our current mortgage provider, which is like the third one by now.


'cause you know the, it's hot game of hot potato over them. They just sell off the loan and forget about you. Yeah, yeah. It is what it is. And they're offering something called A FHA streamline. And when you Google it, it's, it says, the law says it has to be a net positive for the person getting the streamline and all. They said that they will cover the, the closing costs of that quote unquote refinance. That's great. And all great. All I gotta pay is origination origination fees, which is about $200. And my PMI even goes down some. Okay. Which Now the numbers they're giving don't seem to match.


These are the people that have my numbers and yet they're telling me this monthly savings, which would be about two months to gain back the origination fees depending on how I, if I go 15 or 30, which we do 15 obviously. Okay. But they're giving numbers that just don't add up. So like what do y'all know about this? Is it too good to be true? That's a legitimate product. I'm really young. It's, it really depends on the numbers and if it makes sense and what you're laying out right now, if it is true that it's only gonna cost you 200 bucks, you're gonna break even on that very quickly and that's what you wanna look into with this. So is it going to, number one, lower your interest rate?


Do you know what that new interest rate would be? Yep, 6%. Okay, so half a percent not enough to refinance. Refinance but okay. 200 bucks. Yeah. And you're keeping the same loan term, does it, does it make it a new 15? I'd have to go into a new 15 or a new 30 the year. The loan's about a year old and we've already knocked off about four years off of it. And you don't have much equity, it sounds like About 15% currently. 'cause the value has gone up a bit. So by the next year it should be, we should be at about 20%, which would be great for refinancing for real. Is the streamlined part just this id, is that just the idea that there's not a closing or is there something else that's being streamlined?


I don't know, faster. That's why I was asking y'all. Yeah, I mean the, the streamlined that's just, you know, there's less paperwork so you get a lower interest rate without all the paperwork and the credit checks that usually come with the standard refinance. So the main benefit because of that are reduced fees and you don't have to provide as much documentation. Listen, That's exactly truly, I mean I, and continue to do your research, but during this time I would be looking for incentives to refi because a rates, you know, will go down but then you don't know are they gonna go down even more after that. And so you kind of don't want to be caught in this feeling of, oh I just paid closing costs, I paid all of this and now rates have gone down again. So I would be looking for some sort of incentive that lets me refinance down until I get to the best rate without having to pay a bunch of closing fees.


Closing costs. Okay. So yeah, it doesn't sound scam worthy. It sounds like it's a legitimate product and they'll make a little scratch and you'll save It could be a win-win for everyone. And if you want a a second opinion, I would reach out to Churchill Mortgage always to say, Hey, here's what they're offering. Can you look at these numbers, make sure I'm not missing anything. And we've got great folks over there that we've partnered with for over 30 years now. That's right. And they're my go-to, I've got a mortgage question, I'll reach out to my buddies over there and say, Hey, will you look at this? Tell me if I'm off here's, or hey, a caller had this question, what are you, what's your experience with this? And they're very helpful, very knowledgeable. So thank you for the question and good luck on paying off that mortgage. Alright, we've got our question of the day. Brought to you by Why Refi, private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae, but they can hurt just the same Why, Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay.


So to stop feeling the pain of defaulted private student loan debt, go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be available in Allstate. Okay. Today's Question comes from Rachel in Wisconsin. She says, I wanna be financially prepared to ask my husband for a divorce. He purchased our home the year before we got married, and we've been married for five years. We used the $75,000 of profit from the sale of my house to update our home. We have combined finances, so we both contribute to the mortgage every single month. However, we never added my name to the deed or mortgage. I'm worried because I don't know if I will be entitled to any of the equity in the house.


We have children together and I'm scared to leave until I know that I will be financially secure to start over with them. Okay. Yeah. If, if you were said that, you know, we're boyfriend girlfriend or whatever, I would would've, We're married six months. Yeah. But you've been married five years, You have protections just being married. There are financial protections in place and no judge is gonna say, well, you're on your own. You didn't right, you, you, your name wasn't on the deed. What can you do? They're gonna go, all right, what is equitable here? Yeah. What makes sense based on the situation. And so, And in most states it's kind of, I I, I can't say all states, but in most states it's automatic that if something, once you're married that you're both marial assets. Both, yeah. Yeah. So that it becomes joint assets.


So I, again, I don't know your situation. I would be working with a divorce attorney to figure out what makes sense here. Depending on, you know, you said you have children together. I don't know what the deal is gonna be with custody and alimony and child support and all of that, but it's not gonna be, well, you're on your own and you're not getting any money from the sale of the house. Yeah. You might have to force the sale. Maybe you keep the home and the kids are there half the time. I don't know. But I'm sorry you're going through this. This is not a fun situation. Div, we say that divorce turns a marriage into a business transaction. And I'm glad that you're at least looking into what it takes to be prepared and if you're gonna be financially secure. But the truth is, being debt free and selling this house is probably gonna, may, may be the best thing depending on the financial situation.


But I, I hope it's not too late the way she's phrasing it. It sounds like it. There's no hope for this marriage. Yeah, I, yeah, I'm not, you Don't know what's going on. I Don't, but something about her saying I want to be financially secure to start over with the kids makes me think that she's kind of like trying to get out of a situation here. But I would talk to a lawyer, I would just try to do a consult for as cheap as possible just to find out what's the law in my state and what does it mean and what's the, what are the likelihoods here? Just based off of general information. Yeah, Because income is another part. Was she That's right. What at home with the kids and he was making a bajillion dollars or were they making about the same? Yeah, that's going to come into play.


So, oh, I'm so sorry Rachel. Not fun at all. Right. If you're listening to the show on YouTube or podcast, some bad news, it's about to end good news. You can continue watching and listening on The Ramsey Network app in a distraction free experience. You can go further. We got calls picked for you. You can filter by topic, you get all the RAMSEY shows in one place. You can ask questions over there. So don't miss what's coming up next. All you need to do is click the link in the show notes or go watch the rest of the show in the app for free. And Jade, we just had a great staff meeting update from The, Ramsey, Network team about all the things they're doing in the app, what's going on in there, all the exclusive content. And can I tease that you are a part of a project that I'm hearing might be exclusive to the app?


Oh really? I don't even know about this. You tell me. Well, I'm just, I can't say anymore. Okay. I'm sworn to secrecy by contract, but I'm very excited for the exclusive content they're gonna be putting into this app on top of all The, Ramsey, Network shows that are already free. The app is totally free. We have no plans on ever charging for this app. So go check it out in your app store. Google Play the app store on Apple. My husband watches the show in the app and he was saying the other day, he's like, it's, it is a much better experience. It's, there's less interruptions, less commercial. Like it's just, it flows. That's the plan is, you know, the third party apps are great. We're not mad at them. But to have an experience that we can, yeah, control and curate is really, really cool.


And people are, they're flocking over to it, including some exclusive interviews. So go check it out in the app store because the third hour is exclusive to The Ramsey Network app. And we've got some good calls coming up. We got John in New York, Catherine also in New York. Ooh do they know each other? And we're gonna find out, How do I talk to my parents about the money they owe me? Ooh, Stick around for that salty. We'll see you in the app. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.