
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz, number one, bestselling author, host of the Rachel Cruz Show and Smart Money Happy Hour co-host, my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Cody is in Boston. Hey, Cody. What's up? Hi, Mr. RAMSEY and Mrs. Cruz. Thanks for having me on. Sure. I hope the cruise went well. It did. It was fabulous. Great. It was good. We missed you.


Yeah. Hopefully next year. So I have a question. I'm planning on proposing to my girlfriend here coming up soon, but back in November she told me that her father had transferred all of her parents' investments to her so that her sister could get a larger financial aid package. I basically said to not tell me anything more because I think this might be fraud. She said her dad talked to someone and he said it was all fine. And then a month ago I went to ask for hand to her parents. They said yes, but her dad kinda led me into saying that I would be willing to sign a prenup and he doesn't know that I know about the asset transfer.


Then last weekend I brought up the situation saying that I wasn't comfortable combining finances and signing marriage papers with these assets and putting my name under them. Again, she tells me their dad said it's above board, but I felt like it was maybe fraud. Hmm. So I told her that if she went to a lawyer and basically had him call me and said that it was all above board, I'd be fine with it. But I've just kind of wanted to get your opinion on this. Is it fraud or am I just kind of being paranoid about this? I'm not sure if I can make the judgment on whether it's criminal fraud or not.


It's definitely morally wrong. Yeah. Okay. That's What I think. The Pell grants that they qualify for by posing to be poor people are for poor people. Right. And these people are not poor people. Correct. So, I don't don't know if it's above board, quote unquote or not, but it's morally wrong. It's like saying, I'm gonna, I'm gonna not ha act like I don't have a job. Well, now that would be fraud. If I have a job and I collect welfare checks saying I don't have a job, that'd be fraud. But it'd be like I, I'm not gonna, I have the ability to work and make a lot of money, but I refuse to because I that way I qualify for free government, whatever.


Right. Same kind of thing. Yeah. And, and, and it's just, it's morally wrong. At a minimum, it is approaching the criminal side and the bigger problem, let's, let's change the word. It's ethically horrendous. Correct? Yes. It's ethically, ridiculously bad. This guy has no ethics. Okay. Yeah. He's willing to lie to the government to get poor people's legal student assistance. Right. Pell Grants, Pell Grants, income and asset based. And that's the only thing that qual, that's the only thing that I, in a possible financial aid package that would come up is the Pell Grant.


Okay. Nothing else. Unless the local, unless the college had a, an income based scholarship program or something. But most of them don't. So, but yeah, it's ethically wrong. That's what you're saying. And that, that's, that's why you got the, that's why you got slime on you and you wanted take a shower after you met with him. Yes. Yeah. So no full stop. Yeah. Have her transfer it back and Full stop. Yeah. Just, yeah. Yeah. I'm not going to participate in this. We are going to have a standalone life that does not involve something that I feel like is unethical. Yeah. I, yeah. It's, it's really been weighing on me. So I I really appreciate that that light Prenup prenup doesn't cover it.


Yeah, Exactly. You can't prenup away a lack of ethics. Yeah. And what's frustrating is she, yeah, No, I appreciate That. Yeah. And what's frustrating, Cody is she's, you know, in a sense, possibly the one that's gonna be punished in the middle of all of this. 'cause Cody, you're gonna say, no, I can't, like, I'm not, I'm not saying a prenup, I'm not doing this. I can't combine finances right now. Like this is a sticky situation. I don't feel comfortable attaching my name to all of this. And so she either has to choose to be Between her dad and her Fiance mean to get it grown up and to say, okay, I have to now think beyond what my dad says is okay. And actually start, you know, having this like, problem solving on my own With my future husband, With my future husband, and deciding that which is gonna be a, a, you know, a break.


That's gonna be a hard thing for her to do. But if she does it, then that kudos to her Right. Of likes. Okay. This would be a, You can be gentle of, and you can be kind. You don't have to accuse him of being a liar like I am or being unethical. You can just say, you can put it all back on you and just say, look, I don't feel right about this and I'm not Yeah. And, and I can't go forward participating. I'm so sorry. Don't, don't, don't call her dad names. Doesn't do any good. It's not gonna change him. Okay. He's never going to, he's never going to say, oh, wow. No, my daughter's boyfriend told me I was wrong. So now I think I'm wrong. Wrong. The chances of that are zero.


Okay. Yeah, exactly. So, I mean, you know, that, so Really it's, it's, it's your relationship with her that's on the line. I mean, and Of you guys having to work it and him just say, look, you know, you know, here, I'm, I'm, I'm making this up real time. I'm spitballing here. Okay. But you could just say something like, you know, I, I, I got some counsel because I'm, I was confused about this and it bothered me. Okay. And so I, I take all of the weight of the problem on you and, and, and, and just say, I just can't go forward with this. And the count. And, and here's what I would couch it in all of my understanding of your daughter and I setting up a household, is that we are to leave and cleave, we're to leave our parent, our mother and father, and establish our own standalone household.


And this does not allow us to do that. Yes, Sir. And I have to be able to do that, to have a high quality relationship with your daughter. And so you guys have gotta take these assets back. Well, That, and I Would probably have a prenup doesn't do it, and I can't, I can't go forward if we can't have a standalone household. The intertwining of these two households is not, is, is not healthy. Well, and I think even before that conversation though, he needs, he, he and her need to be on the same page to even go forward with it. Yeah. 'cause if she's like, no, no, I, this is what we're gonna do, my dad says, you, you know, he would decide a prenup, you Sorry, this is it. Yeah. And she doesn't budge. Well, and if she says, then that's, then that's, you know, you're, you're making a call here difficult.


But dude, I I, I, you know, if you, let's say she says that and you go, okay, I'm gonna cave. I'll sign everything. We're gonna get married. What's the probability you're married 10 years later? Almost zero. Yeah. So, I mean, from, From a single ar argument that then brings up everything. No, it's not a single argument. This is an argument over integrity. It's okay to lie to get a program that I don't qualify for. What else is she gonna be lying about? Because she thinks it's okay to lie because her dad taught her this. Right. So, I mean, that's not cool. Yeah. She needs to realize what's going on.


And if she doesn't realize it, That's A hard Conversation. She's gotta, you know, and you can't just cave because that condones the whole stupid thing and makes it look like it's okay. And then extrapolates into other stuff. Yeah. And 10 years later you got an explosion on your hands. Yeah. It's more of a, it's more of a, And I'm sorry, that's so painful. A revelation of character than anything else. And It's so painful. That's hard. Yeah. I mean, if your parents rob banks for a living and you think it's okay, maybe we shouldn't get married. You know, it's kind of where it's about where it lands. It's, although that is a criminal act, this is not a criminal act. I get it. I'm being dramatic. But still, that's the deal. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work, or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite, and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


At the break. I was talking to some people in the lobby from Phoenix, Dr. John Delony, and I'll be in Phoenix on May the fifth doing the money and relationships tour. We're gonna be talking about raising great kids, handling money, fights the right way, making real friends. In the 21st century, we're going to six cities, and it's a weird format. We've never done this before. We're gonna put up about 20 different subjects on, on, in an app. When you're sitting in the audience before the show starts, you're gonna vote on some Dave subjects, some John subjects, and some Dave and John subjects. And that's gonna form the format for the night. We're gonna, you're gonna build the talks, you're gonna build the order of the talk, or not the order, but you're gonna select what you want us to talk about. It's pretty cool. So pretty interactive that, that's a cool thing. Louisville, Kentucky is just a couple weeks away. April 21st. Durham, North Carolina on, that's on Monday on Wednesday is April 23rd is Durham. Friday is Atlanta. April 25th. Couple weeks after that, we'll be in Phoenix on May five for, that's a Monday Fort Worth on Wednesday, May 7th in Kansas City on May 9th. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Or if you're on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the show notes and you'll get your tickets. You don't wanna miss this guys. It's gonna be a lot of fun. John and I will have a lot of fun. The only thing more fun than John and me is Rachel and John, but they, they did a money and marriage. Yeah. Money and marriage stuff. Absolutely. Fun and hilarious and all that stuff.


John, speaking of, John is in San Francisco. Hi John, how are you? Hey, I'm doing well. Thanks so much for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Yeah, and look, I've just been listening for the last few weeks, just, just a recent listener here, and I really appreciate all the advice you've been giving. I'm trying to balance a couple things. So I have sort of two questions. One is related to a really expensive mortgage I have. I bought a house few years ago and I discovered soon enough that it was a bit of a lemon. Since then, I've been sort of spending all of my time repairing this house and trying to get it up to market value in hopes to, oh, I don't know, rent it or sell it or do something with it that could be profitable.


And the second thing is that, you know, a couple years ago I also met a lovely lady and she's just some about last year moved in with me and spent a bit of, bit of a struggle trying to have enough time for the relationship, manage the finances as I sort of continue to progress with this very expensive mortgage. How, what, how much is your mortgage payment? It's 5,300 a month. And what is your take on pay, sir? My take home is about 7,700 a month.


Your mortgage payment, your mortgage payment is 5,000, and your take home is 7,000. I know how you eat. That's about right. How Do you eat? It's been, it's been tricky. I Are you running up credit card debt? I don't have any consumer debt, no. Is there money somewhere else coming in or going out where, how in the world? That's an impossible budget. It's pretty tight. Yeah. I've had to do Right. A lot of the house repairs myself. I, I keep things pretty. You're, you're cutting in and out. Talk, talk directly into your phone. What'd you say? Oh, I have to keep a pretty tight budget. That's right. No, you don't have a budget.


The, this is impossible. I've done budgets for 35 years. Your mortgage is 75% of your take on pay. I don't, I don't, this is not, I mean, that's not sustainable. I, I'm, I'm shocked you've done that for more than 12 months and not caved in. I, I agree with you. I You need to sell this house yesterday. Do you have a lot of savings, John? Are you feeding your, are you, are you pull, are you pulling from savings at all? Yeah. Yeah. So I have about 30 and an emergency and about 80 in stocks right now. And how much are you burning through each month of your savings? I would say, you know, maybe a thousand, maybe 1500.


Yeah. Okay. Now we got it where you can eat. Now. I understand how, because it's, I mean, what you were telling me just wasn't so, so basically you're burning up your savings 'cause you bought a house you can't afford sell it. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So that, that's really it is. Should I, should I jump ship? Should I keep Yes. Bring up the value or That's, it's killing you Make, It's eating you alive. It's, there's nothing in this, this home ownership package that is fun. Everything you've described to me, John, you knew that dreams anxiety, but John, You knew this, right? Like, Well, it's, it's in a high value neighborhood. It's my got high rental market here.


High in demand, San Francisco Bay Area higher than your income. Hard not to see, see the stars and, and you know, the grass is always greener on the other side, so to speak, but Yeah. Yeah. The easier option. The Grass is always greener over the septic tank. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. Well Sell it, John. I think it's gonna relieve a lot of stress. I Think John appreciate, I think your relationship will thrive. Your finances will thrive a lot will thrive. When you're not stressed. I want you stress to the max about this. I mean, that's, that's hard. Here's the thing. It's hard not, not only is the arithmetic absolutely ridiculous in this 'cause you're burning savings. Thank you For saying Arithmetic. You're saying, you're saying the mathematics of this. You're saying it's, it, it's, you know, you're burning through your savings.


So that's principle number one. But what I want you to breathe in also is what this is costing you. The, the stress level you're carrying around all the time. When you get rid of this house, you're gonna feel like you sat down 300 pounds that was on your back and you've kind of gotten accustomed to carrying around 300 pounds. But when you set it down, you're gonna go, I can breathe again. I didn't realize you could breathe like this. My lungs haven't worked like this since I bought this house. I'm, I mean, you're physically going to feel the release when you get rid of this burden. And, but you, you've intellectually and, and willed your way through this, you're like a, a bulldog that got a hold of something and won't let go.


And, but, but once you let go, you're like, oh, I, I can let go and I'm free and I can breathe again. No, dude, this is not, there's nothing in this equation that's worth it. It's affecting your health long term. It's gonna destroy your finances. It's affecting your emotional wellbeing. And now you said it's affecting your relationships. So this thing, this house owns you and, and you're gonna be singing like, thank God I'm free at last. When you get, and you don't even know, you don't, until you set yourself free, you don't even know how much, how awesome it's gonna be. This is a horrible thing for, for you.


It's not good for John. I want John to have a home. I just don't want the home to have John. And this one owns you, my son. It owns you. Let it go. Are you gonna sing Little Elsa for us? Little frozen? You want me sing a little Elsa? I'll Go a little Let it go. Who? Who's, wait a minute. Who's Elsa? It's from Frozen. Oh, okay. The granddaughters will teach you that. Soon Enough. Soon enough. We need to cue Let it go, John. We Need cue the granddaughter to sing. Let it go. That's right. That's right. You know what's so, you know, it's so common too, for, for us, I qualify For that as Americans though, to be so wrapped up in our stuff. And I would put homes in this, oh gosh, cars in this Yeah.


Credit card debt, all of it. That for, for the sake of a, of a thing, right? In a house in of itself, it's a thing that we deteriorate so much of our peace and our mental margin and our stress and like, I mean, so much of it for a thing. And it's not worth it. Even a house. And again, home ownership is something that like we are all about and we want you to get it and have that be part of your long-term financial plan, but to the point that it's completely robbing you of a life and it's eating away at your relationships and your peace. All of it. It's just, it's just a thing. It's not worth it. It's not worth it. So it, as Dave and Elsa would say, Yeah, well, and let it go. And the minimalist.


Yeah. We can just play their tune right now. They, they would love this segment, you know, but Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So yes, we do want you to own a home. You're, you said you're new to this stuff, but it, it, it's much, much less home than you own right now. And which is hard too, John. 'cause you're in one of the most expensive real estate areas. Oh, San Francisco. Yeah. Yeah. In the Bay Area. I mean, you're in one of the highest priced real Estate markets. Tokyo Markets, New York and Silicon Valley. I mean London. These are some of the most expensive pieces of real estate in the world. And that's where you're choosing to live making $75,000 a year. Well, That's after taxes. Yeah. Well, So California, he's probably making 140 and they're taking half. So Yeah. With their taxes. Yeah, that's true.


Sorry, John, sell It. Wow. Please. No, I'm not sorry. I'm, I'm happy for you. Well, I am. It's gonna be Sad. I'm gonna set you free. No, I, what you thought was a dream is a nightmare. I'm gonna set you free from your nightmare. This is The Ramsey Show Z show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrify, You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


We've all got people we love and things we've worked hard for that we want to protect. So to keep them safe, I've recommended simply safe home security for over 10 years now because they're the best. You see, traditional security systems only start working after somebody's already broken in, which is too late. But simply, safe, active guard, outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. And SimpliSafe agents can see and speak to potential intruders to help stop trouble before it makes it to your door. SimpliSafe is 24 7 protection for your home, inside and out. And even though SimpliSafe is the best, it's affordable, monitoring starts at around a dollar a day. Your first month is free and they offer a 60 day money back guarantee. Plus there are no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. And right now you get 50% off a SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring. So head to SimpliSafe direct.com to save 50%. That's SimpliSafe direct.com. There's no safe like SimpliSafe,


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Y Refi. You got a defaulted private student loan And you can't sleep at night 'cause of things riding you down. See if you're in default on it, you're not making payments right. And you're never gonna get out. And it's a problem. And this is private. They can go after you. This is not, it's not a student loan with the feds. And so if you've got that, Y refi can get you out. They'll buy the loan and set up a set of payments that you can pay and show you how to get it paid off and get it outta debt. It's fabulous. Go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY and you can like sleep at night and get rid of this stupid loan. The letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Craig in Delaware. My wife and I are looking to buy a new home. We own our current home outright and are looking to continue that debt-free lifestyle. We've been paying ourselves a mortgage as a saving technique and have saved a lot of money over the years. Our friends have been telling us not to put so much down liquid cash down for a new home, but rather take out a mortgage and invest a big chunk of that money. Instead, we were thinking that living mortgage free will give us freedom that we enjoy and allow us to invest with the money that we make going forward. Are we making a mistake by doing this, Craig? No. You are not making a mistake. You are correct. And it's all it, this has always been an argument of paying off the mortgage or not.


Because if you do have a great, you know, rate, which if you buy a new home, you won't have a, you know, you won't have a two or 3% rate like a lot of people do right now. But they say, you know, we'll invest that. And if you make 10% in the market, you'll make, you know, an eight, 7% spread and you'll make more money in the market than having a paid off home. And that's always kind of been the, the math that we, that we get cursed by people would say, yeah, but the truth is They leave out risk. Yeah, the risk, the peace of mind. And then also if you turn around and go back and invest the mortgage payment like what he's doing, you know, and you don't have a paid off home over time, like you're, you're still gonna build wealth. So yeah, it's the, it's the piece that's not in the Excel sheets of which Key key.


Let's go to the, let's go to the proof of what really happens. Okay? Number one, if your broke friends are making fun of your financial plan, you're on track. If your fat friends are making fun of your workout plan, you're on track. Okay? Think about it. These are broke people throwing around financial advice. It's hilarious. The second thing is this, RAMSEY did, our RAMSEY research team did the largest study of millionaires ever done on the continent. We found a couple of things that are key to this. Number one, we found that 89% of America's millionaires are not millionaires because of inherited money.


Nine out of 10. Okay? Now, once we establish that, then we have to establish the question, if you're doing good critical thought, okay, what made them millionaires if it wasn't inherited money? Well, it was their habits and their decisions around things like this discussion. So then we go to those millionaires and we say, okay, how many of you became a millionaire by borrowing all you could on your house so that you could invest your cash out of 10,167 millionaires? That we asked that question, did you become a millionaire using your broke friend's plan? In other words, how many of them said they used your broke friend's plan?


And how many of 'em said they used your plan, the number that used your broke friends plan of millionaires that became millionaires on their own, that borrowed all they could on their house to invest the money because the spread is there. The number out of 10,167 that did that is precisely zero. None of them. So what does that tell us? That your broke friends have a theory that is unproven by data, the data of actual millionaires, people that actually build wealth, not have a theory, not drink too many beers and have a discussion about this, but instead they actually freaking do it.


The data, the facts are, they worked your plan and they got outta debt and stayed outta debt. And they used the increased cash flow to build with no debt payments going to the stupid bank to increase and create wealth. Your most powerful wealth building tool is your income. Don't give it to freaking mortgage companies, Lexus motor credit, Toyota Motor Credit, MasterCard, student loans, and then wonder why you're broke. That's what it comes down to. So, no, you are exactly right, Craig. Do what you're, do your plan and just nod and wink and smile at your broke, silly friends, you're probably not gonna fix them, but don't take their advice for sure under any circumstances because the data, the facts are that it's wrong.


And see, you know, you know, Rachel, when we first started doing this stuff, I started doing this before you were born. I mean, it feels like you were baby when I started on the microphone. And I've been asked that question for 30 years and based, I, I would say, well, the borrower, slave to the lender and biblically speaking, you know, and, and the stress and you know, the freedom. And, but now I'm starting to understand as I get further into this and, and, and actually have millions of millionaires that have been created by the baby steps out there in add. And, and the ones we studied were not just ones we created. They, we didn't create them, but not the one that weren't Dave Millionaires. Right. They weren't RAMSEY millionaires. The but some of 'em were baby steps millionaires, some of 'em weren't. But it, you know, my theory, my theory then was that, that, that what would happen is, is that you would have, you would've less physical stress, anxiety based disease called blood pressure and heart attacks.


Right. Goes away when your, I mean, it largely goes away. And Delony pulled this up the other day on some of the research that they've done in the mental health world, that you can track the debt, increase the percentage of our incomes going to debt and track it like a hockey stick on a graph over the years. And with it you can follow the increase in anxiety medications, the increase in suicides. Well, Technology is A big part. The increase in other stuff and, but phones, and you can find, you can find, and it, I mean all, it's just as soon as the iPhone hit, it spikes again. Yeah. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's all through the books. Yeah. But they, they, the point was there's a real correlation between debt and your physical health.


Yeah. That's the bottom line. And, and so, and no one considers that. No one talks about that. Oh, by the way, what's the number one cause of divorce in North America? Money fights and money problems. Guess who has money fights that doesn't have a mortgage? Not many. Not many. Mor money fights usually come from like, we're broke and we can't afford to buy something. When you have a mortgage, you can just go get the stupid gun. You can go get the stupid purse and you don't have to fight about it. Matter of fact, you can get one of each, you know, you don't have to fight about it. Right. And, and so it, it's, it's the, the, you know, relationally, physically Well, and I would say yes. That, and then just the autonomy of owning your life like so much of the financial space someone else has a say in your life.


I mean, and that, and that's everything from, you know, if you have a boss, but especially if your, if your actual income that is yours now has 15 other things that it has to go to. Yeah. Because of debt. Like the autonomy of just being able to make your own decisions. All the money comes in, all the money goes out. Only the names are changed to protect the innocent. Yeah. Well, And that's the stuff that Yeah. Is not an Excel sheet. Right. Like that, that level of bandwidth emotionally as well. I mean it's huge. It is. Well de yeah, Delony would call it locus of control. Bloom was on here with his new book about wealth yesterday and he called it agency. Yes. Yes. You, you lose agency. Yes. Yeah. You lose the power to make your decision. Own decisions. Make decision. Yeah. Yep. I am trapped. I keep a, oh, here's the other one. Your career.


When you don't have debt, you make more money. You know why? 'cause you might put up a crap. You don't have to live in a toxic situation to make your bills, but you look up and there's an ethics problem or you are not aligned with leadership because leadership's stupid. You can go work somewhere else and people make, you know, when you are not trapped in a job by your debt, you can make moves in your career. And people that don't have debt make more money. Oh. And guess what? People that don't have debt are more generous. And guess who, who guess who ends up with more money? Generous people. Because they're highly attractive people as a, you know, givers are more attractive than takers.


Can we agree? Yeah. If you add value to people's lives, you, you're, you just carry yourself different. The whole thing. It, it's a whole picture. It's not just, I can invest the money and make the little more on the mutual fund. Oh my God. Kermit the Frog. What is wrong with you? This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, when you're gazelle intense, you sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next. But when you've gotten rid of all, you can save money by switching your cell phone plan to boost mobile, it's just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data Forever. Boost is a major nationwide network that offers reliable 5G service. And here's my favorite part, transparent pricing. There's no hidden fees, no contracts, and there's a 30 day money back guarantee, which means no risk. Go to boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY to switch today. That's boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY.


We're gonna try something new that we've not done well anytime in the recent memory, we may never have done it before. It's possible. So you guys call, I don't know if you've done it well, it's possible. I've done a lot of things in Three years. No, we personalities have You did it. This Is your first Yes. Welcome. Oh, I've Not done it. Welcome to the welcome to the segment, Dave. Oh, okay. So this is something that's happened while I wasn't working. Yes. So you, anyway we're, it's fun though. People call and leave voicemails and so let's play one of them. My name is Jared. I have been looking into the baby steps and I know one of the things is to sell everything as quickly as you can get yourself out of debt, which I do totally understand.


I I have about 16,000 saved up and I also do have debt. And I was wondering like, why does it feel better to have that safety net of the 16 then pay off the amount of debt, even though I totally understand numbers wise that the debt is costing me more than the savings is keeping me in savings. Thank you. Appreciate your time. Yeah, That's a good question. It does feel better to have the 16,000 and have the debt. It because you, you have the illusion of security.


You have the illusion that you're, you're safe and it's an illusion because over a 20 year period of time, you're not safe because you're broke and in debt. But you've got this sense that in the, in the moment if something happened and that, because it's true, if you had a $5,000, you know, car, car engine blow up and you've only got a thousand dollars, you're not safe. But the, but what you also don't realize is that because you're carrying all this debt, you're not safe. That's Right. Yeah. But your emotions, because you're a saver, Jared tell you that as a saver, I'm safer if I have savings than, but, but if you were looking at it the other way and said, oh, the debt scares me more than the illusion of the savings.


Yeah. Then you're gonna pay it off until then you're gonna sit there in that. So yeah, I, we always teach to just pay down to a thousand dollars and start your baby steps baby step one's a thousand dollars. Anything above that that's not retirement goes at your debts in baby step two, listing them smallest to largest in attacking in that order. Yeah. And what's interesting is usually with, especially savers, so I get this Jared on this end, that again, you don't feel the risk of the debt, but if something were to happen, there's other people coming to knock on your door and that doesn't feel safe either, right? So like, if, if you're not able to pay these things, it's scarier to have your, you know, your financial piece if you will in other people's hands and in other people's situations.


And so being free from all of that by being out of debt and then building back the emergency fund actually gives you a level of deeper security. But I don't think people think about that as much that I, you know, the difference is you haven't experienced the risk. So like with me, it's a no brainer because I have been foreclosed on, I have been sued, I have had people take money out of my account that sued me and won before we went broke, before we filed bankruptcy. When in the process of two and a half years of fighting that we were foreclosed on multiple times, we were scared several times that they were gonna repo our car that night. Walk out in the driveway and you, it's anybody's guess if it's gonna be there, then, then you start to go, oh, wait a minute.


I don't feel safe. Right. Forever for the rest of my life I don't feel safe with debt. And, and so that, it's an, that's what I mean by it's an illusion. I've, I've got that benefit of that experience. 'cause whatever sense I had that debt was okay, was completely stripped away by the extreme experience we went through. Okay. Play the next one. James, We had a question about ti. Is tiding specifically supposed to be used for the church? Or if we are in a church that's currently declining, is it okay for our tithe to be donated to Christian organizations such as a pro-life organization or something of that sort?


I just wanted to kind of find out what you believe is a biblically sound answer to that question. Thank you. Yeah, good question. Well, I studied the Bible through the lens of an evangelical Christian, which means someone who believes the Bible on instructional things like this. Literally evangelicals for the last 500 years have taught and backed it up biblically that the tithe goes to the local church, a 10th of your income tithe. The word in Hebrew means 10th doesn't mean 5%. If you wanna give 5%, that's fine. The tithe is not a salvation issue.


You're not gonna, God doesn't love tithers more than non tithers. Nothing. And you know, tithers don't automatically get into heaven. That's not, that's not what this is. It's a baseline instruction from your Heavenly Father that teaches us to give to our faith community 10% of our income first. And the model is the Old Testament storehouse and the Old Testament storehouse took care of the widows and the orphans and the Levites, the Levites were the pastors. And so the preachers get paid well, not overly paid. The minister of music, the children's minister gets paid well, but not overly paid. They never get overly paid. And you know, the bills get paid and we keep the lights on in the house of worship with the first 10th of our income.


Anything other than that 10th is an offering and it can go anywhere. So it's tithes and offerings. Then I would just say that if you're uncomfortable giving your money to the church because it's in decline, I'm uncomfortable trusting the spiritual welfare of my family more. I'm more worried about that than I'm the if you're more, Well yeah, but if it's just a sweet church that there's not a lot of givers and they're like, well, we're not gonna be able to keep it open. But they're, but they're great bible teacher. Do you know what I mean? Like there is, I don't know, there's a part of me that I'm like, what if it is a great church and they're just, It's, it's not in decline. But what if the, all the people who, and we don't know where Seth lives, right?


I I do not, it could be a Aurora area. I do not know the church. But, And they, so all that to say, We've worked with 50,000 churches in America. We love churches, we love pastors. That's not the question. It Could be, but the, the question Oh, great church. Usually it's, if there's a decline, there's no givers. You say your church is too much in decline to give to, I worry that it's too much in decline to trust your spiritual health of your family too. That would bother me. That's the answer. I mean, I, if I can't trust them with my money, listen, I don't need to trust them with My family. No. So it's not a tr it's not that they're doing anything immoral. But it didn't, I I wasn't talking about immoral. But if, But you say I can't trust them with my money. I'm just saying. But if you know, you're, they're, they're not doing well Because maybe they don't have a lot of givers. I dunno, I always hate making that statement minute.


Listen, Churches, Churches makes Uncomfortable. I don't, here's the thing, churches that do well don't have a shortage of givers. Ooh. That's a strong statement. No, They don't. I don't, it's an actress that I don't know. I'm not, I'm Not i'll. Okay, we'll argue about it. That's fine. I don't Know. I don't know. You'll be, you'll be wrong. It's okay. I think you, and then I'll find the stat and bring it on next time I'm on there. That's good. This is the fatherless. Good. Good Luck with, with that. Good luck with that. Rick is in New Orleans. Hey Rick, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, how's it going? Better than I deserve. What's up? Yeah, I just had a question on how I should start preparing to possibly take over a business from my boss. He's gonna give it to you or sell it to you.


Sell it. Okay. So how, how is that gonna happen? Currently with current discussions with him, we're looking at a possible owner finance. Okay. Alright. Make it a percentage of net profit, a large percentage of net profit until he is paid out in about two or three years. Don't take a set payment for 20 years, that'll get you in trouble. That's thing one. Thing two is then if there's no profit, he doesn't get money until there's profit again. And you don't go out business and he can't sue you. That's my point. So thing two is then how long have you been working there? Five years. Okay. And how many people work there?


It's seasonal. So we have yearly, we have six people working there seasonally, we have upwards of 28. Okay. Are you the senior guy? Yes. For how long? Actually, there's me and one other person in our maintenance department. Okay. Well you need to be the senior guy immediately. The the person, the the person that would also be me is not interested. No, that wasn't what I said. They all need to be reporting to you as step one before the transition the transaction occurs.


He needs to set you in the president's seat while he's the CEO. And you walk in that and he, he shows you every detail of every part of the business that he's running for at least a year. And then the transaction occurs, not he tosses your keys and goes, I hope you can figure this out. That's not a good plan. All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union.


So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, You guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help People build wealth, do work that they love, And create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author, host of the Rachel Cruz show and co-host a Smart Money Happy Hour on the RAMSEY Networks. My daughter is my cohost. Thank you for joining us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. John is in Indianapolis. Hi John, welcome to the show. Hi Dave. Hi, Rachel. Hello. Hello. How Are you guys today? Better than you deserve. Don't say it better than you deserve.


You're Right. You got it, John. Yes. I I'm so glad it's both of you today. My father approached my wife and I about moving in with him. I'm one of eight siblings and it's a home that is now as its siblings are growing up, getting more quiet than he's used to. And I have four kids of my own and he's one of these really old guys who was born in 1960 and he said that he would love for us to inherit his house at some point and be able to fill it up with our kids. And I don't know the best way of approaching that with my siblings who are of many scattered throughout the country and wanna make sure that we do right by everybody there With the value of the home, meaning if it goes to you guys, Correct?


Yeah. Yeah. Is he, how's his health? He is in good health. Okay. He's in, he just retired last month. Okay. He was a, he was a doctor his whole career and has imparted really good financial wisdom on us throughout our lives. And so he's just Lonely is what it sounds like. And he just wants you guys around and It's your, in your town. Yes it is. Okay. That's good. Well, I mean, the obvious thing is, is it's, it's his house and if he wants to deed it to you in return for you all living there, to have him keep him company or whatever we want to call this, that's his choice.


Okay. The right way to do that is to make sure that this is all talked about with the brothers and sisters. Okay. The wrong way to do it is to hide it from somebody and then they discover later that you owned the house that they thought they owned an eighth of at his death. And that would make everybody angry, right? Yes. These, these things sprung on you later is how people get mad at the reading of the will when they discover that the house is no longer in the estate. The, Is there any merit into, if we were to sell our house and just using that equity as essentially a down payment into this house?


I'm sorry, I thought he was giving it to you. Well, that's what I'm trying to figure out how we, how would I buy it from him? Or could I buy it from him or is he giving it to me or basically eliminate the questions from the siblings. Is is trying to buy it from him that way? Oh yeah. Because if you, I mean, if you pay market value, if you don't pay market value, then, Which I can't pay, I can't pay market value for that home. So then I'm trying To make sure then the siblings are gonna have an opinion. Okay. Agreed. Yes. I mean 'cause unless they all just, I'm, and you know, if it's, if I'm the sibling, I'm gonna go, Hey, more power to you. You're taking care of dad.


Yes, that's what I was gonna say. How About it? Do you have good relationship with them where they're, because they, because they may say John, like, thank you, thank you John and wife and kids and taking care of dad. Like Yeah, I mean, if Dave called us and was like, please come live with us, and Denise, Denise Was like, I'll do it. We're like, great job Denise. Yeah. Good job. Denise will be the one. Yeah. Rachel's like, nah, not a chance. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I would take care Of you. No, we, that's, that's, no seriously the, I I think you, they made, they made basic, you have to clear it with the siblings. Yes. And everybody has to be okay with whatever the deal is. Okay. There's a couple of ways to structure the deal. One thing you could do is he just deeds you the house now and you leave him with no protection and you just own the house.


Another thing you could do is he deed you the house now and he could, you could have give him a life estate, which means as long as he lives, he's allowed to live in that house. And you can't sell it until he dies. Unless he signs off on that and releases that. Okay. That, that's the second thing. Right. The downside of him deeding it to you. Now he's only 64, so I mean, he could live 30 years. This is a long time for you to not ever sell this house or not ever move. That would be Yes. And we are okay with that. I, I'm not okay with you being trapped.


Okay. Okay. Because things change and sometimes they change tragically, sometimes they change from prosperous. Okay. Okay. Let's pretend that something happened and you at work had a breakthrough and started a business and all of a sudden you had had a, had a, a, a complete change of net worth and you wanted to build a house twice this size 'cause you had the money 30 years that could happen. That's prosperous. Okay. And okay. You know, that's why I always laugh when someone says my forever home or Your wife's family gets ill and you guys wanna be close to them and you wanna move outta state or something, you know what I mean?


Like, anything can happen in 30 years. Well, God forbid something happened to you or your wife before he dies. And then you gotta, you know, and, and then you're deciding, okay, here's a really weird one. What if you died in a car wreck and she's stuck there? Oh, if she said if I died in the car wreck, she'd sell our house and move in before, before the funeral. That's her, my father and her get along so well. I today that Way Today. Today, yeah. That's where you live together. But yeah, I, I'm sir, I'm serious. I don't want you to do something that doesn't have an exit path. If you need to get off the exit ramp, you need a place to get off. I hope you don't, you're not against, I hope it plays through the way you want it to play through, But you're not against the idea of Fine.


The idea is fine, it's fine. Give yourself a release valve. Yes, that's right. That's right. So have some things, If the pressures on, give yourself a release valve and let everyone know what the release valve is and give yourself a way out of this thing. Yep. Yep. Dad's been in the nursing home with early onset for eight years and one of your kids, all your kids moved to another city and your grandkids are all now in another city. You can't sell the house. You're stuck with it that that's not okay. Yeah. You know, there's just, life is gonna happen. That's all the people that call this show is life happening to 'em. Yeah. Yep. Over and over and over and over. So no, you, you just don't want to get there. So What would you do then? You would deed it, not deed it to John right now, I'm trying to, what's, what's confusing me?


What I don't know. I don't know how to protect dad And protect John And let, give John a release valve. That's what's bothering me. I can't figure out how to do that. So you gotta think through that though. If you can get that, if you can solve for that, you're okay. The last thing you gotta solve for is if they deed it to you now you basis in this house becomes what he paid for it versus if you receive it at his death, your basis is market value and if you sell it, you got no capital gain or you know you got no gain. If this house is worth 600,000 bucks, you're married filing jointly and his basis is close to zero and you're married, filing jointly can do a 500,000 write off, you now have capital gains on a house because it was deeded to you.


Oh, and by the way, he needs to work on the unified estate tax credit. So you got some estate tax planning to do if he's gonna deed you the house now, if he's not gonna deed you the house now, that might be a way to do it. Maybe you don't own it. Maybe you just bank your equity, keep it in your bank and you live there. And if you needed the exit, you still have The cash to go no rent because you take care of him. And then if you need to leave, you can leave. That might be even cleaner. And if he dies, it comes to you. You're deeded it out of your estates, your portion well, Or the whole thing and the the siblings are okay with that. I might be okay with that one. That might give, that might be a way for you to get out if you get, I just don't want you to get stuck. They call here all the time.


Stuck. This is The Ramsey


Show. Lemme tell you the God, It's Holy Week in Jerusalem. Crowds welcome Jesus. As King rebellion is in the air, Jesus operates outside our jurisdiction room will descend on us all. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables. My House shall be called the house of prayer. But you make it the end of thieves, The world will never be the same. Now in theaters, the chosen Last Supper, get your tickets Now,


If you own a small business and you like The Ramsey Show, then you're going to love the Entree Leadership podcast. Almost 200,000 listeners. Tune in every Monday to hear me take calls from real business leaders and give tactical advice based on my 30 years of experience leading. This is not a podcast about business theory. It's real insight from a practitioner who actually does this stuff. Find it anywhere you listen to podcasts, or if you're listening on YouTube or podcasts now, just click the link in the description From the Ramsey Network app.


Isaiah steps in it. You keep saying to invest a hundred dollars a month, beginning at age 30, and you'll be worth $5 million at 70 years old. That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard because the life expectancy of a white male is 72, and for a black male it's 68. That means most people will never leave to live to see $5 million. Help me make sense of this advice. Well, you don't really want me to make sense of this advice because you think it's ridiculous. So let's start with your belligerency to start with the, but the answer to your question is, number one, you have all of your numbers wrong. So it's hard to make a cogent argument when you have your numbers all wrong.


We have never said a hundred dollars a month from 30 to 70 is $5 million. It's not, it's 1,176,000. And that would be true of 20 to 60 or 25 to 65, any 40 year period of time you wanted to pick. And so you could align that with, okay, start when you get outta high school saving a hundred dollars a month at 18, and at 58 you would've 1 million, not 5 million. I never said that 1,176,000. Also, the average life expectancy of a white male is not 72 years old. I don't know where you're getting your data, but the National Vital Statistics System at the National Center for Health Sciences says in 2023, the average male death age is 75.8 years, 76 years, period.


Average female is 81 years old when they die. Now that includes infant mortality and teenage death, which we can all agree that most teenagers are not saving and most infants are not saving. So once you make it to age 65 my age, and you're healthy, All Right? Well, not even healthy. Once you make it to age 65, on average, you'll live another 18 years. So the average 65-year-old has a death, all males, 76 years. Okay? At 18 to that, it's gonna be 86, 92 years old.


So I'm sitting here at 64. The average is that I make it to 92 once you make it to 65. Okay? So, so all of your numbers are wrong to start with Isaiah, but at the core of your belligerency, and the, my claiming our process is ridiculous is the idea that somehow you're supposed to get rich in 10 minutes, or that somehow you're entitled to something or that I'm angry because I don't feel like it's possible for me. And you even throw the race card in there. 'cause color of skin hasn't got anything to do with your ability to build wealth. Skin pigmentation doesn't cause wealth building one way or another.


It, it doesn't. And so, you know, you just gotta, you gotta throw that in there though, to go ahead and try to create some kind of social justice argument. That's bull crap here. So the truth is that anyone who saves a hundred dollars, but by the way, almost no one saves. Like I would say really close to zero people save a hundred dollars for 40 years a month. Like, I haven't saved a hundred dollars. I've saved a lot more than that. Rachel hasn't saved a hundred dollars. She saved, she wants to save a lot more than that, right? So Just the idea of the, of the investment calculation, saying, yeah, it's an example. It's an example saying if you'll save money, you can build wealth, you'll build wealth.


That's what the example says. But you're like, oh, well no one can get there 'cause they're all gonna be dead. It's like, oh geez, son, roll up your sleeves. Live on lesson you make, get outta debt. Deny yourself a little bit of pleasure because you're acting like a 4-year-old here and stay outta happy hour and go put some money in the bank. Quit smoking so much pot. Seriously. And so, honestly, Isaiah, this is ridiculous. Isaiah, Isaiah, I mean, the be belligerence on this is victim based. Okay? It's victim based. This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. It is not the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. What's ridiculous is your argument. 'cause you don't know anything about the numbers that you presented. They were all wrong.


That's what's ridiculous. So what's ridiculous is you've used some twisted version and inaccurate numbers to justify your victim existence. That's ridiculous. So you're not a victim of anything but your bad thinking. That's your only victimization. So the truth is, is that the, you know, 89% of America's millionaires are first generation rich, go get you some, boy, it's your turn. Roll up your sleeve, quit your whining, be a victor, not a victim. And quit trying to figure out some way that if the whole thing stacked against me, the little man can't get ahead. I grew up with people my whole life saying, little man can't get ahead. You're always gonna have a car payment.


We're stuck. These numbers only work for people that aren't like us. People that are different than me, people that are my race, my color, my neighborhood, my educational background, my history, and my family. People like me can't, oh, shut up. Was EOR your spirit animal? Come on, man. That's ridiculous. I'm the little man. I started with nothing and I was a millionaire twice. I'm so stupid. I had to do it twice. I, I got a PhD in DUMB and I had to do it twice. So you, this, this just, this victimized, and it's all, it's just seeping in these words right here. It's just running off this page. And I'm not gonna talk. It will, it is not.


It's hopelessness that you're spreading. You are a hope stealer when you tell people that they can't make it. And I, that pisses me off because I spend my life giving people hope. And you can do this in America right now. It is the best place, the best economy, the best situation in human history for the little man to get ahead. If at any time you wanted to drop into any society in human history, and you wanted to start from nothing and build wealth, this is the best place ever. Any time it's better than 30 years ago, it's better than 60 years ago. It's better than the Roman Empire.


It's better than anywhere. You wanna drop your little butt and think you can't get ahead. Let him in. Can't get ahead. I promise you, freaking Karl Marx isn't gonna help the little man get ahead. He helps the big man get ahead. That's who gets him ahead. And so your broke college professor that's teaching you communist technique has gotta stop it. This is crazy, y'all. So the, if you wanna win, you can go win. We'll help you, we'll show you how, but we are not gonna participate in this most ridiculous, it means people will never see their money. They're gonna die before they get their money. Oh, you, that's just dumb. It's just ignorant. So hope I wasn't unclear.


Nope. That's why I wrote million. That's why we did that. I was not gonna do another book in, in this space. And what's, what's the stat why baby steps millionaire? What's The stat of people that come legally into America? They end up winning Four times more likely, Four times more likely if you are, because they come and they're like, you know, the generation, If you come here from another country under the law, legally not illegally, you are four times more likely to become a millionaire than than someone born in the country. You come born here who believes crap like this, like the dick stacked against the little man. You just can't, you just can't do it. They're, you're gonna die. You can die before you get your money. Oh, brother.


So no, do do the stuff, man. Do the stuff. Live on lesson you make, get out of debt. Get your butt on a budget and act like a grownup and stop your whining. And you can go do almost anything in this country. It's gonna be hard, but it's easier than being broken, mediocre. And at the end of the story, you get to win this way. The other way, at the end of the story, you just die broke. And wondering, what, I don't wanna work in McDonald's at retirement, unless it's the one I own in St. Thomas. You know, seriously, you can do this stuff. It, it is, and you don't have to be, I'm not extraordinary. I'm far from extraordinary, but I've had extraordinary results following God's ways of handling money, having hope in my life, having a sense of abundance instead of a sense of scarcity and going and apply.


If you plant corn, the most magical thing happens. Corn grows. And if you plant more corn, more corn grows. So if you plant a hundred bucks, you'll get this. If you plant a thousand bucks, you'll get 10 times as much. And, and you know, most of, you're making so much money, a hundred bucks, you waste driving past some fast food restaurant or Starbucks. You just drive past. They take a hundred bucks from you and you ain't even got your food yet. This is, man, this is so doable, y'all, it's so doable. And I I'm not going, you, you can get pissed at me. If you wanna start another Reddit page on Dave Ramsey. Have at it. I don't give a crap. Just, just stack it up there. You know what?


'cause you're wrong. The proof is in, the social proof is out 10 million millions and millions and millions of people are doing this stuff. And, and it's not. So if you're not doing it, you're just wrong. It's not even hard, it's not even harder than that. You're just wrong. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way, and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They'll also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen, y'all, there's no better way to take care of healthcare costs. CHM programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Hey guys, good news, presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business you Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Roberts in Denver. Hi Robert, how are you? I'm good. How are you, Dave and Rachel? Better than we deserve. How can we help today? Thanks for taking my call. I found you guys in 2020 and after paying off all my debt, I'm now on baby step six. I've been dating the same woman for four and a half years. She's absolutely amazing. I love her to death. The one thing we struggle with is money. And we pretty much see it kind of opposite. We're getting to a point in our relationship where, you know, we're, we're heavily discussing marriage and, and what all that looks like.


And we're, we're kind of in a spot where, you know, I try to help her as much as possible and, and as much as she wants me to, I guess to set up budgets and stuff like that. And it just never works out. You know, she, she always goes way over budget or whatever. And if we were to get married, like she, you know, she would sell her house and move in with me and, and the profits from that would pay off all of her debts. She has about 65,000 in debts. So, so it's not really like a concern from that aspect. It's more just, I guess I'm, I'm scared to move forward with someone that I've never seen can stay within a budget, you know, and, and I'm worried that it's the number one reason people get a divorce.


I'm worried about becoming a statistic because we fight about money all the time. Can She not, can I ask this Robert, is she not being able to stay into the in, is she not able to stay on budget because the budget's not realistic for what she's set up? Or is it that she truly spends more than she makes and she's just says that's that's just how it is? Yeah, she just spends more than she makes. I mean, she, she, she brings in more money than I do, honestly. What Does she spend it on? What's she doing Shopping vacations? Like what's just Like Yeah, yeah. So like in, in her EveryDollar, you know, she's got a food category that's, that's supposed to be $600. Last month she spent 1100 and then like her shopping, you know, it's supposed to be I think $400.


And that includes even like unnecessary fund purchases that, you know, everyone has to have. But instead she spent like 900, you know, she wants to, she's a mom of two, she wants to get a mommy makeover. And so like in her head she's justifying, well if I can pay off these two debts, that's payments equal what the mommy makeover payments will make that I can do it. But she's never once made like that extra debt payment to even pay those debts down. She just, she's more of like a, you know, you gotta spend the money that you make to have fun kind of thing than I am.


Hmm. I would, it's interesting to me that you started doing this stuff in 2020 and you've been dating her four and a half years. So you started, you met her about the same time I met. Yeah, I met her. So she's Watched you adopt all of these things. Correct. The more, the more you got engaged, the more you got engaged with the stuff that we teach. The, she's watched it, she's, she's had a first a Front Row Seat for the whole thing. So I was, I was debt free by the time I met her. I started January 1st as a New Year's resolution and I met her December 4th. So within that year I was out of debt.


So she never really saw me aggressively attack debt, but I still live the lifestyle. Like I still budget every month. I still, you know, so she's seen that lifestyle and where it's gotten me and she just, she just, she doesn't have like the mental mind. Like I see things in numbers and statistics. I'm a spreadsheet nerd. She's the complete opposite. But yeah, I Don't, I'm not asking her to be a nerd. I'm asking her quit being immature and just buying stuff she can't afford and I just deserve it. I just wanna get it. And so I'm just gonna get it. I mean, she doesn't tell herself no ever. The category breaches you talked about the purchase breaches you talked about.


Those are all, I just look at it and I'm gonna do it anyway. Like the, there's a sense of entitlement or immaturity or something there that's bothering me in this. I can't tell what it is exactly. So what would we do in this situation? You guys have got to resolve this before you go forward. Not necessarily she has to become the nerd that you are or she has to stay on a budget, but whatever the core issue is that she's struggling with here, immaturity entitlement. Just because you can't just, she's not acting like an adult in the sense that you can't just spend 900 bucks. Right. More than make when you say I'm gonna spend 400. Yeah. That's where I was trying to figure out with That's weird Is yeah, is she not budgeting correctly?


Because there are some people that are like, oh, I'm gonna make, well Then change the, then change the budget. That's what I'm saying. But this sounds like it's above that. It's like that she pro she could live within the numbers that she sets. Correct. Like she that or that she has to mathematically Yeah, she makes, she makes enough money to pay to do do it. Right. She just chooses not to have any boundaries for herself. Yeah. And that's what I'm hearing. So what would I do? I I, if I were in your shoes, I would say, look, we have to resolve this and get aligned on it to go forward because it's not gonna, we're we're gonna have, you're gonna, you're gonna have a long life 'cause you're gonna treat, you're gonna think I'm just picking on you all the time and I don't wanna be the bad guy in this all the time And it's a value standpoint and I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna sign up for the bad guy Role.


Yeah. And it's not, again, we've said it twice in the call, but I think this is important for couples to hear. You're not trying to form her into you. Right? No. 'cause I'm the free spirit as you're speaking. I'm like, oh my gosh, that would so be me if I wasn't doing the RAMSEY plan. I am, I'm just a spender. Emotions. I'm like, yep, we're gonna have fun. We're gonna enjoy. But having to learn a value system of boundaries, a value system of living below your means a value system, that stuff is not gonna make me happy. There's a contentment issue there as well. Like all of these things are values where I still month to month spend more than Winston, my husband because I am more of a spender than he is. But it's in the budget. So from, again, you're Not that's easy. 'cause once it doesn't spend any money, yeah, It doesn't spend a lot. But it's like the idea is, again, it's the values that we agree upon, not the personality trait necessarily, but if we can't have boundaries and limits to our money and we keep going over and over and over and over and over, that's a problem.


Then there's an issue there. You know? And even with debt, I would say debt's a value system that if you are so, if you are uncomfortable with living with debt, that it gives you stress that like the risk of it, it's not worth it. It is, it is. I want the autonomy and she's completely okay with it and it's totally fine to live by my means. And I'll live on credit cards and just try to pay, you know, the minimum imbalance every month or the minimum payment. Then again, that's a, there's a value system there that will be really excruciating to walk along life with. And and this is your partner, right? Like when you go into, when you get into a marriage, like this is the person that you're gonna, you're gonna make all these decisions with and that should be fun and it should be enjoyable. This is someone that you don't want to constantly be picking apart and adding stress Right.


To the relationship. And that's what these big issues, money is one of them. But you could throw in, in-laws, you could throw in parenting. I mean right. There's all these other issues. But with money specifically, It's, yeah. Like you would tell the kids no and she won't. You know that that's how gonna Translate that causes Yeah. That ruffles feather for Sure. That's, that's gonna translate. So here's what I would do. I would schedule a pre-marriage counseling session and I would sit down with a counselor and tell the counselor on the phone before you meet with them, with her present that it, the coun the pre-marriage counseling session will have failed. If you can't help us get aligned on these subjects. Your job as a pre in pre-marriage counseling is you have to give the, give the counselor instructions.


Okay? I am not moving forward in this marriage unless we can get aligned on these things. And so your job is to guide us through that. If you think your job is to make me okay with her being off the rails one way and me being off the rails the other way, I'm not gonna be okay with that, that you failed as a counselor. 'cause sometimes counselors will do that. You get, it's all okay. 'cause they don't think, they don't see it the way that we're, so you need to give Well, but good Counselor will dig in and understand the good one You need to, but You need to, but you know, the root of it, because so much of, of who we are in our existence, the good, the bad, the ugly comes out on how we handle money. Exactly. And so there's, there's things in there, right. And I would say for extreme savers, Family of origin Yeah. And, and extreme savers, right?


There's a level of hoarding and control issues that come from people that are, and people call this show and there's so, and you're just like, oh my god, chill. You're okay. But they're, they're so wound up on that side and that's unhealthy, right? But then being on the other far side where she is, that's unhealthy. And so, so tell me kind of getting to that place of Give the counselor some instructions. Yeah. And the instructions are you are to help us get aligned. If you can't help us get aligned, then we're either gonna call it or you failed in your counseling. You, we are not leaving your office with you saying, oh, it's okay. That's not an okay thing for the counselor to think. 'cause sometimes pre-marriage counseling is, is a bit of a rubber stamp. Yeah, sure. And you don't want, that's what I, I want you, I want 'em digging in on this.


I want you to dig onto this and y'all find out what's, what's driving these things. And that way you don't turn RAMSEY into a cuss word in your new household. This is The Ramsey Show.


Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? You can take control of your money and your relationships and it starts with just one night. Join me and Dr. John Maloney live in a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. We're covering the real life stuff that matters. So you can break the cycles that have left you stuck. It's coming up fast. So get your tickets for Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour today.


If you're a business owner, you know, running a small business as hard, if you've ever become self-employed like I have, you figure out pretty quickly that your boss is tough. Your boss is a slave driver. And yeah, self-employed is tough. It's hard. Running your own deal is hard. We've got a new book called Build A Business You Love, where we unpack the entree leadership system. It doesn't make running a business easy, but it makes it easier because it's a clear path to walk through the five stages of business. It's like the baby steps for small business, not money, but how to grow your business, how to deal with team members differently as you go through the five stages. How to deal with profit differently as you go through the five stages and so on. If you pre-order right now for 29 99, you can get over $350 in bonus items. Instant access to the entree Leadership Hiring Playbook, the ebook, and the enhanced audiobook pre-order today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're on YouTuber podcast, click the link in the description.


Seth is in Virginia Beach. Hi Seth, how are you? Hey Dave and Rachel, how are y'all? Better than we deserve. What's up? Alright, sir, I'm 27 years old and I'm married with three kids and me and my wife have been on baby steps four, five and six for the past few years. And I'm currently in the military and we live in military housing, so we're renting, but we're trying to figure out the best way to kinda save for a down payment on a house. So since we move every three years, we're not trying to jump on buying a house right away, but if the opportunity presents itself then we would like to maybe be in a place where we could do so. So over the past few years we've saved about $25,000. Good for you. For on payment while, yeah.


So also while saving for retirement and kids college, but wife, Which, which branch are you in the Navy time Off? I'm in the Marine Corps. Marine Corps. Thank you for your service. All Right. Very cool. Yeah, thank you. And your question was what now? So, So we're trying to figure out the best coach to saving up for a down payment on a house. My wife's taking some time off work to stay home with the kids as with the both of our kids kids. But she's a nurse and she's gonna be starting a job here in the fall as a school nurse. And we were thinking like potentially going back to baby step three B and just pausing retirement in kids college to just back up cash for a year. We just didn't know if that would be maybe be the right move with, you know, still trying to invest steadily for retirement.


That's fine. The first thing that popped into my head was I'm under the impression a school nurse does not make near what a nurse makes. Correct. So she used to work like in a hospital on the floor. So why would you take a job that pays less when you're trying to hit a financial goal? So because of, with our three kids, the schedule is a lot easier. Kids, kids, they're at school kids instead of working a 12 hour shift. Yes. And, and so like I said, we're not trying to jump on like buying a house. How old are your children? You know, There are five two and then about to be one.


The school nurse doesn't have anything to do with a two or a 1-year-old. Correct. They would have to be in daycare, but our oldest is in kindergarten. Okay. So the schedule thing's bo bogus. It's not true. Well, she'd have summers off. I mean, It's not, well, I mean, you can take summers off whenever you want. I mean, you can go work three twelves and be done for the week and make three times more than she's gonna make while the other two kids sit in daycare so that it's not logical. Anyway, I I think that's a bad choice. Anyway, back to your question, you're not in a hurry so you can do whatever you wanna do.


Correct. And you've done a great job so far with your money, but I, I, you know, I'm a huge fan of nurses because it gives you the potential to earn a lot of money and work a very, very flexible schedule and do a lot of different kinds of things. And the, and you, I think you're not getting good use of that opportunity with what we're talking about. But okay, back to it. Now the da I, I wouldn't pause baby for I would Keep, keep investing In this case. You can pause the kids' college though. If you guys were putting in a certain amount of money every single year, you know, A 1-year-old, 2-year-old. Yeah, yeah. If you wanna pause that to save up some extra money Well, or just drop it down, drop it down to 50 bucks or something.


I wouldn't stop it, but I'd drop it way down. Okay. And use that. I, I really wouldn't because you're not on a, a tight schedule to buy, you don't have an urgency to buy. And so I don't wanna build up a down payment over here in a high yield savings account while I'm missing out on good mutual fund returns over in my retirement accounts. Now I, I'm gonna leave that at 15. Now if you wanna turn up the urgency and you say, okay, in 24 months we're gonna buy a house. If you wanna shut it down for that, that's okay. But just in general, just, I'm gonna just wanna build a slush fund so someday I can buy a house. No, I would not do that. And then I want to add one more thing before I let you go. It, like you said, you guys move every three years and, and it's gonna be very unusual market that you can buy a house and sell it quickly and make money on it in three years.


Okay? So here, here's how, I mean, I'll teach you how to do it. I talk to the military guys all and gals all the time. I love what you guys do and thank you for protecting our country. The, the, the thing you do when you get ready at your next stop and you think, okay, we got the money, let's buy a house. What you wanna do is you wanna look at two different statistics with the local real estate agent. Just go get one of your RAMSEY trusted real estate pros off the website at the ELP site, okay. On, on our website. And ask them two things. Number one, in the area I'm looking in within a five mile radius of the houses I'm looking in, in that area, what is the average DOM days on the market?


And if it's average of 27 days, well you have got a hot market and you'll be able to sell the house. If it's an average of 270 days, that's nine months. You're gonna be stuck with this thing when you move next time and it's gonna end up a rental property in another city. Bad idea. Okay? So days on the market, the second thing you wanna look for is average appreciation rates in that five mile mile radius for the last five years, four years, what have the houses gone up in this area? If they've gone up 2% a year in three years, that's 6%. You're gonna lose money when you sell this house with commissions and co closing costs. Right? Okay. And, and but if they go up 10% a year, that's going up 30%, you're gonna make money.


I will tell you that you'll find these two numbers are, will only appear together and give you the right answer. In other words, if you see high appreciation rates, you're probably gonna see short days on the market. And if you see long days on the market, you're probably gonna see low appreciation rates. So a low appreciate, and so what happens is, if the town is a military only town and the military is the economy, you've got a bazillion houses on the market all the time. 'cause the people are moving in and out all the time. There's always a glut in the market. You don't see a lot of appreciation. It's very hard to sell. You're gonna get burned. But if you're in a metro area like you are right now, Virginia Beach is a vibrant economy, separate and apart from the military, heavily influenced by the military, but separate and apart from the military, it's got its own economy.


So you could, that could be one of the markets right there that you could make money on San Diego would be a market you could make money on and get in and out if you're military. But if you're in the middle of whatever cornfield and it's all military, you're you're, you're gonna get, you're gonna get stuck with the house, dude. So be careful with that. That we So we talking about renting a lot for family. Yeah. Just rent. Just rent. Yeah. If you're in a mar, if you're going into the cornfield market or where, if it's not a vibrant market for whatever reason and, and you're gonna get stuck, you're, you're much better off financially to rent for that three year period of time and your stress level's way down. Because if you're buying and you gotta move in, fix up and you're selling, you gotta move out, fix up.


And it's, it's a, you know, it's a lot more stress to do to be an owner than it is to be a renter on the short term basis. Sure. So that, that's what we're looking for. So, good question, man. Thank you. And again, thank you for serving your country. Last thing I'll throw out, 'cause I got just a second, is don't use the VA loan. The VA loan suck. The Veterans Administration was formed to be a blessing to veterans and to active duty. And they may be in some areas, but in the real estate world, they're not, VA loan is more expensive than an FHA loan. The interest rates are higher and the fees are higher. But veterans do it and active duty people do it. 'cause I can get nothing down. It's one of my benefits. Well, nothing down is not actually a benefit.


It's causing you to buy something you can't afford. And so don't do the va, don't do it, do it. You know, do a, do a traditional, conventional Fannie Mae mortgage. Don't do an FHA either. It's the cheapest. Fannie Mae is the cheapest of standard. Conventional mortgage is much cheaper than either one of the, the two government programs. Well, there's a shock. And so, you know, don't, don't fall for that either, for those of you that are out there in military. So we've done a bazillion hours of work with the military folks and love 'em and try to help 'em any way we can. So thank you guys.