
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, Ramsey Personality, PhD in counseling does The Dr John Delony Show, where he talks to you about your relationships, your life. And he's here to help me today. He's the co-host, number one bestselling author, and we're glad he's with us. He And I. Always have a good time. See, he he'll get you one way. I'll get you the other. So you ain't got a chance to getting away today. That's the way it is. Phone number's triple eight eight two five five two two five.


Hannah is with us. Hannah is in Denver, Colorado. Hi d Hi Hannah. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Sorry, I'm super nervous right now. It's okay. We haven't lost a patient in years. How can we help? Well, here's our situation. My husband, And I, we owe the IRS and the state over $600,000 in debt. We talked. Good Lord. How did that happen? Yes. You know, it's quite, it's overwhelming to even think about how it happened. Just not paying our taxes. And my husband is self-employed. So years For how many years?


Quarter. Just quite a few. I'm actually not even sure on the date, how far back it goes. So You finally started filing and then you end up with try, try to stay outta jail. 'cause not filing. Not filing is criminal. And so you go and file and now they give you the total and it's like Oh, my gosh. Yep. Wow. And You had, obviously you don't have 600,000 or you wouldn't have called me. No, That's right. And we are current on our taxes right now. Good. We were working with a tax resolution company. Yeah. Who eventually just told us after, you know, you have to pay them After you gave them 10 grand.


They did nothing. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're helpful. They told Us. Yeah, they're helpful as a, anyway, negative. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, I'm sorry. so what did y'all, what, what is your house worth? We ha about $400,000 in equity. What? In equity and, Yes. And there's a lien against it. So From the IRS or somebody else? Yes, From the IS. Okay, good. And what is your household income? 244,000 after taxes. That's good news. Okay. So The tax resolution company that we were working with, after everything was said and done, they basically said filing chapter 13 would be in your best interest.


Yeah. They, So my question for you is they, they're not, they're not credible because they shouldn't have taken your $10,000 because you are not a candidate for an OIS an offer in compromise. IOIC. And they took your money thinking, telling you And I can tell you in 30 seconds. You're not eligible for that. Yep. And offer and compromise is only available to people who don't have any ability to pay. You have tremendous ability to pay between your equity and your income. So the IRS will look at that in about 13 seconds and say denied. So those people just stole $10,000 of your money. So they're not credible. A chapter 13 will put you on a payment plan. You probably can get a good tax attorney and just get on a payment plan. Okay? You need to get somebody that's a pro, an attorney that works on taxes, that's legitimate.


That's not just selling OICs. 1% of the people that apply for an OIC by the way, folks, these things, you see 'em on you, you see these commercials on television. If you've got a tax problem, call one 800 tax Rs. We have professional IRSH, former IRS agents to help you. That's the ad she answered. Okay. And it's an OIC an offering compromise. In order to qualify for that, you have to basically be completely zero net worth and almost no income ability. So 1% of them go through folks so that those things are scams. Now that's not to pick on you, Hannah. You just got taken advantage of. I'm sorry. And you're scared to death. Yes. So, but a good attorney that has a tax practice, I have an attorney on, on retainer that represents us on tax issues.


And I have a CPA firm that represents us on tax issues. Not because of this kind of issue, but because right now the bozos owe me a bunch of money that they haven't paid me back on a refi We did. So I'm having a fight with them. And, I have to have some professional counsel to do that. That's what you need is somebody that's several hundred dollars an hour to retain and they will tell you and they will call and represent you and work with the IRS and get a system in place. A chapter 13 is a series of 60 payments over five years, obviously one a month. And it does not reduce the tax bill. And it does not reduce the interest with the IRS. You're gonna pay the whole stinking thing anyway.


So if you can negotiate that without bankrupting, which you can, you would be better off And I. Think you can do it faster than that. Okay. Here's a sensitive question. You ready for a hard one? Yep. Have you all talked about the fact that not paying your taxes has cost you your home yet? Oh yeah. Okay. Yep. So if I'm you, I want the IRS outta my life worse than almost anything. If I'm you Yep. And I, sell that house and put 400 K on it. Now you make 200 K. That's, think now you make 200 K and you owe 200 K and you can plow through that in a couple years.


Okay. That's our Plan. Plan your life. You have your life back in two years. Okay. That's gonna, but we Don't have to file for bankruptcy. You're Not bankrupt. You're not bankrupt because they've already done about all they're gonna do. They slap a lien on the house. They may come after some bank accounts or something too, because this is such a large amount. But they won't, if you're in active negotiations with them for a payment plan through an attorney, they're, they're, they, they, they have a sense of decorum about them. They can, but I've never seen them do it in 35 years of doing what I do. Go after somebody that's in the middle of a negotiation with a good tax attorney. Okay. Now, do you know how to find one? 'cause I'm not positive.


I know how to tell you other than if you doing business at that size, you probably have some people in the legal community you're already working with call them and say, who's the best tax attorney in town? That's very smart and a little mean. Okay. That's what you need. Okay. That's what we're gonna Yeah. They'll they'll put you. So, so if you start making $8,000 a month payments and you throw 400 K at this, you'll be done in two years. You understand? Yes. And you'll get your life back. That's what, how long have you been living in this terror? Ooh, it's, it's been a while. It's a while. It's this about five, four or five years. Yeah. It needs to be over done.


And Yes, It's emotionally, it's emotionally not sustainable. It's trauma, isn't it? No. It's, it's very draining. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I owed them a whole 38,000 when I went bankrupt in my twenties. And it felt the same way you feel 'cause they have so much power. All the other creditors, I could put a noose around them and deal with them with the bankruptcy I went through. But student loans, And, I RS and child support and alimony are not bankruptable. They, you can put 'em in a 13, but a chapter seven to wipe 'em clean is what you've gotta do there. And you're not gonna do that either. It doesn't work. So, yeah. Yeah. You can get through this. But this lack of business excellence, lack of diligence on, I'll blame your husband on both of you for not getting your taxes filed.


It costs you your house. And you can look back and go, man, I learned a tough lesson. You'll get you another house someday. You make several hundred thousand a year. And John, I did the whole segment and you didn't say a peep. Hey, there's sometimes I just need to be quiet and listen and learn. Man. That's, that's heartbreaking. Wow. But hey, she's got a path. She has a path. She has a path. It's call Hope that's right and do it. Yeah, yeah. Can do it. 'cause you've been living in the crap so long. You're gonna go crazy if you don't. That's right. You gotta get clear of it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foreside Fund Services LSE.


Well, you've almost missed it. It's almost sold out. We're going on the live like no one else Cruise in March. And if you don't get signed up pretty quick, you're not going. It's all the Ramsey personalities. Plus Steven Curtis Chapman, Emmy Award-winning, recently inducted into the grand old Opry 67 Dove Awards. He'll be with us hanging out. Manique, Johann from the food channel will be with us hanging out. Deanna Carter will be with us as well. Country music star. Remember the song Strawberry Wine? Yeah. She'll be with us. Bunch of other exec, a bunch of other celebrities, but the Ramsey people and those folks will be doing all the shows and all the talks and all the things on the boat. So including our pastors coming and doing the devotional running Reverend. So we will have us a a a devotional on there as well. Got a reverend sitting in the audience out here. I was referring to him, but the so come on, we'd love to have you. We're gonna be at Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas. This is the ultimate big time cruise. This is not the cheap stuff. This is more of the expensive stuff. And you should not come on this cruise unless you're a baby. Step four and beyond. If you're still getting out of debt and building your emergency fund, you're not supposed to be going on vacation. That includes with us. We're not hypocrites. There'll be plenty of time for you to do something else, or the next one with us. So the cabins are almost gone. You can secure a cabin with a $600 deposit at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. You can do the payment later. No, that's not debt. It's reserving the cabin standard stuff in the cruise world. And so get over there and get it done. This is gonna be a lot of fun. We're gonna be on there all week. All of us all week. My wife Sharon And I, we're gonna be hanging out with you guys, so we're looking forward to it. It's gonna be a lot of fun. I'll be trapped on the boat with you. I mean, we you we'll be together the whole week. I'm kidding. Hey, this is my first cruise ever. You've never even, this is me and my wife's first Cruise. This it. Oh wow. You have, Wow. This is it man. We're, we're, we're taking our first cruise together with the whole And, and the whole boat. The whole ship is gonna be full of Ramsey People. I'm telling you man. Wow. You're gonna go, go with a cult. Go. That's the plan. I'm going with that. And the cult leader


Mason is in Houston, Texas. Hey Mason, what's up? Hey guys, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? All right, so I'm recently engaged and I'm in baby step four, five, and six. Congratulations. When you getting married Next year we're gonna plan it so it's not stressed. Cool. So my question is, once we're married, hold on. We combine our finances. Hold on. It's still gonna be stressful, brother. It'll, I'm Sure we're gonna plan it. So you have the theory. You won't be stressed, you go That's right. Good. Alright, I'll, I'll interrupting you. Go ahead. Alright, so my question is, once we're married and we combine our finances, how do we surprise each other with gifts? If we're both reviewing the bank statements, You're both reviewing the bank statements, you're both reviewing the budget and the budget categories.


And we promise to stick to those. So we have to have a category called surprise surprise and or Sharon And. I have just a, a miscellaneous, his and her category just pocket money, so to speak. Okay. And you Call, you take it out. Used to blow money. And somebody said on the internet that it was for cocaine. That wasn't what I meant. So it's blow money. It's his and her pocket money. Right. And so, but you know, and two I, I'll just, it depends on the person and so forth, but I've been married 42 years. And, I have discovered Sharon doesn't really like surprises. So we go pick out what she wants me to buy her.


I love it. And that works a lot better. Anyway, So, I, I have one time came home with a car for her Christmas present and hid it in the garage and it did not have the desired effect. So I paid cash for it and, but it still, she would've picked a slightly different car and kind of took the, kind of, took the buzz off of me giving my wife a car. But oh, well You may And I. Wish there'd been a YouTube recording of that. Ooh, Yeah, it was, it was. She was sweet, but it was a little passive aggressive. But David, Why'd you get blue? They did. If I, if I had been, you know, but not, anyway, that may not be the case, Mason, with your lady. She may love surprises, but also the older you get, the more you think alike, the more you're gonna be able to figure that out.


So you can have for smaller things like flowers or whatever, you know, you can do that. The only problem is if she's seeing the debit card stuff pop up, she may see that pop up. Yeah, yeah. That's what I was trying to avoid. And you just move it. You can move, you can move it to a cash transaction then meaning you just, you cash out your pocket money and keep it in your pocket. I generally got a thousand dollars in my pocket. Okay. Yeah, I understand. Alright then we're on the same page. I'm, I'm happy I cleared that up. Yeah, very cool. Good for you. And hang on, we're gonna give you a copy of the Total Money Makeover as a pre-marriage planning gift and help you guys start to work on the whole system together. John, how do you all do surprises?


I, yeah, I I I don't think there's a greater surprise than buying something out of my blow money outta my cocaine fund, as they say on the internet. But yeah, I like And I mean if you're gonna get something expensive, you usually can't get that. Yeah. I mean I, we, we've been married for way too long, so Yeah. I'm not gonna surprise somebody with a car or anything. Back in the day, I remember buying a car on payments, like back in the day I did that too. A different One. And I thought I was So I bought her a car. I wanted that time. That was like a, like a kid buying his mother a Tonka truck for Christmas. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. And also we don't, we have set days that we go through stuff and so we're not checking that sucker 24 7 So I can buy flowers and she's not gonna, you know what That far Check it every five minutes.


Yeah, yeah, That's true. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. She's not super detailed on it. Not, I mean, when we sit down on, on Sunday nights and go through it or Yeah. Or Saturday mornings. Yeah. I say, or some, you know, by then the flowers have already been delivered. There you go. That's good. Patricia is in Chicago. Hi Patricia, how are you? I'm fine Dave. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I've listened to your program for years. I'm in this situation mostly because my fa my parents have both passed And I inherited some money with within the last couple years. So I'm in a situation now where I'm trying to decide if I should pay off the house. I'm 70 years old.


I have approximately 160,000 in an Edward Jones account. And I have in checking slash savings in my bank right now just because I haven't decided what I'm gonna do. Approximately 115,000. I have a monthly income of about 5,900, which is a combination of social security and the pension check. My monthly expenses are about 4,200. I Do You have any other Nest owe? Do you have any other Nest those, those two numbers you gave me? Do you have any other nest egg? I have some, probably some money in some silver, But it's not okay.


But nothing big. Nothing big. Okay. No, nothing big. What's The balance on your mortgage? 1 41. Okay. Alright. And the reason is, well you don't need to know the reason, the reason we had a, I had a business with an ex-husband and when we separated I had to take over part of a, a laundromat business, which, Okay. And do you own that? Do you own that still? No, I got all that's gone. Okay. So all the rental and all the laundromat's Gone, everything's gone. But the pain, everything's gone. But the pain, okay. Yeah, it was paying too. I would Well the 141,000. Yeah. Okay, well, well here, here's what's running through my head. Okay. Okay.


I love to have you go into your final few decades with no debt because of the peace it gives you, because of the stability it gives your financial situation and a and you're, you know, you're in a situation where your rent's not gonna go up. But even then you'd have zero and you, that would put up, if you had no payment, that would free up a lot of money in your monthly situation. Agreed. It would free up about 6 88. I I just looked it up. I, I found out how much principal, how much is interest and how much Debt, how much taxes and insurance. Okay. So you could probably invest a thousand dollars a month going forward if you didn't have a house payment.


Yes. That's my thought too. Okay. So in eight years you would have 141,000 in an account if you did that. Wow. Okay. You're good at your math. Dave Done it before. So Yeah. So you get with a financial advisor, a smart investor pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com. If you'll commit to doing that, I would pay it off. It's scares me in your situation 'cause it doesn't leave you with a lot of money. But you got a good monthly situation. You got a good head on your shoulders, you know where everything's going. And I'm real comfortable with you in this because I don't think you're gonna overspend and need the other 150,000 bucks that's left after you pay this off.


So I would pay it off. If you commit to a thousand dollars a month paying to yourself, pay yourself. This is The, Ramsey Show. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah.


And What's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I The middle? How be next Week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And It doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xandr.com


Dr. John Maloney, PhD in counseling, Ramsey Personality number one bestselling author. My cohost today, if you didn't know, you can drop by and watch us do the show Monday through Friday from one to four central time. It's on the glass and it's free. And so is the free coffee and so is the homemade cookies. So when you come into our lobby, it smells like Mama's Kitchen instead of corporate America. And we'd love to have you do that. Also on the glass here is where we put the debt free stage where people do a debt-free scream and John and Megan are on it and that can mean only one thing. Hey guys, how are you? Great. how are you doing Great.


Good, good. Welcome. Where do y'all live? West Palm Beach, Florida. Very nice. Well welcome to Nashville. How much debt have you paid off? $97,868 and 64 cents. Love It. How long did that take? 10 months, 10 months and seven days. 10 months. Wow. What'd you, you sell? I have a great wife. I Saved, I Saved for a long time and then we really got serious on our first wedding anniversary and So I Swiped. Oh, so you had some, a big old pile of money to throw at? I had some money saved, yeah. How much did you have in savings? Maybe about 30, 30 K. Okay. That gave it a jumpstart. Yeah. Good jumpstart. And what's your household income during this 10 months?


I started at like 107,000 and got up to one 15. So Good. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a pediatric occupational therapist. Okay. And I'm a bookkeeper. Alright, Very good. Very good. Thus he knows everything to the penny. Yes, he does notice that quickly. Yes. Okay. Very good. So you've been married a year Almost two. And what was the thing that happened at the one year mark and you went, okay, we're gonna have to address this. We, we kind of followed Ramsey separately and we were Ramsey ish kind of doing this stuff. And then on our one year anniversary we were like, okay, we're just ready this, knock it all out. And it was this get rid of our student loans.


Yeah. The student loans coming back was was that year. Oh yeah. Res was gonna come back. So we were like, this has to get gone. Got a little scared. I wish they were gone, but they're not So. I gotta have to do something. Yep. So how much of the 98,000 was student loans? All of all of it. Oh. It was all student loans. Okay. Oh yeah. These things aren't going away unless we make them go away. It was a realization. Yeah. A Hundred percent. Okay. Hey Good, for you guys for riding that federal promise, as long as you did, man, you got right up to the edge of the cliff and it's like, oh, we're going o we're going over the edge. Yep. Good for you guys. Alright, so just mechanically, did you just have 30,000 bucks squirreled away somewhere that he didn't know about?


No, he knew about it. I was, It would've been way cooler if you're like, all right, I got a secret To tell you. No, I, my dad force fed us the Ramsey podcast on every family trip and road trip Way you go, dad. So, I was just, I'm a natural saver, so that helped. So you're a financial peace baby For sure. She, She kind is. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Even though you didn't do it, you, you grew up with it. Yeah. That's The point hundred. And John, how, how did you, how did you find this, this crazy crew? My sister did FPU in college at Palm Beach Atlantic down there. And she told me about it. And I. Remember just being, that's weird. Isn't, isn't life just debt until you're Dead, you die debt until debt.


But then she kind of talked about that a little bit and then I made the mistake of going out and buying a car in the heat of a relationship issue with my ex-girlfriend at the time. And, you know, I, after buying that car, I, I was so like, I dunno, caught up in what's gonna happen in the future. And So I actually emailed your show years ago or, you know, Ramsey years ago, just completely down about my future. And, you know, they encouraged me. They, they, they messaged me back and then within I kind of seven tier, seven year loan within two years I paid that car off. Wow. And So, so we didn't yell at him? Nope. And you don't still have that car, do you? No, I, I still have it.


I still have it. He paid paid it. I paid it off. I know, but Megan wants that car gone. Yeah. We All, Megan wants that car gone. Yeah, she's, she's Dr. Still driving her 2007 Toyota Camry. So. Okay. You know, We're, we're, well now that we're out of debt, now we have a new goal. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, good. Good for y'all. Yeah. so what did that one year of intensity or 10 months and seven days of intensity look like? It was a lot of intentionality, a lot of looking at the budget, keeping up on track with it and not being afraid to say no. Like, no, we can't do that vacation. We're not gonna go out to eat. We wanna go line dancing, but the cover's 20 bucks so we're gonna get there two hours early so we can avoid the cover charge.


But we'll still hang out. A lot of her telling me no to eating that that was the big thing. Yeah. Eating out. No, eating out. Eating out. We took, took that home. I mean y'all threw approximately five, 6,000 bucks a month at this. Yeah. And you weren't making a lot more than that. No. So you were on beans and rice. Yeah. And, and 'cause I mean that's even after throwing the 30 at it, you still had 60 to go and you did it in 10 months. That's A so what a great photo of them just sitting there eating beans in their eyes. That's Our One Year wedding anniversary. What a, what an anniversary, right? Yeah. Yeah. What was it like rolling into your new occupational therapy job in an oh seven Camry? When your buddies know what you make or you're a bookkeeper, they, they're like, man, isn't that your old ex-girlfriend's car?


Like, why are you still driving that car? Like, like what's it like? Just the, the, the, the human component because people look at you when you, where you work. Like, man, what are you doing? I think it was just like not being afraid to say like, you know, this is our situation, this is our reality and you know, we're just really intentional with our money. And it's been encouraging and kind of sharing bits and pieces like with coworkers and with friends who are like, wait, why? What are you doing? Why are you doing that? And kind of opening up the door to, you know, your dead. They They do give the German Shepherd look like cock the head sideways. How old are you guys?


28, Almost 29 in two days. Alright. And then I'm 31. 31. Okay. And y don't know anybody anything in the whole wide world? Nope. Nope. How's that feel? Great. Feels great That, that first month where the bank account went up and then it stayed up. Was was Crazy. It Was wild. It's the weirdest thing that math. Yeah. I love it. Way to go. Y'all So. I'm sure mom and dad were cheering you on. Yes. Who else was cheerleaders? So my parents, his parents and our church small group put up with our same prayer request for 10 months. So Yep. Restaurant dad coupons. Lord, we want restaurant coupons. Yes. Way to go y'all. Yes. Very good. I'm proud of you. Thanks.


Thank you. You gotta feel like, like accomplished, right? Yes. Yeah. And we're excited. We're gonna coordinate our first financial peace class at our church next starting next month, so. Oh, thanks. It's kind of a fun little ending. So which car are we gonna replace first with savings? Oh, Well that's, that's also the issue. We got a rental car up here and she started driving and she's like, Ooh, this is nice. Maybe I Shoulda wanna upgrade By 2007. So Probably hers. Probably mine. The technology has changed in the last century. Yeah. Yep, yep. You don't have to hook a horse to this one. Hey, Y'all don't know this yet, but life is gonna come at y'all. Yeah. And hard things will happen.


You'll get tough phone calls you'll like, like life's hard. And y'all have built a foundation in year one of your marriage that you don't even realize how thick that concrete is on that foundation. Really good. And when it comes, y'all are gonna know we can do anything. Yeah. You paid off a hundred grand in 10 months. 'cause that's who we are. And we can come like, we'll join forces and, and it's us against the world and that's so awesome. I'm proud of you guys. Thank you. Yeah, well done. Spreadsheets help. Like that, that was, that was a big thing for me being a bookkeeper. I looked at a spreadsheet, we had a chart, our wall of visual representation I saw every single day. So I mean, just knocking that out. That made us realize, Oh, man, are we ever gonna do this to, oh, it's gonna take like 14 months. Actually it might be like 10 actually.


You know, you know, so it it whittles it down once you're focused and you, you see it and you're Intentional. Well, when you get a sense of traction and it it, it motivates you to cut deeper. Yeah. Because I want that traction more than I want that thing. Yep. Or that experience or whatever it was I was getting ready to spend money on. Yep. The traction means more to me than that. And when you do a good visual representation like that and you do a, you're tracking it and you're right and you're both on the same page, it's like, you know, you know, I saw a bumper sticker said, nothing tastes as good as it feels to be thin. Hmm. You know, that kind of thing. I, I beg to differ, but anyway. But yeah. Way to go you guys. Thank you. Congratulations. Thank We're very proud of you, John and Megan West Palm Beach, Florida.


98,000 paid off in 10 months in seven days, making 1 0 7 to one 15 and throwing 30 savings at it. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 3, 2, 1. We debt free. That's how it's done, baby. Well done. This is The, Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle. The number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in over your head with private student loans and you're tired of getting calls from collection agencies, you need Why Refi. They refinance defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch, give you a low fixed rate loan that's built customized to you. So go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ramsey might not be in all states. Alright, today's question comes from Carly in Nevada. Carly writes, I'm 30 years old and my goal for this year was to save money for my first house after finding everything you teach recently.


I understand now that I can't buy a house with so much debt. I'm on baby step two and I've already paid off my three credit cards. During this process, I find myself feeling guilty and stupid for all the stupid mistakes I've made and how I put myself in this position. My dream was to have my own house by 30. And here I am stuck with a bunch of stupid credit card debt and really nothing to show for it other than an overpriced card that I shouldn't have bought in the first place. I'm very disappointed at myself. And to be honest, this guilt is eating me alive. How do I get past this? Ooh, good question. Dave. I think we have a culture that tries to duct tape and wallpaper and Xanax and Netflix away guilt, And, I think guilt can sometimes be a good thing.


I think it can let us know, Hey, we made a mistake. The challenge is when guilt becomes that shame. And the way I would teach this is guilt is you picking up a brick or somebody handing it to you and saying, you shouldn't have done what you did. And that's right, I did something dumb. Shame is when you take that brick and you put it in a backpack and you decide to carry it everywhere and you say, I am dumb. And so Carly, I think it's okay to say, man, I had this, I had this goal. And I didn't even know how bad off things were. And now what's a, what's a house get you. It gets you peace. It gets you a place to, to always live a place that you can close the door and say, this is mine.


It gives you safety and security. Well now you're working towards that goal and so you don't have the house at 30, but you are on the path towards safety and security and So, I want you to hold that guilt, hold that brick, and then set it down and go do the next right thing. And the next right thing is to pay off this credit card debt and let these memories remind you anytime it comes up, like, I wanna buy this car or let's go on this vacation, And, I can't afford. You're gonna remember this feeling and then we're gonna go do the next right thing and you're gonna be a homeowner in the next few years. And so just keep on this path. But I think guilt can be a good thing sometimes. And then we have to decide what's the next Right. Move. Dave, what do you think? I think that's exactly right. All all the inordinately, oh, okay.


Successful people that I know that are, have a fabulous marriage, a fabulous ministry, a fabulous business. They're, they're someone you would look up to and you'd say that person's successful. All of them are colossal failures. They have failed their way into it. I mean, the number of missed shots that Michael Jordan has taken is much greater than the number of hit shots. Babe Ruth only hit in the three hundreds, which means that seven out of 10 times at bat, He got out. He was, he didn't get on. You know, I mean, so 70% failure rate, you know, and yet was the king of swat. Right. So the, I mean those are kind of metaphors or motivational speeches, but it is, you know, so failure is guilt.


To me, failure is, I did something dumb. It hurt, it left a mark, I don't wanna do it again. Okay. Shame is I am a failure And that's all I'll ever be. So I'm just gonna sit here. I, I'm just, I am a failure. I'm a disaster. I'm a horrible person and you know, I'll never be anything else. And people in my family, people from the neighborhood that I come from, people, the race that I am, the sex that I am, they can never get ahead. And you embody this failure and you name it, you Right. And that, that's what you don't do. So I am a person who filed bankruptcy and lost everything.


And I had a million dollar net worth prior to that, starting from nothing. Bootstrap it, lost it all. By the time I was 28 years old, I had a brand new baby named Rachel. Was born in April. I filed bankruptcy in September. I was definitely a failure as a father to provide a household for my children and my wife to live in. I was a failure as a businessman. No question about it. I failed those things. The end of the story is I didn't continue to fail them, the children or the wealth building or anything else I learned from it. And I said, okay, God, I was stupid. And stupid hurts.


It leaves a mark, you know? But I've never met anybody that was successful that didn't have those marks. No one is just like dropped into a little bottle and come out of your little test tube unscathed with no scars. And we call you a success. There is no such thing. Right. In fact, there's, there's a lot of folks that, that I work with that say, I don't trust people without scars. Yeah. Larry Crab used to say, I don't trust a man doesn't walk with a limp. You, you've never gotten a ring. And Dave, I want to call out something else that Carly experienced. 'cause this is relatively common. Sometimes people don't find the the Ramsey plan until they're 30 and they've been going along just doing what everybody told them to do.


Yeah. And it can be unmooring because the person you lose trust in the most, you lose trust in the system. You lose trust in yourself and it makes you doubt every next right. Decision. How, How do I know what the truth is? That's right. 'cause I just built a credit score like you told me, I took student loans out. Like you told me And I bought a car on a loan. 'cause you told me I can't trust anything or anybody anymore. But you know what? You, you know, when you're in that situation and you've lost that confidence, what you haven't lost confidence in is your spirit. Yeah. Your spirit, God's spirit in you. The Holy Spirit will say, when you bump into the truth, you feel It. It's in your guts. Yeah. You Feel it. It feels different. It feels, it has a piece to it, a piece that passes understanding.


Right. There's a piece to when you bump into the truth, when you bump into a line, it's frenetic and crazy and chaotic and running around and dog chasing its tail and five 15 kites in the wind bumping into each other and you're like, eh, oh yeah, let's go do that. Yeah. I'm one always leaves some mark, you know? And so you knew, you knew, but you went forward anyway. You know, and so the trick Carly's is, I the guilt shouldn't eat you alive. That means you're moving over towards shame and self-identifying with this. Instead, I would say, you know what? I did something really stupid. And I. Don't do that anymore. I don't do that anymore. That's Your new identity. I'm I'm better than that. Yeah. So I was playing golf with a guy in the PGA the other day, not this week, but about six or eight months ago.


And, you know, he shoots around 200 par He's, he's, you know, 65 years old. He's getting there. He a retired PGA guy. He's, he's a serious, serious world class. And I hear him muttering to himself and people cuss themselves on a golf course. Like they talk to themselves like nobody should be allowed to talk to themselves. Right. It's the worst self-talk I've ever seen in my life on a golf course. And this guy is muttering himself, And, I start listening. And I'm like, what are you saying? And he said, well, you know, I, I missed that shot. And And I said, well, what'd you say? And he said, I, I said to myself, you don't usually miss that shot, you're better than that.


Hmm. Instead of like, you suck. You're horrible. You miss everything. You know, that's what most people do on the golf course, right? Instead. And he goes, and then, you know, he'll, he'll drop a birdie or an eagle while I'm standing there and he'll go, yeah, that's what I usually do. Hmm. And it is just the opposite. And he said, if you know, you just, you're telling yourself what you, who you are. And, And your body responds, man, it's powerful. Yes. It's Powerful. And I thought, you know what? And I, I, you know, it's easy to get frustrated doing something you're trying to learn and it's just, you go, no, I don't usually do that. I don't usually, I I don't usually hit it over there. I usually hit it over here. I'll notice the time that you And I played golf.


You, you, I you didn't say that. What? You yelled, but you thought that I could see it for Like, I didn't, I didn't say a thing. I was trying to be real quiet. No, when you ducked outta the way when that ball was flying Of your head. Well, the have to Gilmore swing where you run at the ball is I'm not great at golf. And then, Then there's somebody's child in another county got killed. It was, yeah. But anyway, I didn't know you couldn't tee it up on the fairway. Yeah, well we told you and well, There you go. Well, you should go fishing instead. Everything we do with Johnson Adventure, You should go fishing instead. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. And that, well, same thing. Everything gets wet. So it's either way.


Hey man, I did hit that ball hard off the clubhouse. You, You did, you bounced it off the ceiling of the clubhouse off. I Didn't Mean to do that. Roof of the clubhouse. The guys inside came out and looked at Me. And, I. I'm usually not embarrassed. I was embarrassed about that Shot. Ah, yeah. I was too And. I didn't even hit it. Hey folks, don't talk to yourself like you wouldn't allow somebody else to talk to. Amen. We're talking to my friend, so-and-So that way I hear John say that all the time we're talking to you that way. This is The Ramsey Show.


Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling Ramsey Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today, Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. The call is free. and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. John's in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Hey John, how are you? I'm good. how are you Dave? Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up?


All right. So I gross, about 50,000 a year and I only, the only debt I have is about two thou, 2000 in credit card debt. I've got a truck that I have paid off it's worth from eight to 12. That's from Kelly Blue Book. I was wondering if I should sell that truck and pay off my credit card debt and also pay for an engagement ring in cash. Wow. You got it bad. I know You are in love.


A guy from Mississippi just told me he's selling his truck for a girl. Are you a right man? I, I walked out one part. So I. I, I work for a pole mill, I'm a forester and they pay for, you know, a truck for me to use And, I can use it for whatever I want. So that's why I'm thinking about paying my personal truck. Yeah. Okay. He's like, Hey guys, they don't love her that much. Slow down. Slow down. I'm not gonna be without a truck guys. It's okay. Oh, You're great. Thank you for letting us poke at you brother. We're proud for you, man.


That's cool. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, so it's a truck. It, it changes, it does change the story. So that's good extra information. It changes the story 'cause it's a truck you don't need. Yeah. And that kind of makes it a no brainer. If it was your daily driver and you needed something to get to work, I might tell you to roll up your sleeves, take a side hustle and do whatever and, and plow your way through the saving for the ring and, and the, and the knocking out the little credit card debt. But you can knock it out in one fell swoop. Now the trick is this, when the truck sells, all your problems are gone. Credit card's gone, ring's bought. Right. Yeah. So it's kinda like you instantly got your butt outta the trap with no pain or little pain except truck less.


Yeah. Be careful that you don't go back to your old habits. Make sure that the guy in your mirror says, I'm chopping up all these credit cards. We're having a plastics me a plastic surgery party. No more plastic, no more debt or not borrowing money for anything ever. Again. Last time I did that it cost me my truck. Yeah. You gotta get that message in your head. Okay. Yeah, because a lot of people, if they get out too quick, they just keep doing the same stupid butt stuff and they go right back in debt. Yeah. And you don't wanna be that guy. No. No. So how long you been dating her?


It'll be a year and a month. Hmm. How much is the ring gonna be? About 6,000. It's a lot of ring man. Yeah. You think cut back on the ring Dave tell me One month, one month's pay is generally my angle. You're a little over that. Not too bad. Dave tell me one month my, There's no correlation between size of ring and length of marriage except possibly an inverse correlation. The larger the ring, the less likely the marriage is to last. Not exactly, but it's the only possible.


There's no, there's no research on it actually. But there's lots of stories of 70 year marriages. 60 year marriage is 50 year marriages with a, a, a little tiny chip of a something. But yeah, you somewhere is four or five, six, you'd be okay. I wouldn't go over that. That's your max And Dave. I like the idea of putting three or 4,000 bucks in an account in case this work. His boss calls and says, Hey, you can't drive my truck on the weekends. Well I Have enough to do all three. Yeah. And you start your, you start baby step three, building your emergency. Don't burn all this money, man. Yeah. Don't, don't go spending the rest of it. Well I've, I've got about 5,000 in my savings now and then I've also got about 5,000 in a Roth.


Okay. Separate from my 401k, so, okay, Good, good. Well don't you know, you don't touch the 401k or the Roth, but you take the 5,000, the proceeds from the truck that are left over after the ring and the credit card's gone and you build your baby step three emergency fund. Okay. Yep. So well Good for you. Congratulations. Thank you. We'll give you an engagement gift. It's called the Total Money Makeover book and it'll show you guys how to navigate your way through these baby steps. And as long as you are willing to sacrifice for this woman the rest of your life the way you are right now, you probably got a shot. My brother And I wanna tell everybody out there who's wondering if this person's the one for me, want you to remember back to the Mississippi guy who sold his truck for, for love.


If it, if it's less than that, you need to move on. Yeah, Yeah. Usually some of 'em that call us, it's the other way around. It always, it's the other way around. I don't see love like this. I'm kinda getting choked up. Dave. This is Mississippi. He's, I mean the only other thing that would be more if sold His dog for I wasn't, if you, if you're from the south like we are and you sell your truck for a girl, it's a big deal. My goodness. That's A big deal. Yeah. I mean some of you Yankees don't understand this, but If, if you sold your bus pass and your Tesla, that same, same thing. Yeah. Sell Your, if you're from California, you saw your Tesla. Yeah, that's, it's I guess, I Don't know. Look, Dave's all choked up man. Dave, you don't have to cry. It's okay. John's they're in love man.


I Got a head cold. Alright. Kyle's with us in Hartford, Connecticut. Hey, what's up? Hey Dave, thanks for taking my call actually from Brooklyn, Connecticut. I thought he was asking close to the city. I don't consider this a city. That's fine. So my daughter just turned 12 yesterday. We had the talk about saving for her first car 'cause that's what I had to do as a kid. I don't believe in given your kids' cars, doesn't teach 'em any responsibility or money management. She also got baptized or a couple or a week ago with Wonderful Mom that has nothing to do with money or anything, but she did end up getting some cards with some money in it.


Okay, good. Which obviously that has nothing to do with being baptized, but she Yeah, no, but got that. And so Your little girl's becoming a woman. That's awesome man. I proud, what a great, great thing for you as a dad. Here's what we did at the Ramsey house. We did 4 0 1 Dave and what, what I did was match. So if you put zero in the account, you're gonna get you a bicycle. Right. Because I'm gonna match precisely zero. But if you take that money, some of that money from those cards, instead of blowing it at the mall or wherever it is, 12 year olds blow money nowadays. I don't guess people go in the mall anymore. But anyway, when our kids, it was the mall. And so where you put that money in there, you put $10 in there, it becomes 20.


'cause I'm gonna match it and It Very good idea. Yeah, exactly. It Was, it was a incentive plan and it also kept me in the conversation with them all the time, including I got to guide them through the purchase. And that was an interesting experience. I will tell you this, for your parents listening out there, put a limit on this idea. You might have one little character that's a bookkeeper and saves 30 grand and he's looking for a $60,000 car. Now don't do that. This is The Ramsey Show.


Dying without a will can cost your family thousands of dollars in legal fees and administrative costs. A will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want and it saves your loved ones extra stress at a tough time. So making a will on mama bear legal forms.com should be your number one thing on your to-do list. And if you need another reason, August is National Make a will month. You guys creating your will takes just 20 minutes on Mama Bear Legal forms.com. Heck, you can do it during halftime of the game if you're watching, so you got no excuse. Plus you can make changes to your will for free for up to 180 days until you're completely satisfied. There are a lot of online will companies out there, but with Mama Bear, there are no membership fees, no subscription, and no upselling. The price you see at the beginning is the price you pay. So go to mama bear legal forms.com and save 20% with a promo code Ramsey. And now you really have no excuse not to get it done. That's 20% off at mama bear legal forms.com with the code Ramsey.


Hey guys, George Kamel here with some big news. The Ramsey $10,000 cash giveaway is here. Enter all month long to increase your chances of winning no gimmicks, just $10,000 cash. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter every single day. Plus, we've lined up some unbeatable deals for as low as 12 bucks. These bestsellers will teach you the most effective way to build wealth, make raising smart money kids easy or help you live a more joyful, less anxious life. You don't wanna miss it. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Many years ago we were doing an event in San Antonio and one of the guys called and said, you know, max Lato is in San Antonio. And I said, yeah, God, if I could get to meet Max Lato and Max and Steve Green met me at a little restaurant down there down by the Alamo and Steakhouse. I remember I've still got the picture. That's gotta be 20 plus years ago Max, At least that we've been friends at least. It's great to see you Dave Probably about 40 million books ago for you. He sold over a hundred million Max Cato books. That's pretty crazy. Wow. Pretty crazy bought most of them. My wife. My wife bought most of them.


My mom's got a whole Max Cato shelf. So She has, I've got, I've got a Max Cato shelf and most of mine are signed. I'm just telling you, I'm big dog here. The new book is what Happens Next. A Traveler's guide through the end of this age, man. The end of the age is popping up everywhere. People are talking about it Right now. You think so? It's kind of in the air. I'm, I've run into several people lately and people doing books on their witness. So Henry Cloud just did a book on his personal testimony. Wiki Willie Robertson just did a book on his personal testimony. Okay, no about that one. Yeah. Gospel Speller and those guys are friends as well. And, and so there's a lot going on here. So, so end of the Age doesn't feel like a natural Max topic.


What brought this up. Well, thank you again for letting me on the program. Always. It's great to see you anytime, Anytime you're in Town. It really is. The guy who drove me to the airport the other day, I said, tell me your life story. And he said, have you ever heard of Dave Ramsey? I said, you're kidding me. I'll be with him in just a few days. He said, well, thank him because, and he told me then about 10 minutes worth of testimony there, Dave of how he is completely debt free except for his mortgage. Yeah. I said, well, hang in there. You, you'll get that one done. So thanks for all you've done for so many. Yeah, you too, brother. Yeah. So Dave, you And, I are both getting older. One of the things I've noticed as I get older, I'm assuming I'm, you're getting older too.


I, I don't Know. My, my body, that's not my spirit. I am so curious about the next life. I'm just fascinated with it. It's like, it just as It gets closer. Yeah. As it gets closer and, and, and the clock is ticking and the sand is dropping through the hourglass, I think what's it gonna be like? So that began about five years ago, and then I began seeing more and more chaos and confusion in the world. And I thought, is there, is there something happening in this day and age that's unique to our day and age and went on a personal study and, and then it, it turned into a series of sermons for the book. And here it is it just coming out right now?


What happens next? Yeah. So the book, the Bible gives a lot of prophecy in the Old Testament, certainly revelations in the New Testament, or the Revelation with John written on the island of Patmos. How do you line that up in a modern world so you can actually try to figure out, okay, what is coming next? Yeah. Well, first of all, I think we point out that this world we're in right now is in a pandemic of anxiety. It's just people are stressed out and there are so many things that contribute to this as the two of you know so well.


But one of them is that people do not know what is going to happen after they die, or they do not know if all the events that we're watching in the world are leading us into are signals or signs of the end times. I think one of the great way to deal with the anxiety of the world is to help people understand that this life is brief, but the next life is great that just get excited about it. And so that was part of my motivation in this. And this book follows a timeline. I start in the book of Genesis end up in the book of Revelation. So it's the whole Bible and what the Bible provides in terms of a specific timeline of events that will happen before we finally enter what we can call our eternal state or the new Heaven and the new Earth.


And I'll just say, I, I am so energized what I read, so encouraged and excited, And I, hope people can get on this excitement train with me because it's, it's something to be thrilled about. Mm. Book is what happens next. A traveler's guide through the end of this age with New York Times bestselling author Max Lato sounds like it's, it is an absolute must read. I've not gotten through it yet. I just got it. You just, well, it just came out. You sent me my copy about ago comes Out two days ago tomorrow, I think officially Tomorrow's street date. Yes, sir. Okay. All right. Cool. So you And I and John was in a Christian college for a while as a dean of students. And we've all three seen some wacky stuff around the rapture and people not living this life Well in the name of the rapture.


You know what I'm talking about? Absolutely. Like, I get people, I don't need life insurance. I'm gonna be raptured. Yeah, yeah. Well, your wife might, you know, and So, I mean this just, I get into this kind of stuff. So are, are you this fear of the rapture or this promise of it? And somehow they think they figured out it's a certain date. Yeah. In times is the Serengeti of theological topics. It's the wild and wooly. It attracts the crazies and, and it stirs up the anxiety. And so you, it is, it has been the camping ground of pastoral malpractice for, right. Great word. Wow. Great Word.


And so you should write. Wow. So you acknowledge that. Yeah. But then again, the Bible is about 30% prophecy. Much of which has been completed, much of which is yet to be fulfilled. So if you want to understand God's message, of course, study the gospels, of course, study the doctrines of the apostle Paul and John and Peter, but don't miss out on the end times. Don't be intimidated by it. Allow yourself, and, and you, you, you owe it to yourself to get excited about what's about to happen. And, I, And I do think that though there are variety of opinions Christians can gather around the bodily return of Christ, the promise, the assurance of salvation for the saved and the ultimate judgment of those who reject Christ.


Now in the book I, I go into more detail. I talk about the rapture, about the tribulation, about our wedding in heaven, about being rewarded in heaven, about the millennium, about the return of Christ. I just follow that sequence, that timeline that, that I believe the Bible provides us. But whether you agree or not, with my timeline, let's get excited about what's about to happen because it's gonna be wonderful. I can't wait to dig. I know exactly what I'm gonna get through that. That's this week. 'cause I leave Sunday for two weeks in Turkey. We're visiting the seven churches. Perfect. The seven churches of Revelation Perfect. And a study on the site on seven. Oh, that'll be, that'll be ideal. It's A great law. Small group of us going, And I got a good teacher going where this is gonna be a lot of fun.


so what do you say to the person that's not familiar with the Bible? Maybe they're not a person of faith. And people start talking about the end times. Sounds kinda like hokey pokey, like you know, Jerry Jenkins and left behind it. It was, gave us a picture of everything, but also got made fun of a lot by people that weren't of faith. Yeah. Two or three things on that. number one, our God is a God of great interventions, interruptions. I mean, the great stories of the Bible are stories of God doing what nobody ever imagined that God would do. Open the Red Sea manna from heaven, Elijah calling fire down. Most of all, God, becoming a baby and living on earth and dying for our sin, raising from that grave.


And so these miraculous interventions are the nature of our faith. And so scripture anticipates more of those. And so it's part of what we believe that God does extraordinary things. And consequently things like the rapture and the tribulation fit in that genre. Not the common day-to-day experiences, but these mighty interventions of God. And then secondly, I would say to the person down deep in your gut, you know, this world's not working. Yeah, it's not working. It stinks. I mean, there's so much violence. Much heartbreak. So much heartache. And yet, from the very beginning in the book of Genesis, God promised a paradise in which men and women, men and women would get along, would get along with God, get along with nature.


And though Adam and Eve didn't keep their part, God always keeps his part. Yep. And that's gonna happen. It's gonna happen. Max lato.com. The book is available August 13th. That would be tomorrow for most of you that are listening live. And you can purchase it anywhere. Great books are sold and yet another bestseller. I'm sure. What happens next? A traveler's guide through the end of this age, I can promise you a hundred percent of what he writes, I will pick up and read. We've been friends a long time, but he is also one of the most grace filled, thoughtful men on the planet. That's writing on the subject of Christianity today. So I. Love it.


Thank you my friend. Thank you Dave. Great to see you. Great to see you both. We love you. Give our give. Give your wife a Hug for us. And same to your family. Be good. Max Lato.


This is The Ramsey Show looking for a place to get honest and reliable news. Then check out The Megan Kelly Show, hosted by my friend Megan Kelly. The Megan Kelly. Show is your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. No agenda and no fear. Megan also interviews a variety of guests from different backgrounds where she explores both sides of contentious issues. The show provides in-depth discussions and insights into relevant topics shaping society today. So be sure to look for The Megan, Kelly Show, wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey guys, Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. And I know this because that was me. But the truth is, budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun. Download EveryDollar for free today,


Dr. John Delony. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Andrew and Kimberly are with us on the debt-free stage. Hey guys, how are you? Doing great, Dave. Doing great. Welcome. Where do y'all live? Hammond, Wisconsin. It's near the Twin Cities in Minnesota. Gotcha, okay. The Minneapolis marketplace. Yes. Alright, cool. Welcome. Good to have you. And how much debt have y'all paid off? $172,000. Oh, Right. How long did that take? Four And a half years. Good for you and your range of income during that time? We started at one 40 and we ended at two 80 last year. Whoa, That's kind of nice. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a construction manager for gc And then I manage my family's U pick and egg agritourism berry farm and also sell seed as well.


Oh wow. Good for you. Okay, cool. What caused this jump in income? He had a really good year. Ah, Okay. And I've been climbing up as well. Okay, so promotions and a and a bumper crop? Yes. It's definitely, I'm married up, we'll put it that Way. Oh, that's always the case. But you, you sell seeds from your place? We also, I go to farmers' doors and sell seed to them as well. Corn And Soybeans? Yep, corn and soybean seeds. Okay. But you got like with with the current rise in preppers, you gotta be crushing with the home seeds, right? Oh, we don't do that. Oh, okay. That's completely different. I mean most of our, with our egg tourism business, it's strawberries, raspberries, pumpkins, corn, maize, all those. Yep. Flowers to Us.


They just wanting to come in and get organic. Amazing. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Good For you guys. That's very good stuff. And it's real stuff. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Good for you guys. Way to go. Cool. What kind of debt was the 172? It was our house. Yeah. Wow. Look at weird people. Yep. How old are you? Two weirdos. I'm 34 and Kim is 33. 33. Way to go. I like how we pause like are you gonna say it? You gonna say, well, I never know How old I am. So he knows more than me. Usually. Well played man. I love it. So what's this house worth? About 330. And You own it and you're 33 years old. Yep. Y'all are so whacked. I love this. Yeah, we're excited. Yes. Way to go. It's exciting. But our journey's not over yet. We're hoping to build some, so still have some big goals in front of us.


Cool, Cool. Well you'll be able to do it after you did this goal. That's a lot. 172 in four years. Yep. And we had a little bit of a pause in there. We bought our house in 2019. Mm. And then we saved up for an adoption. So we adopted in 2022. Oh wow. So we had a little bit of a pause as we were saving up for that and then hit it really hard in the last year. Very Good. Good for y'all. That's not A little pause. You brought a human home. Yes. That's amazing. Yes. That's a nice one. That's a good pause. I like it. Yes. so what happened five years ago, they kind of put you on this, 'cause what you did is very different. You know that we call you weirdos and that's a compliment around here for sure. It's not a, it's not derision, but so what, what got you started on this different track for most people?


Yeah. Well it was actually 10 years ago. Yep. We met at college down at UW Madison and we were dating And I suggested to her that we go through financial peace together when we were just dating very seriously. And so from a really early start in our relationship, we kind of got on the same page in finances. This is our second round of paying off debt after working through the baby sit, you know, baby steps. We she'll know the numbers on 56,000 back then. Yep. We had a truck and then both of our student loans that we paid off in the first round and then began saving The house after that. Maybe step two. Yep. Now you get to baby step six and pay off the house. Yeah. Yep. Exactly. You did it Perfect. Yep. We're gonna be selling our 10 year anniversary in about a week.


Wow. So yeah, about a, about a little over a 10 year journey together Now from 23 to 33. Pretty impressive. Nice climb. Well done. How much in your nest egg in your 4 0 1 Ks and Roth IRA and stuff? About 850. So your baby steps millionaires too. Oh no, I'm sorry. That includes the house. Sorry. Net worth Is eight net worth, net worth eight 50. Okay. So you're almost baby steps almost probably about 18 or 24 months. Yeah. So by the time you're 35 you will be good way to go. That's y'all way to go. Very impressive. I'm just thinking of the guts it took as a 23-year-old to look at the woman you loved and said, let's go to FPU. Will you take FP with me? She needed 48 hours to think it through.


That's awesome. Yeah, I jumped right in. He's, he was definitely the saver though. So I was like, oh, does this mean I can't spend? But afterwards it was, we were always on the same page. And I know how to work the budget to let me spend and he knows how to just save. So we're a good, happy medium. What was your biggest obstacle in paying your house off? Probably just stopping for the adoption. That was super hard to just wanna pay that in cash and having to save up all of that money as you're only paying minimums on the mortgage and seeing how long it might take if we had to stay on that track. But as soon as we were done and Luca was home and finalized, it just skyrocketed as we went past that. So amazing. Definitely hard to take that baby or the break in the baby steps, but totally worth it.


A break in the baby steps for a baby. Sounds fair. Definitely worth it. Where? Where's Luca from Honduras. Okay. Very good. Very good Good for you guys. Well done. What do you tell people the key to paying off your house by the time you're 33 years? I'd say for us it's being on the same page as first. Yeah. Like pre-marriage counseling for you. Yeah, Basically it was. Yep. We've coordinated three times. Thank you. You know the, the Financial Peace University and that's definitely helped us as much as the people who have gone through it, if not more, just keep us on the same page and get, get me refreshed back into it. You know, Kim's very much in the budget, it's sometimes a little struggle for me to make that a priority, but you know, I'm always on the same page.


Usually financially it's just a matter of like taking the time to the details. Get into the details. Can I ask you a weird question? Of course. This is in no way to disparage anyone who's ever been on the debt-free stage. Y'all two seem like you genuinely like each other. And. I don't mean like y'all are just like in love. And what's the secret? Y'all look like y'all are friends. And I. I, it's emanating through this glass here that y'all genuinely like each other. Yeah. He supports me a bunch. Especially even this year. My job's kind of crazy. So he is behind me a hundred percent. Yeah, It's been a, been a really good year, but it's also been a really busy for year and we've got amazing parents and all of them have helped out their, in their own way.


It's been a huge part of it to help us along Kay. And ask for better support from our family and friends And Dave. I love that I asked him that question and they both spoke of somebody else speaking to them. Neither of them said, well I, and both of them are, you just seem like humble, kind, lovely, wonderful people. And I'm just smiling ear to ear. I'm so grateful for you. Thank you. Thank Cool man You. But I also want to share like it's, our lives aren't perfect. Of course not. Yeah. The adoption journey was a lot, a lot for us and we, Oh, it's a Lot. You know, you're seeing the highlight reel, something we're sharing now, but it's been 10 years of working through day to day challenges day to day.


And you know, it's, it's crazy when it kind of happened, it was, it was like a surprise almost like how fast it came up. But it was, it was a, it was a long journey. Yeah. Yeah. We were planning for 2030 and then we were planning for 2026 and then it was 2024 and we're like, whoa, we're done right here. Here it is. Yeah, here it is. Very Cool. And now you're in a great position to when life fills you a new curve ball, man, you're on a foundation that's gonna hold. It's so beautiful, man. Congratulations. Thank you. So it occurs to me that if anybody didn't think you were doing something right, it wouldn't have bothered you at all. No. So even if you had naysayers, it was like what? Eh Yeah. I travel for work and they're, it gives a, it gives you a vote. Yeah. They're all, we should have a Delta credit card and no thanks. I don't need to go into the lounge, so. Yep, I hear you.


But we're good. We're good being over here doing what we wanna do. I don't know how many people when we, we used to live in Iowa and had amazing renters that we rented house from and, and just treated us like their own grandkids. And how many people said, you should buy a house, you should buy a house, you should buy a house. And we waited until it was like good timing for us and even beyond that a little bit and made sure we were really financially set for that changed Everything Was a huge thing that I just have to share is like, don't give into the pressure of, you know, what everybody else is saying. Do what? What fits your family? The best people Who have successful lives are very careful about who they give a vote to. Not very many people. Yeah. Not many if, if anybody, but not many for sure.


Bless that. Two of them are talking to us right now. I'm a really big John fan. Dave, you're pretty cool Chief. Me too. There you go. I'm a big John fan. Congratulations y'all. We're very proud of y'all. Alright, bring the kiddos up. Let's introduce them with their names and ages. How old is Mr. Luca? He is 18 months. Oh, Luca, go baby. I love it. And how old is the princess and what's her name? She is Peyton and she's seven. All right. She's a big seven. Way to go. Big Peyton. Good stuff. Alright. Andrew, Kimberly, Peyton, and Luca. 172,000 paid off. 33 years old with a paid four house. Did it in four and a half years, making one 40 to two 80.


Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. We're debt. Debt free. Free. Yay. And that ladies and gentlemen is how you do it. I love it. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right, wrong. George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible and I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down Payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist will cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


Dr. John Delony. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today.


Sometimes you can be sitting right next to someone, but feel a thousand miles apart. We created questions for Humans, conversation cards as a tool to help you connect on a deeper level with the people you love. Dr. John's idea, he created almost every one of them. Some of the team jumped in and helped him. And these things have blown up. Millions of dollars of these have been sold, helping people start a conversation. Questions for humans. Conversation cards. So we've got them for couples, for parent and parents and kids. And for friends. And For friends. That's right. And for the month of August, they're only $12 a set at Ramsey Solutions dot com going on in the sale. John, when y'all first came and told me you were doing this, I thought, well that's cute. And it has turned out you have really touched a nerve of people don't know how to sit down because of these stupid cell phones. Yeah. They don't. They have lost the art of having a conversation person to person. Yeah. And, and, and They need a tool to help 'em. That's it. And. I. I think it's easy to blame people. And the next best thing or the thing better than blaming is to say, okay, here's a tool. Yeah. And here you go man. We'll help you with it. That's, and we realize there's a problem and it's a really sad situation actually. And yet this has been a lot of fun. A lot of humor around it. People are giggling. Yeah. We get 'em out and use 'em sometimes in a meeting around here and you know, some of the answers are hilarious and you get people, it's almost like an icebreaker. Yeah. And my favorite thing is I can get in the car, And I and my wife says, Hey, will you take our daughter somewhere with, can you take her to the hardware store with you? I know that just tripled the time it's gonna take me to get to the hardware store. And I, get that Sunday afternoon, dad, that heaviness. And my daughter can feel it and she'll just grab these outta the glove box and say, Hey dad, I'm gonna ask a question. And I drop my shoulders. And she asks a question and we laugh, And I, ask one back and it ends up being a way that we can come back together. It's just cool man. I Just love it. Get off the task and onto the relationship. Onto the most important stuff. That's Right. Yeah, exactly. Questions for human cards on sale right now. Ramsey Solutions dot com in the store for 12 bucks and get you several different sets. They've got 'em for everything. Couples dating parents and kids.


I Pulled out, I pulled out a friend question. Dad, what's dad? Dave, what's one song or album that makes you super nostalgic? Hmm hmm. You know, I, I have that experience pretty regularly. Just on the seventies channel. Yeah. You know, and one of the things I like on that, it'll pop up on xm or even if I'm on Spotify, it'll pop up and show the year that song came out. And, I Go, God, you know when, when he did Time in a Bottle, I was 12 because I remember being deeply in love. Oh man. That's right. When Croci did Time in a bottle. Really? I was 12 'cause I felt like I was 22, man.


But I wasn't, it was 1972. You know, I love the, because it helps you do that. Sure. And I'll be riding along and we'll say we were 14 and didn't know each other when that came out. Yeah. And there was some crush in middle school or something's tied to that. So that happens all through the seventies stuff. Yeah, for sure. Especially the mid, you know, mid seventies stuff. Or even the early that played in the mid Yeah. That kind of thing. Right. So that was our teenage years. So yeah. That, that's cool. That's fun. That does do that though, for sure. Open phones here at Triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Amanda is in Knoxville. Hi Amanda, welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. And Dr. John, thank you for taking my call.


Sure. What's up? I have my husband, And I had about $91,000 in debt and I'm looking at starting a side business, freelance grant writing for nonprofits and wanted to know what are some things to keep in mind when I start the side hustle and how do I go about finding clients. Have you, it sounds like something you found on the internet. Actually I have, I have done it as part of my business before based on, on the, on the public side. You've the grant writing side. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't done it per, you know.


Okay. Well anytime we're doing marketing, we do what we call a persona of what the customer looks like. So who needs grants written typically? What does this customer look like In, in my area it's a lot of like animal shelters and like United Way has a lot of of grants and nonprofit side that they do. So there's a lot of various Can I, can I throw, I Know for East Tennessee there's a lot of various nonprofits in the area. Can I throw you another one that, that would be even bigger where you are right now? Sure. The lifeblood of a research university professor is grants.


And the thing that I didn't learn how to do through two different PhDs was how to write and secure a grant. So if you were to advertise at the local university, and you're right next to a monster school there in Knoxville, if you were to advertise I do, I assist with grant writing services. You may have more work than you know what to do with. Yeah. Jump on some of the grad, grad Facebook pages or indeed postgrad work workbook, coffee shape post put up signs. Yeah. Anything you can do to get ahold of a PhD candidate or even a PhD. A new professor. Yeah. A new, a young professor that's trying to get tenure and if you can help them, write them and even secure them, you have a gold mine at your fingertips there.


The nonprofits, what you're looking for, there is a mid-range nonprofit, a super small, primitive, poorly run nonprofit will not get the grant even if you write it for 'em. The super big ones like a United Way, they do their own, they don't need you. Okay. But somebody, you know, a school trying to get computers, a that kind of thing. You'll get that. But the big nonprofits, you're looking for something kind of in the middle. Something that's established and they're good at running their nonprofit, they're good at fundraising in general, but they wanna supplement their budget with some new grants and they're already raising, you know, one to 10 million a year.


That's a good size. But if you get something like United Way where you're talking about hundreds of millions, they don't need you. Okay. So you're shopping among ministries primarily school principals. Yeah, school principals, especially private schools, hospice, anything like that, that, that. And you're just gonna go out there and put the word out. And what'll happen is, as you fish in these different ponds that we're giving you, you catch a couple fish in each pond, they'll spread the word to the rest of that pond and you'll end up with one that really starts being a gold mine.


One. One of the, one of the areas we don't know which one it is yet. And another one that's like number two, another one's like number three. And then the other one won't be worth fool with. And it might be the one you thought was gonna be good, but that's what you do. And the Amanda, when it comes to getting new clients, there is no substitute for activity. I want you to get rejected a lot. I don't want you to get rejected in your mind and do nothing and sit and be paralyzed by the prospect of being rejected. I want you to really get turned down a lot. Like if you get turned down a hundred to 200 times in the next 12 months, you'll make a really good living during that 12 months and you'll learn a lot about who needs your service and doesn't and how to customize it and tinker with it to get it there.


But the thing that someone that doesn't come from a marketing background needs to get used to is the sign of success in your world is massive amounts of failure. Massive amounts of rejection equals you get to do this or you don't. If you go talk to four people and four people turn you down and you quit, you, you didn't understand what I just said. Yeah. I've seen people be successful not by I need to book five clients this month. I need to make 200 phone calls this month. And the, the client booking will generally take care of itself. Yeah. Or you've got a bad product. Exactly. And and not phone calls where you leave a message, phone calls where you talk to somebody. Right. Or you drop by and bring 'em a cup of coffee. Hey everybody, I brought Starbucks and come in and try to get a meeting with the director of the nonprofit and go, Hey, this is what I do.


Oh, you don't, you don't have a need. Who who does? Who do you know that does? And by the way, I've secured this many millions of dollars in grants before I can help. Yeah man. You may have a line out your door in that community Where you live. You know, if you get a year where you got $10 million worth for some group of people over time, you go, last year I got $10 million in. People go, huh, Have a seat. We'll buy you coffee. Yeah. Wait a minute. Wait right here. We're going to get donuts. Yeah. To go with the coffee. That's the thing. But all of that comes from massive amounts of nos because your ratio's probably gonna be a 95% no ratio and five percent's where you're gonna make your living. And you don't know who it is. I'm guessing, but I'm probably not wrong.


This is The Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app.


Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad A bing bad B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.