
This is The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in life, win with your money, winning your work, and win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman, George Kamel with me today and another fine looking shack. He's ready to go. The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple 8 8 2 5 five two two five. Now, you know we're talking about serious stuff here, but George And I, like to have fun with it. Alright, we can mix the two so when we get together, we try to have some fun. Let's have some fun today as we talk about the very serious stuff. George is our resident money expert and I'm your resident income expert. I want to help you make more money and George wants to help you do good stuff with it.


So we're gonna get right to it and I'm gonna tease this George. Okay? At some point in the show, our fearless leader James Child, will tell me I'm going to, we're gonna get political. Whoa. That's all I'm gonna say. Is this dangerous territory? should I be? No. As a matter of fact, I think the audience is gonna love it because it's a unifying statement and it has to do with money, George. Okay, how about that? We can all agree on That. So no one, now everybody can take a deep breath. There's not gonna be anything controversial. No vitriol. No vitriol and nothing controversial. But it is that time of year George. And so more on that a little bit later. But first, let's get right to the phones. Heather's gonna, is gonna start us off in Knoxville, Tennessee.


Heather, how can we help? Hi, thanks so much for taking my call. My aunt, who was in her mid seventies, she's been a widow for about seven years now, has been the victim of a romance scam. We just found out, Oh gosh, is this like the, the catfishing that we hear about? Yes. On Facebook, a guy had reached out to her. Oh no. And she had been talking to him for about a year and we found out and we said, you know this, there's a lot of red flags. We think this is a scam. Whatever you do, do not send this guy any money and you don't need to talk to him anymore. Oh no. But she did not listen to us and we just found out that she has lost at least $23,000 in credit card charges that we know of.


So we don't know if there's more or Not. Oh my goodness. And She, so she didn't send the money. She racked up debt in her name and bought him stuff And then sent it. Yes. And then sent him the money. So we are trying to figure out what to do. She lives off of social security. She only brings in about $1,200 a month. Her whole bank account was cleaned out and we just trying to figure out how to go forward from here. Before we get to the money part, I just have to ask, is there any potential help from Facebook and any of this or the credit card company on this?


I mean, that's a good question. I have a feeling that it's from overseas because she was buying a bunch of $500 minute cards for phones that she was sending him. Oh. So that makes me feel like it's out of a lot of jurisdictional hands. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's, it's rare that anything Can be done about this stuff. I just, I just had to ask. I am just, my stomach is turned here for you. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. It's horrible. Have you reported the crime, at least to your, your law enforcement's non-emergency number and at least have this on file? Yes. Yes. They, they reported it. They're gonna be getting all the details. I'm not sure how much they can help those since she took out loans in her name and, and things.


Yeah. They're gonna go, Hey, this isn't fraud, you did this. Yes. So, but at least it's on file and maybe they can, you know, track this schuberg who's doing this. You can also report it to the, you know, state attorney, FTC at least to make yourself feel a little better. But the truth is, we're gonna have to rebuild ourselves here. Let's pretend like nothing's gonna come from any of this. What about this credit card debt? Have we cut up grandma's credit cards yet? Or your aunt's? Well, we're trying to, just trying to, I don't know if we've gotten the full picture yet, but yeah, we're, we've, we're gonna get the boo's credit cards canceled. Her bank account, they had to close the bank account because what had happened was that she was going to get reimbursed by this guy.


So we sent her a check, which she deposited and it cleared and was for a few days and Then it's back. He wanted, Well, yeah, well then he wanted a certified check out of that. So she turned around and wrote a certified check because the bank thought she had the fund and then it cleared out everything that she had left, plus she went into the negative once they realized it was a fraudulent check. Got it. So they canceled that bank account. So it's like she doesn't even have that at bank anymore. So everything is just, So she has a new bank account now. Well, we're gonna have to set one up and or her son is on the bank account. So that is one good thing. But I don't know if we have the ability to, I don't know if she should have access to a, to an account if that's even an option.


If we, does She realize what has happened? I think on some level, but I'm afraid on another level, she hasn't really processed it because she keeps thinking that he's gonna send her the money like he promised. Oh my goodness. Even now, it's, it's very fast. How old is she? She's about 75. Is she, is she having struggles with just mental acuity? I think she's just very, very lonely. And you're the, and you're the niece. Like where, where are your cousins at in all of this Are around. Unfortunately they don't have a lot of financial security to help in this instance, but my, my aunt's sisters, so by mom and, and everyone are trying to kind of gather around her and help where they can to help her get out of the negative on a lot of her bills.


But that's about all that we can do. And, and it's not, Okay, so were you calling us for ideas or were you calling us for some type of approval on something you're thinking about? That's what I'm trying to get to the bottom Of. I I'm wondering is it moral or ethical for us to say, just don't even, don't try to pay back these credit cards, put those aside, And I and, and just let them go into collections and maybe at that point she can settle for Payings on the dollars if she will even have that money at that point. Or do we wait Himself? I mean she, she truly does not have the money and So I don't think there's anything wrong with saying, listen, she was a victim of fraud. Yeah.


This is what happened. She doesn't have the money. She's living off of 1200 bucks in social security. It'll be, you know, she'll be 128 by the time this thing gets paid off. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. And the truth is, Heather, she needs to cover her four walls first. I do not give a rip about the credit card companies. She's gotta make sure she's got food on the table, utilities are covered, her housing is covered, transportation's covered. And the other thing you need to do is, number one, cut up her cards and then second you need to put a freeze on all of her credit. So all three credit bureaus put a freeze on it so that no one can open up account including her. Yeah, I agree with that. Good idea. I'd do that instantly. I think the son does need to manage the money. Yeah. From here on out. Absolutely. She's shown that she's incapable and she's still not even convinced this is fraud, which means it can continue to happen if we continue to give her access to more money.


Absolutely. Okay. No, that's a great point. Freezing, freezing all of her accounts for the credit wise. And will we need to get her to sign something to, for us to be able to do the money because I think she does have her mental faculties other than this gigantic blind spot. But is that, or if we just set up a new account? You, you might need a financial power of attorney. Unless they both say, Hey he, this is a joint checking account. The son is on it, mom is on it. If we do it that way, you'll be fine. Okay. This feels like a family meeting though. But yeah, this needs to be a, the fact that the niece is calling and tells me, number one, you really love your aunt, which is so sweet. Yeah. But I think we need to have a big family meeting. Go, here's the Next Steps that we're gonna take. Yeah. And you lay all of that out that we just talked about.


Yeah. If this were, if this were my aunt or my mom, there would be an absolute come to Jesus meeting to make sure she understands she's been scammed and this is not real and let's address the loneliness as well. But man, we gotta rebuild here. And I would, this is a community thing. If they're, if you're involved in a church or a good community, I think you, you know, you go to people and say let's help her out. Maybe Even third party counseling For someone. Tell her, but protect her by the way before we help her or else all those good deeds George and all that money raised for her is gonna go back out the window on the next thing. Wow. Tough call. Don't move. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey


Show. Dying without a Will can cost your family thousands of dollars in legal fees and administrative costs. A will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want and it saves your loved ones extra stress at a tough time. So making a will on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com should be your number one thing on your to-do list. And if you need another reason, August is national Make a will month. You guys creating your will takes just 20 minutes on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com. Heck, you can do it during halftime of the game if you're watching. So you got no excuse. Plus you can make changes to your will for free for up to 180 days until you're completely satisfied. There are a lot of online wheel companies out there, but with Mama Bear, there are no membership fees, no subscription and no upselling. The price you see at the beginning is the price you pay. So go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com and save 20% with a promo code Ramsey. And now you really have no excuse not to get it done. That's 20% off at MamaBear Legal Forms dot com with the code Ramsey,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is with me this hour. Triple eight eight two five five two two five.


Alright, so we've been talking about this for a while, George, and it's gonna be here before we know it. It's the very first. Now we, we had this deal set up once before and then we had this thing called a pandemic that hit. And so the cruise was no more. And now the Ramsey cruise, we call it the live like no one else cruise. Is that what it's called? That's Right. Is that right? That's the official title. Do you know why it's called that? Because if you live like no one else later, you can live like no one else. So you can go buy a ticket and, and go on a cruise with us with Dave Ramsey, George Kamel, John Delony, Jade Warshaw, Rachel Cruz, and myself and other guests. And you can just do that by simply putting a deposit down George of $600. You know why? Because you've got $600, You got the margin. So this is for folks who have done the first part, they've lived like no one else. They've made the sacrifice, they pay it off the debt, got the emergency fund, they're investing for the future. And now we wanna celebrate with all of those people on a debt-free celebration cruise. Are We gonna be checking people's baby step status at the door? That could be fun. I would love to volunteer to be that guy. You Give you a clipboard, you would be so happy. I know. How do I verify that? Are we pulling credit reports? Yeah, you can't. How are we gonna do this? It was a joke. It's a ludicrous suggestion, but nonetheless you got excited about it. But What if we freaked people out as they tried to get on board? And, I go, no, no, no, let's check that credit report. No, if what if we had Dave shoot a video and it was kinda like an AI video of Dave and you, you had to walk up and he would look you in the eye and you go. Now before you get on this boat, I'm gonna need to see your ticket. And I need you to look in the eye and tell me you're in baby Step four or higher. Are you, could you see 'em? Yeah, that would be kind of fun to freak people out. I gotta, I gotta see your DFE, your debt-free verification. Oh see look, you've already run with this. Alright, George, tell 'em where we're going because the, the lineup is absolutely unbelievable. We're going to Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico and The Bahamas. Yep. That's an amazing lineup. It's a great, great great lineup. We also have some good friends going with us. Big time. Chef Monit Johan, Deanna Carter of Country Music Fame, and Stephen Curtis Chapman of Christian Music Fame. So we got a little something for everybody there and all the personalities, including Dave will be speaking, hanging out with you and George is gonna swim with the dolphins. We're look, we're looking at an excursion where you swim with George and the Dolphins. It's a synchronized experience. Yeah. So we're working on that. By the way, George swims in a swim shirt. So that's always worth seeing and floaties as extra bonus with the floaties. With the floaties. So here's the deal. You get a, you get your room by just putting $600 down is all you gotta do. The deposit and cabins are running low. We're gonna sell out. They're expecting us to sell out within the next month or so. So you don't wanna miss that. And you can sign up right now. Book your cabin at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


By the way, George, I wanna point out we have a lovely studio audience out there in the lobby today. International. International. We get, we have Scotland, got a guy from Australia Yeah. And more. Yeah, it's unbelievable. So always fun to meet you fine folks. And we'd love for you to come see us to the phones we go triple eight eight two five five two two five. Tampa, Florida is where Matt waits for us. Matt, how can we help today? Hey, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Hey, I'm separating from the Air Force next month or in a couple months. And I have a few job offers lined up for airlines switching. I'm a, I'm a pilot in the Air Force and switching the civilian sector and we're looking at probably a 40% drop in pay if I can start right away when I leave.


We do, we did buy a house about two years ago here in Tampa and we bought just before the mortgage rates or we locked in just before the mortgage rates started going up. Ended up with a higher rate than we bargained for. And it's, it's gonna be a little tight trying to keep the house. So my question is with, and especially with training start dates for, a lot of these airlines have a few job offers, but they've all paused training for the remainder of the year and they, they could potentially pause it further in the next year. So my question is, is it, is it a dumb idea to sell our house and move in with our family, which we kind of take a hit on equity and we we might be slightly upside down in it, you know, by, in order of up to, I mean we could, could break even, we could end up losing like having to pay out like 30 grand or something like that to Get, okay, let me let to get outta it.


Alright, let's, there's a lot coming at us. So George, let's break a couple things down here that'll help us. First thing is explain the training delay and, and in in context with, do you want to fly commercial airlines? That is your, that's where you wanna be long term. Is that the fir is that the case? That's right. Alright. And so if they're delaying training, that means they're delaying hiring? Well sort of. I've got three job offers. They just haven't they, they just say we're not going to start you until They can train January At the earliest. Start you in training, which means essentially start you in pay, in paying you. When are you leaving the Air force?


I basically, I want to stop moving so much. But do you have, are you optional to leave or is this like, hey on this date it's over or can you hang on the Air force? I could position but the, it is really important to me to be able to get with an airline, a major airline at the earliest Right. Possible point in but Air, this is the differe between you guys losing your house. I'm gonna go, well let's pause on this career move until we know what it's gonna look like and that we can afford it. Yeah, I mean let's skip ahead then. So we're jumping around but I think it's important to jump around George, we don't like the idea George, why we don't want him to try to sell a house and take a loss on this. It's like there's a whole lot of options before we get to that.


Correct? Yeah. Well and the question is how do we get you from the Air Force position to another position without a gap in income and without a loss of income. so what are you making now and what are the job offers offering? So what I'm making now is about taking a pay of 11,000 to 12,000 per month. And the first year of pay with any airline is, you know, a a little bit lower. So I'd be looking at about 6,000, 7,000 per month. Even with your experience. That's right. The first year pay is always what does Your wife lower? Does your wife work? But but it bumps right back up. My wife works, she's a nurse, she makes about 4,500 a month.


So it would still be a $40,000 hit. Excuse me. A 40% hit in your first year. That's, how quickly does it jump up in year two. And does it get back up to where you currently are or is it still below that level? It would, it would go back up to where I currently am. So if One year you got, you basically gotta float the 40% difference in one year. But you don't have, I mean being an airline pilot, you don't have a lot of time for the side gig do you? Or something else that you could do to make up that money for one year and not lose the house. So that's true. And the the other big concern is what if they don't start training for longer?


Why is this the only option? Could you not do cargo plane? Could you not fly private? Why Is commercial day one the only option? So I could, I could do other, other things in the meantime to, I think you have to, Matt, Keep an income. Matt you have to, you're basically telling us that we're looking at six months from today at the earliest that you would actually start to get a paycheck and you're looking at leaving the military when At the end of September and, and now I would get about 15 do $15,000 of extra pay wi upon leaving. But that's a, that's a month and a half. That's a month and a half. What's your mortgage payment? Mortgage payment is about 3,600.


Okay. So based on our parameter about a quarter of take home pay, you would need to bring in about 14 grand to make this house sustainable. Right. And right now if you, you and your wife, let's say you took the pay cut, it was seven grand, your wife makes five, you're at 12. So you've got a little bit of a gap. I have other job offers that if they did start me, one of them is scheduled to start me. They could bridge the gap in between now and then. They also, Well you just answered your Question. They could not, I I think George, we like that. I want to, we're wrapping, we are about shy on time here George. I think we prefer he take that option. Not sell the house. Take You can't take a job that brings home less than 10 grand a month. So if you make that the one thing you're focused on, you'll focus on It to get, you're saying not sell the house.


Try to avoid selling the house. Avoid selling the house because they underneath it, they're laying your dream of leaving Air Force until we figure out what's next. Yeah, yeah because this, they could turn this house into something that's an asset. They're moving In with a family all because of an urgency to get out of this job. I don't see it. Yeah, I don't see the need. I'm with you. Alright. Thank you for your service Matt. Absolutely. We appreciate you. You're a great American. Don't move more. The, Ramsey, Show. Coming right up.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


How you doing out there America? You doing all right? You doing okay? You making enough money? You keeping enough money? How's the old relationships around money? Oh, oh boy. It's awkward. Some of y'all still are trying to Venmo each other and their spouses. Yeah, that's a scary scenario, Ken. Yeah. How's that American dream idea? The to work work really well, to work really hard and keep moving up. Maybe start your own business. How's that going folks? How's it going? We're in an election year, George, and people are Starting to lose hope out there. Ken. There's a lot. Or they're hanging on to hope for the wrong reasons. That's right. Yeah. And so we want your hope focused on your actions and what you can control.


And that's what we do here. I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel joins me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five Is the number Devon? Is it Devon or Devon? We'll find out shortly. I'm gonna guess. Devon, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. How can we help? Hi guys, thank you so much for taking my call. You bet it is. Devin, you are correct. Okay, good. All right. So my question is my husband And I, we have three children. They are 20, 18 and 16. And our role has always been that if after high school you don't have to go on to college, that's fine. If that's, you know what you select, but you have to get a certification or a license or work full time. You know that kind of a deal. We have an eight, our 18-year-old daughter, she just graduated from high school in May, will not be going on to a university again.


Totally fine. My husband is a public school teacher and his insurance has recently changed as a result. If my daughter were to get a full-time job that offers her insurance, she has to take it. She has special needs. She has a very rare condition that causes her to break bones very easily. She's had over 80 broken bones in her 18 years of life. Oh gosh. Yeah. So, so she is somebody who very much needs her insurance. Her plan has been that in August she would work full-time at a retail makeup store like an Alto or Sephora. 'cause that's where her passion lies. And then after a year go and get like an esthetician license or something like that.


my question is, because of the change in insurance, does it make sense to have her like to not not have her work full-time, rather just have her do a part-time for the next year and then kind of see where we are? Or do we kind of stick to our guns and say, Hey, this is the deal. You're, you're an adult, this is what you chose. And then deal with the ramifications of, you know, retail insurance. I, yeah, I don't, my first pass is, I don't know that I would change the expectations for her. Now I, I'm assuming that if she's careful and this role of as a makeup artist or do what, whatever you call it these days, an esthetician, I mean that she can do that with low risk.


Is that true? Yeah. I mean she, there's no rhyme or reason as to when she fractures. I mean she, I mean she's again, she's broken so many bones. I mean she can sneeze wrong and she can break a rib. Oh, that's so it's not so much that, you know, it's a, you know, dangerous situation. It's just what it is. It is what it's, and we've always, you're right. And we've never coddled her. Like I know that sounds awful, but like, hey, you're broken, you have to go to school. Right. So she was the kid in the wheelchair and that kind of a thing. Yeah. So again, we're kind of what we're trying to keep doing. Like now that she's an adult, but with this change in insurance, I mean it's not if she's gonna need it, it's when Right. But I, I like If I, the idea of her working full time and having her own insurance. Yeah, it's time. Okay. But the stipulation was if she's working full time, which I assume is 40 hours a week-ish, then she has to get her own insurance regardless if the employer offers insurance.


Yeah, Well no, it it, if the insurance, if the company she works for offers it, she has to take it. Yeah. She can no longer stay on our insurance. It's just the new insurance. See Devin, here's where I'm at. I don't know what George thinks. I I I just, I would not make a decision to limit her earning ability to learn, to limit her dignity building simply to save her a little bit of money on insurance. I mean, 'cause in other words, it's like, well if she could stay on my husband's insurance, but she has to only work part-time, which means the way I look at that is is I, I'd I'd say it this way. Lemme, let me put it to you this way. Here's what I hear. Devin, I'm gonna recommend to you. Imagine me saying this to you, Devin, you tell me what you think Devin, I think your daughter should make less money and be limited and almost on a fixed income because I'd like her to stay on your husband's insurance.


Yeah, no, no. I mean she Technically, so you get my point Qualifies for Right, right. I mean she could get disability, but we have said absolutely not. You are capable of working, you're going to work. So walk Us us walk us through this. Let's say she's working at Sephora full-time. She has insurance through Sephora. What are the downsides there compared to what you have right now? So if she, you know, ends up in the emergency room or she has a series, a bunch of different specialists that she does have to go to, the copays are much higher. There's a much higher, you know, out-of-pocket expense. Well let's be prepared for the out-of-pocket maximum and let's teach her how that works and let's make sure she has that amount saved. That's a Great point. And depending on the insurance, we also don't know what the insurance is gonna be.


Let's look into that, depending on the employer, let's find out what the copays are and then it becomes a line item in her budget that she needs to manage as a working adult though, this is gonna be a higher percentage of my budget than Yeah. All of my friends And, I need to be okay with that. That's right. She's gonna have to effectively have a, I think a line item in the budget that is, I'd call it copay and And I. Just think teaching her how to be self-sufficient here. You guys are gonna sleep better at night knowing that she's figured it out and it's literally a function of saving and and allocating that in the budget to go, it's kinda like a mini emergency fund, but it should be actually in her budget And she can continue to live at home. What's the plan there?


Yeah, no, she'll she'll probably, yeah, she'll be she'll She has to live at home for probably the next few years. She okay. There's, yeah, But see I like behind. But see I like that because now she can stack more money away in that actual line item of copay or medical. Okay. Like she has a medical line item and it's like a mini emergency fund Georges. Right. How does that feel to you? That's correct me if I'm, I Feel real good about this and so show her, hey, we're gonna get a high yield savings account set up for you. This is what an emergency constitutes. We're gonna make sure we have the out-of-pocket max, here's what your copays might look like year one. We're gonna have that in the budget and you're gonna put that money away like a sinking fund so that when and if something happens, you're gonna be okay. You have the money to cover it. And I think that's, that's gonna really give her that dignity to go, I can take care of myself.


Yeah, that's huge. While under the care of mom and dad and under their roof. So she has minimal bills while working full time. There's no reason why she can't put away money. Yeah. Alright, Wonderful. So I, appreciate gentlemen, You're an amazing mom by the way. That's God question. I can't imagine the difficulty of that situation. Three kids, one with that special need requirement and I'm wishing her the best on her journey to become an aesthetician. Yeah, Devin, appreciate It guys. Thank You. Hey Devin, can I, can I put you on the spot? I think you can handle this and if you, if you don't like this, just say no and it won't be awkward at all. But I just have a feeling right now. George And, I'm gonna trust this feeling. Devin, I want you to just speak to moms and dads out there. You're, you're talking to a massive audience right now and they've got little ones who have special needs all across the spectrum.


It could be just anything. We just have no idea. And it is causing emotional stress, mental stress and financial stress. Feels like you and your family have really navigated this well. What would you tell those folks? They're in the midst of this and they're feeling like maybe they're not gonna be able to figure it out. Maybe they're just feeling like they're never gonna get through it. What would you say to 'em? So our faith has been absolutely crucial in all this. We did not know she was gonna have this disease when she was born. She was diagnosed at six weeks old. So again, our, our faith has just really what pulled us through. Also my husband And I sticking together, really just kind of being on the same team. Obviously getting out of debt was incredibly crucial because our medical bills were just insane.


She broke her neck when she was two and had to be life flighted to John Hopkins. Wow. So I mean that was a $25,000 helicopter bill. So, but we were able to do all of that because we were debt free. And so honestly what I would just say is you just, you know, special needs parents, you know, God chose you for a reason. We don't know what it is, but your kids is awesome and you just keep walking forward and you do it together with your family or whoever's around you. And that's, that's how we do it. Wow. That's beautiful. Devin, thank you. Thank you. You, you, you really encourage some people today, $25,000 helicopter Bill George. I mean, you got a little one right now. Can you imagine? I cannot imagine. I mean, first of all, the trauma that would cause me, let alone the financial aspect.


That's, that's what I'm saying. From every aspect. Oh my goodness. Here's your little one. so what I'm hearing is for special needs parents, they can't go, well the Ramsey plan's not for me because we have different circumstances. You have to do this plan. If you've got that, you have to stay dead. I think it's vital. You have to have the emergency fund. That's what I heard from Devin, not from us. And wow, what a what a what a special family. And, but then fun to see that, you know, their daughter is coping and not just coping, thriving and winning and thriving. And thank you again, Devin. I hope that encouraged those of you out there that, that are in that situation. We're here with you. We're here for you. This stuff will help you get through these dark times and come out on the other side.


Wow. Great stuff Devin. Thank you again. Alright, don't move. Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show. So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money.


So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled that you're with us. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is with me. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alright George, it's time for our question of the day. And it comes from Nick in New York. Nick says, I wanted to ask your thoughts on getting an American Express charge card. I'm completely debt free. And see there are major benefits in terms of points and airline miles for using these cards that you pay back the next month and never carry a debt. What is the downside to using them like a debit card? This is a a question we get very often, Ken. And the part that frustrates me is that you can't use a credit card like a debit card because they're so different.


You're using other people's money and paying it back later versus using your money and paying it right now. And so you can't say, well I use it just like a a debit card. What's the difference? There's a huge difference. And number one, American Express, they're known for the charge card, Ken, which means That's right. You pay the full balance every single month. The where they get you is with very high annual fees. They're known for having some of the highest annual fees. They're also known for high having the highest transaction fees. So when you, have you ever seen these signs at a business? We do not accept American Express. You've seen those? Oh, sure. Because they don't wanna pay the, the, The, the percentage they don't wanna pay. And American Express has fees upward of three point half percent. Yeah. Versus you know, a two point a half with the other card.


Right. So the businesses are saying, Hey, we're not gonna take the hit on this. The consumer's paying big annual fees. And on top of that, what do you think happens psychologically when you're chasing the points and airline miles? Well naturally you go, we'll put a little more on the card this month we're gonna get it back, quote unquote with our cash back. So why not? Yeah. And the problem is the credit card companies love this. There's a reason they're promoting these so heavily. They can devalue the points at any time. There's a reason they've moved from cash back to points. 'cause what is a hundred thousand points? Well it's like two grand and yet your brain goes, it's like Chuck E. Cheese. You remember gonna chuck cheese? Of course. That's why it works that way. You got a thousand tickets and you're like, Oh man, I'm gonna get the boombox in the top. And they go, Nope.


You get a pack Pack you get of Sweet Tarts. Sweet tarts. And a sticky hand is what you're walking away with The sticky hand And you still think I'm winning. Oh, that's funny. So Nick, truthfully, as a guy who had the, I had the American Express Delta card back in the day, Ken and the Discover cashback card when I was 20 in my young twenties before I knew the Ramsey plan, And I thought I was winning. 'cause I was playing these games and yet I was not moving anywhere financially. I was in fact going backwards. And once I cut up the cards, used my own money, I created my own reward system because I was way more cognizant, way more intentional with the money. And I created my own rewards. I was able to save 2000 bucks to buy some flights at the end of the year by getting on a budget and using my own money.


So simply put the juice ain't we're at the squeeze. The long answer. You can go read the credit card chapter in my book, breaking Free from Broke where I talk about all of this at length. Yeah. Hope that helps. Yeah, good stuff. Thanks for the question. Alright, let's go to the phones. Jonas is up in Los Angeles. Jonas, how can we help? Hi guys. So I'm gonna achieve baby step one by August 1st after starting baby step two. When should I pause to say for basically guaranteed and necessary professional move? How much would the move cost do you think? It it varies. I'm not taking any of my furniture wherever I go, but I'm in early career academia, so I'm thinking three K is like the barest minimum to potentially get me across the country and start over wherever I end up.


Is it traditional in the academic world to offer when they hire someone to offer some type of a moving bonus? It depends on the position. If it's a tenure track position, yes. If it's like a visiting lecture position, usually no. And what are you going for? I have for everything. 'cause of my field. I, I don't get to be too picky. Well why, why make this move then to be a visiting professor or whatever it's going to be. What's the upside for you versus staying where you're at? I can't stay where I'm at here in my position here and it does not renew to apply for the job like academic jobs this fall. And then I have to move accordingly and professionally.


It's better for me to leave my home institution where I got my PhD, go somewhere else and kind of get some distance and then pop around and it's a weird job market. Okay. Well, okay, so George, what do he say? He, he thinks he's got about $3,000. We're estimating about three. Let's, let's, let's round it up a little bit. Let's say three to five. George. Yeah. What, what does he do? Well You've got a thousand already with baby step one. And so if and when that the job comes to fruition, I would say let's pause the steps and let's quickly save up that cash. And that might mean selling stuff might mean working extra side hustles, whatever it takes to come up with that difference to get you across the country.


But I would also tell you, I would do my best to negotiate and say listen, I'm gonna need, as part of this job, offer some relocation money. Yeah. And negotiate that in even if you Can get on half of it. Exactly. And I think they should be willing to help if they're, if you're a great candidate and you seem like a real sharp guy, they should offer something with a cross country move. Yeah, we lost him. I think he's gone was flabbergasted by that I think. I think he was stunned by the, the level of detail you gave him there. Alright, let's go to Cheyenne. What? Can I just tell you something George? I can, I've never been to Wyoming And. I'd like it's beautiful. I hear good things And I.


Gotta little excited when I saw Cheyenne, Wyoming on there. Dave is there Dave? How can we help? Yes sir. Our household income is around $900,000 a year. We live on 200,000 of that and we don't have any debt. My Wife not I was gonna say that was what I was expecting you to say. When you're socking away 700 KA year. That's pretty good. Well we've been married 12 years and not had debt since our third year of marriage. Way to go On you. I assume your house is paid for as well. Yes, correct. Okay. I Wanna know how to maximize our retirement savings with the greatest tax benefit and at that income level can I contribute to a mega Roth doing the back door?


So you've got a few options and this is for any high income earners out there. You don't have to make 900,000 even if you make 250,000 this, these might be options you can look into. So you do have a 401k through your employer? No, I'm self-employed. My wife has a 401k through her employer. Okay. As a, as someone who's self-employed, are you doing any investing through that? Do have you set up a solo 401k or a a sep, anything like that? No, I'm just contributing. I think it was $7,500 to my, I have a Roth account which I've not contributed to lately. I have a traditional 401k that I rolled over and then I have just an individual brokerage account.


Okay. And so I've just been putting $7,500 a year in that from myself. Well You've gotta be doing a backdoor, a Roth IRA with that, making that kind of money. So I need to do that. That is an option I you need to legally you cannot contribute to a Roth IRA with that kind of income. What you can do is use after tax money to fund a traditional IRA and then you can immediately convert it to a Roth with no penalty. So here I'm gonna set you up with with a team 'cause that's what you need with this kind of income and this kind of money. You don't wanna play games and try to just DIY it and hope for the best. So number one, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Trusted Pros. number one, you need a great tax pro and we've got those Ramsey trusted tax pros at Ramsey Solutions dot com.


They're gonna help you minimize taxes with that kind of income. The second thing you need is a smart Vest pro. These are the investing pros we trust to help our folks navigate the wealth journey. And it's not just choosing funds. There's a lot at stake here when it comes to tax planning, estate planning, college planning, you name it. And so they're gonna help you figure out the options that are right for you that are legal for you to take. But I'll tell you just on a quick radio call, of course filling up the tax advantage accounts is gonna be your best bet. So Roth 4 0 1 Ks, anytime you see Roth, that's great. That's after tax money grows tax free. The next best bet is to look into a backdoor Roth IRA in a mega backdoor Roth, which is where you use a 401k and a a contribute after tax money into the 401k and then you can roll it over similar to the backdoor Roth IRA.


Beyond that, do you guys have an HSAA health savings account? My wife does through her employer. I do not through My, so with that HSA you, you can also contribute there and beyond a threshold of about a thousand bucks you can invest and when you're 65 it can turn into a traditional 401k essentially you can use that money for things outside of medical expenses. So beyond all of that, the brokerage account is your best bet where there's no tax advantages but there's no income limits, no contribution limits. Yeah, that's the Spark Notes. But again, reach out to that team Ramsey Solutions dot com and they can help. Yeah, Yeah, a smart investor and a tax advi Tax Pro would be absolutely your number one option here. Good problems to have.


Oh yeah, you're gonna love it. He's gonna love the plan they developed for him. So really good stuff. Alright, that's gonna do it for this hour. Thank you. Thank you to George Campbell. Thank you America for listening. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey folks, Dave here. And I. Know some of you listening to the show waiting for a call that answers your specific question. Maybe you need help with budgeting or investing or saving your emergency fund. But wouldn't it be great if you could get the answers you need right when you need them? Well I got great news for you 'cause you can, when you download The Ramsey Network app, you get our advanced AI search that lets you easily find the calls that matter to you.


You can also browse by topic to find answers for the exact things you need help with. That means you don't have to simply hope the next call will be the one you've been waiting for because The Ramsey Network app lets you have control. And with over 7,000 hours of life-changing content, The Ramsey Network app is the best place to find the answers you are listening for. to get access to personalized content for free, just search Ramsey Network in the app store today. Welcome America. This is The Ramsey Show where we help you Win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships.


The phone number to jump in is eight eight eight two five five two two five eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman George. Kamel is with me. George will be our money expert today. And as always, I am your work and income expert and that's why we are here for you. We want you making more money, saving more money, investing more money ultimately so you can live the way you want to live. I'm gonna tease this coming up in just a couple of segments this hour. I got the green light from the powers that be George. They're taking the governor off of me. You know, like you know, a governor keeps the golf cart from going too fast.


Oh, and then we're gonna talk a little politics. We're gonna take on one single issue that I believe every American can get united around And that you shouldn be talking about it And we need to be talking about more. And in light of the presidential race and as wacky as it's been, holy moly, July's been a month, feels like a year. It's been the longest Month. So that's coming up. You do not wanna miss it, trust me. And for those of you that are getting squeamish, don't be, we're not gonna take on, I don't think you can be offended by This. I don't. In fact, I would challenge you to try to be offended by what I'm gonna say. How about that? So we'll see. Take it. That's coming up. Take it. But first we go to New Haven, Connecticut and that's where Charles is joining us.


Charles, how can we help Ken? George, it is great to be able to talk to you guys today. So, quick question, my wife won't let us let go of the last credit card. And I just need your help convincing her What is her reason? She kinda likes the, the buffer of it. You know, we just pay, pay it off at the end of the month. She kind of likes the, the thought of the safety and the travel. My friend's gotten stranded before and all he had was a debit card, so he wasn't able to rent a car to get home. Alright, Question for you Charles. Question. Yeah. What's the limit on this one card that you guys have?


What's the max you could charge on it? Oh, I don't know. About 5,000 or So. I got an idea. I'd come up with $5,000 and say, babe, I have replaced the comfort of the credit card with the absolute max that we could borrow. And So, I've got an additional five grand in our emergency fund. That's why the emergency fund exists. Anyway, but I just, George, I I've long since wanted to answer this question this way. And I haven't had an opportunity to, it hit me here it is not too long ago. So if it's about the actual security, yep, let's go put the cash of the max amount that you could borrow and then I would close the account.


And I wouldn't ask permission. Okay. I'd cut the card up. There's Some really simple work around Charles And I could like hit you with, here's what you could do, here's what you could do. The truth is, this is emotional for her. It's been a security blanket for a long time. That's right. And she's not yet convinced herself that she has become the bank. You guys are in a place where you have the money, money to cover an emergency. Right. Right. So if I told you right, yeah. Well well have your account, let's say you can open a, a separate checking account. Like for example, Charles, Charles Schwab has one that's like the investor checking. It has a debit card, you can use it internationally. There's no fees. And you could just use that fund for travel and never touch your actual bank checking account. You see where I'm going with this? Yeah, I see.


Use as much as you need for travel and you have your checking account separate in case there was fraud for backup. That's a solution. And what would she say to that? I, I think that she might go for that and let, let me tell you the reason that it's only maybe if she can't stand the Ramsey plan There, it's ding, Ding, ding. See and that's exactly, by the way, what I was doing, Charles was being a little sneaky by addressing what she's presenting as the problem. And then when we provide a solution to that problem, we find out what's really going on. And this, this would reveal that, George, both your idea and my idea would reveal. Yeah. Oh, it's something else. I just don't like those.


So why doesn't she, what, what like really ticks her off about the Ramsey plan. It's Probably you That actually that would Track it. No, actually George is is who got me into the Ramsey plan. I didn't like that first either. And George really? He's a real good salesman. I know, I know. I was just thinking that maybe your, the world trusts. I thought maybe your wife didn't like you. I was trying to come up with some kind. Well, maybe your wife will like Rachel. Yeah. Is that a good, you know, Rachel's inoffensive. Everyone loves Rachel. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. So why do you, she Just feels like It's restric restrictive or intense. What Is for broke people. Okay, well that hurts my feelings. Its For broke people. It it is And and It's for rich people.


Well They become rich. Right? Right. Luckily we, we skipped, you know, baby steps one, two, and three when we found Ramsey. And she just feels like it, it isn't for us. Oh, because you were already, you were already technically in our baby step four when you found us. That's correct. Okay, so what is your household income? We have to call through one, two, and three. Are you guys right now it's one 20. Okay. Are you guys exactly where you wanna be financially? Do you think you could be doing any better or is she like, Hey, we are crushing it, don't mess with it. It ain't broke. She doesn't actually, I feel like she doesn't understand how well off we are.


Is she also financially responsible or, or did you kind of She is Extremely financially responsible. I'm actually, I'm the nerd and I'm the rec loose. Right. So she, so there, what are the chances that she would not pay off the credit card balance every month? I, I would say zero. But it actually happened a couple months ago on her own car. See? See, so, So she got bit by the snake and she says, no, no, no. The snake is still my friend. Yeah, Well it was my fault. We're Best buds. I mean, it's not the snakes. I picked it up. Right. It wasn't a full bite, it was just that it snapped and, and barely missed her. It was only like a, a $10 balance or something. She forgot, you know, it wasn't big enough to really leave a mark.


So here's the deal, Charles, I'm gonna send you a copy of breaking free from broke and in there I want, I want her to read the credit card chapter specifically in the credit card chapter. I cover the eight archetypes that I found of credit card people. The perfect spender, which is the person who says I pay it off in full every month. I use it just like a debit card. Right? The rewards redeemer, which I never pay for, for flights and hotels. I love it. I think she's more of the fraud protector. So number one, she says credit cards are safer. So it's really smart on top of the world traveler. What if we're traveling and we need, it's just more convenient. And what if, what if, what if I need to rent a car? Which by the way, you can do with a debit card. Then there's the emergency shelter, which she's also this person.


I need my card in case of emergencies. What if something happens and we need to put it on the card? Well that is a, that's kind of a non-starter with me. When you guys already have an emergency fund, right? How much do you have in savings? Right. Right now we have a $10,000 emergency fund. And then we have on top of that, around 17,000. Oh my goodness. And she still thinks, I know this is the path. Is there more? Is is it a fear thing? 'cause another one's the fear tranquilizer, who says having a credit card makes me feel more secure? It, I feel like part of it, we had a lot of fraud on one of our bank accounts. So sometimes she brings up, oh, she doesn't like the bank.


We have Switch banks. But I, yeah, I feel like that'd be a Put a, a freeze on all of your credit switch banks. Yeah, But here's the thing. We gotta address this deeper And problem Solved. Let's, we gotta address the relationship piece. So you're going to have to patiently and methodically address all of these concerns for her. I don't, I know. Or else you guys are gonna still be at odds over this. This is not, you know, I said this earlier. And I was being glib. And, I need to retract it, you know, for your marriage. I wouldn't just go behind your back and, and, and turn it off. I wanna make sure I I was kidding around about that. And, I wanted to correct that and, and, because here's the reality.


This is about vision casting and you're gonna have to just walk her through these fears. Yep. Hang line shot you that book, Charles. Yeah. Hang on. We'll get you George's book breaking free from Brooke


These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xander Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back America. You joined The. Ramsey. Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel joins me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number for you to jump in. We'd love to hear from you and boy, boy, am I getting fired up for our next segment? More on that a little bit later. Craig is gonna start us off in this segment. Dallas, Texas is where he is. Craig, how can we help today? Hi, I just wanna say thanks for picking up my call. I'm a, a new Ramsey, I guess a member here. I just started listening like about two weeks ago. Wow. Awesome. Wow. You're like the hot now sign at Krispy Kreme.


I mean fresh. I love it. Yeah, pretty, pretty brand new to all this. my question is, is I have a spreadsheet of mine and my wife's budget and I put all of our bills and all of that stuff into it. This was probably about two or three months ago and my mortgage comes out to about 48% of what we bring home every month. Oof. That'll leave a Mark George's. Hold on George, I'll get the Tums for you. I Actually got some Heartburn. You got some? Yeah. A little heartburn. Alright, so what is the mortgage and what is your after tax monthly income? The mortgage is 180,000.


It is 1428 a month. My wife, she brings home about two grand a month. And, I, bring home about 29 to three. Okay. So altogether we're talking five grand and the mortgage is 1500. Yeah. For 1428. What do You guys do for a living? She works for the state of Texas and I'm an electrician. I don't know if the number's right here, but what you just told me would mean your mortgage is 28%, the mortgage is 1428. You guys are bringing home five that I missed something. Oh, well Maybe. Maybe I looked in my, or maybe I have a wrong calculation in my spreadsheet, but I guess that leads to my question is like we don't really have much debt.


We have about $1,500. We have about three months of our expenses saved up. And, I was just basically trying to figure out like it feels like we're not saving anything any month, but I don't know if that's because of us or What kind of debt do you have? We have like $1,500 in credit card. Both of our vehicles are paid off. We have about a $800 medical debt that we're paying off. Okay. So if you paid off the medical, you have savings right now you said you have three months of expenses saved? Yes. What's in savings? We have, we have 16,000 in our savings right now. It's fantastic. As well as What are you doing hanging onto the debt?


Why not just pay off? I mean you got 2300 in debt, you have 16 grand. Yeah, pay it off today. I guess it's just kind of scary watching that money go away. It's scary watching your money go to lenders every month. Yeah. Yeah, that's true too. I'm actually wasting money making these payments when you actually can get rid of it right away. Yeah. And 22% interest on that credit card. That scares me. And. I. Just for information here, how much are you saving on a given month? I mean it really depends on if, Give me An average. I want you to come on man. Your last three months, gimme an average. What do you think?


Saving from just our income? Yeah, probably basically zero. Well then how did you get the $16,000 saved up? We actually saved it up probably a few years ago and we've been dipping into it. It was actually more than that at One point. So you're telling me right now you guys are paycheck to paycheck as far as expenses, you have nothing left over when you pay everything? We aren't necessarily paycheck to paycheck after everything is paid, but I mean after like all the bills and groceries and stuff come out, we probably have anywhere between 104 hundred a week. Well, 400 a week that that's 1600 bucks a month.


You could be saving So, I. I think what's happened is you just, you're new to the plan. You guys are just new to paying attention to where your money's going and you're going making pretty good money, but it's disappearing and that's where the budget comes into play. So I'm gonna gift you EveryDollar. I prefer that over a spreadsheet. 'cause I don't know if I'm what your wife is like, my wife ain't looking at Excel. But if we have EveryDollar and we're both logged into it now we're talking, we can get on the same page. So I'll gift you that. But the other p piece I want Ken to speak to is the income. Is your wife working full-time? Yes she is. Why is she only bringing home two grand a month? Because she works for the state. Well she, a lot of the money in her paycheck goes towards like insurance for us and our kids.


And what's Her gross, I guess her what's her gross, what's her gross income and what position is she in? She's, I don't really know what you would call the position. She works in child support, but her gross is probably around 38. Yeah. And so is that, is that 38 to 40? Yeah. And so she's just kind of capped, there's not a lot of room for promotion and, and even with a promotion in that it's just not that much money from a state job. So she's, she's what I would call George A. Little bit capped. What I'm curious is is Craig, what's been your income, gimme the last two years as an electrician, what you've made gross Anywhere from mid thirties to I'm in the forties now.


Okay, Craig, I'm gonna ask a question and it, it's, it's, I'm, I'm shocked. Are you early on in the trade and are you not, are you not seeing that? There's massive opportunities for electricians now all across the country, but certainly in Texas. I'm about three years in, but we live in a pretty rural area. Okay. We're not actually in Dallas. Oh, I see. So, okay, so but you feel like you're, you, you've got your best option right now. There's no upward mobility or can, dare I say, you picking up 20 hours of side jobs for people and, and making some money there. I understand you're in a very small rural area, but are you capped out as an electrician where you are?


With where I'm at right now? I think I'm on the upper end of it with where we live. Are you, are you, are you married to staying in this rural remote location? We're pretty invested here. We're right next to all of our family. We grew up in this area and we bought our house here and our kids will go to get school Right across the road. I get it. So here's the deal. The only way you make more income is if you actually start doing some stuff on the side. Yeah. So that's a viable option here to get ahead. You don't have to do this forever, but if you want to get ahead more income into a budget that George is telling you to, so here, here's what we're getting at disciplined budget and let's bring in some more income.


If we can bring in an additional $20,000 a year, that's significant. Is it not? Yeah, for sure. Well that's less than two grand a month for a guy who's a working electrician, I I don't think I'm painting too high of a goal, am I? No, I don't think so. All right, so let's get a bigger goal. So if the number's 30 or 40 or 50 using George's discipline in the budget here, that he's, you guys are gonna be in great shape And you need to prioritize savings. It's not Well if there's something left over that'd be nice. It's nope, we're putting, we're covering our four walls, food, utilities, housing, transportation, insurance. Beyond that we are putting money away in savings. We're gonna invest it in a Roth IRA if she has a employer retirement program, we're gonna put money away there.


And part of this is just also deciding we're never gonna go into debt again 'cause it's robbing from our future and we're trying to build for the future. Yeah. And so that's one line in the sand on top of the budget, on top of getting the income up and making savings a priority. I don't think this house is what's killing you guys. I agree. Okay, well that's, that's definitely a plus. 'cause we really love where we live. And, I can tell we're gonna trying of make it work how we can. Yeah. So and by the way, the numbers you gave George were correct not the numbers in your spreadsheet. Is that right? Yes. Okay then. So he ran the numbers, you're fine on that. And Excel lied to you. So go, go check out EveryDollar, it's gonna be much easier to use you, you type in your income at the top for the month.


You lay out all of your expenses for the month. It'll show you if it's an EveryDollar budget, meaning income minus expenses equals zero. You wanna give EveryDollar a job And that includes the savings goals, the giving goals, the spending goals, And, I think you guys can make this work in a rural area. It doesn't sound like you're living a lavish lifestyle outta control. No, we just need to dial a few things in. And again, this is a great example of some people who, by the way I love this, you know, they go, this is where we wanna be. So when you're in a smaller rural area, you are limiting your income possibility. So then you're gonna have to deal with that. And maybe you have to do some things different for a short season. But that is a reality. So you know, at that point you gotta be very, very creative. But I think the budget and they're gonna be okay.


I really do. They were able to save up money before they can do it again. Alright, thank you for the call, Craig. Alright, don't move when we come back. The one issue that every American should come together on and vote for this November. I'll unpack it next.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey good folks. The Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first. And that means that I have to do the things that keep me well in whole And I. Know that you have to do those same things too, so don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself, and most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos and this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back America. This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win with money, winning your work and winning your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel joins me and I've been telling you about this throughout the show. And so here we go. We are in a, we have some international folks with us today, by the way. We have some folks from Israel, Australia and Scotland. And so I'm sure they're paying attention to the unbelievable headlines that we've seen come out of our political coverage. I mean, what a month July has been Hello? An assassination attempt and then a sitting president deciding to bow out of a reelection race.


You just don't see those headlines and it's been crazy. And so obviously the election is coming in November, George and I think there's one singular issue that The, Ramsey Show needs to be addressing. I think there's one singular issue that Americans on the left, Americans on the right, Americans in the middle, all parties, all face, all creeds. I think this one issue should be the dominant issue in this election. And George, I'm I'm sad And I am a bit worried that it's not. And so we're gonna unpack it today.


What a tease. Can I just say that was, Well let me tell you something. It is a growing problem and it is growing by the second. The issue that I believe that the American people should unite on is the national debt. Here we are at Ramsey Solutions where for decades we have helped people get outta debt and and we talk about it through scripture, we talk about it through grandma's common sense ways. We talk about it through the baby steps and, and, and it, it is such a freeing thing for individuals when we, we talk to them, George, across the studio and into the lobby on the debt free stage. And we hear their stories and they, they culminate their story of getting outta debt by screaming, I'm debt free.


And, and we talk to people and say, what does it feel like? And it, it just, it just is such an unbelievable part of our show. So we must discuss the national debt and we have a massive audience and So, I'm asking this audience to hang with us for a few minutes here as I discussed the national debt and actually why it should be bothering you because there are five specific outcomes that would affect you and me and George if we were to default on the national debt, which I think Which we've come dangerously close to. By the way, this is not like a thing that Oh it'll never happen. Yeah, we've been on the precipice multiple Times.


We have. And we've also seen the national debt explode. I asked the team as we speak, the national debt is growing so they're gonna throw it on the screen for our listing on this. The National debt calculator. We are right now George at $34,960 billion in debt and it continues to go up there. Literally if you're watching right now, you can see it on the screen if you're listening. This is out there. They have this at bus stops in Washington DC by the way, where it's literally going and it's a ticker. This is like the opposite of Xanax. This is very anxiety inducing. Yeah. So we are, you just see those numbers grow at that alarming rate. We Are just, And we owe money to a lot of people.


A hundred percent. So, which Puts us in a precarious Position. Right. So before I break down the five factors though, the five ways this will affect you, I want you to understand something. The reason that we, the people you, me George, we just don't pay attention to this, is 'cause we somehow think the federal government's got this ultimate insurance policy or that they're all gonna come together at the last moment of crisis and figure it out. But folks, if you pay attention to the headlines year in and year out, we see congress deal with what we call raising the debt ceiling. They aren't doing anything about, it's Like raising your credit card limit every year because you can't Exactly Right. Spending under computer. So here we are on the doorstep of $35 trillion. Now some of you think this is not an issue, Ken, you're being a little dramatic 'cause it's The, Ramsey, Show.


No I'm not. Here we go. Five very personal outcomes. If the American people don't do something, say something. And I'm gonna tell you at the end by the way, what we can do, there is a very practical way to deal with this. But first, how would it affect you George? number one, interest rates would spike through the roof. The reason for this is because investors, hello countries that have loaned us money effectively investing in the American economy would demand higher returns because of the risk, because of the default. So the cost to borrow goes way up For everybody and everything. You think interest rates, you think interest rates are uncomfortable.


Now we're talking about double digit interest rates overnight. So credit card interest rates, mortgage interest rates, student loan interest rates, right? Car loans, Everything. Number two, the stock market would probably experience a significant volatility. Think am I saying crash? I can't guarantee this massive decline in the stock market. What does that mean to you? Tell 'em George, what does that mean to them? Well when people get spooked, including the big time investors, they sell off their equities and when they sell it off the stock price goes down. But How does it affect the, the average American person? Well You look at your 401k and we all remember, you know that retirement eight crisis or whatever, you know, we saw this just a few years ago. They went, that's right.


My retirement just got cut in half because of what just happened with the market. Right? Number three, you think inflation has been bad over the last couple of years. If we default on the national debt, inflation skyrockets, everything skyrockets. It's nasty, it's ugly. You're talking about depression era issues. Really, really ugly. Really, really scary. Number four government services a default could co could force the government to cut spending. Some of you go, eh, it's about time until you think of the social unrest of government entitlements and government programs being Slashed and social Security and not being able to be delivered.


That's exactly right. So you just think about that. And then the fifth factor is unemployment. Now you're talking about depression era stuff where where literally people could not get jobs. There were not jobs to be had. So am I painting a bleak picture? Sure. But it is a picture that must be painted for us to understand that while we here at The, Ramsey Show are saying, Hey control what you can control and get rid of your debt. Let me just tell you something, George And I are debt free and we would be affected dramatically by our government defaulting on its debt. We are racing towards 40 and $50 trillion of debt folks.


And all it takes is one major country who we have a lot of debt with to call the debt end and the very story that draws people to Dave Ramsey could happen to this country. This is not a joke. So why do I bring it up? Because we have a massive audience and we have a massive responsibility in this election year. George, I am proposing that the issue that the American people get behind is removing the national debt, eliminating the debt and going a step further. So how do we do this? George asked me, he says, so what, what do we do? Well many states in the country have in their state constitution a requirement for a balanced budget. So I grew up in Virginia. That is one state where in the actual constitution of the state of the commonwealth of Virginia, you have to balance the budget.


AKA, you can't spend more than you're making as A state as in this, this ticker the team just put up here where we're barreling towards $35 trillion can't happen. And so how would we do this if we the people to Congress, to our senators demanded a balanced budget amendment? Because it would take that kind of support. The American people would've to be in absolute unity in massive numbers. And then you can get an amendment to the constitution. I won't do a whole discourse on how to do that. So we need like a national rice and beans type diet here we to spend less than we make, which we joke about Congress, you know, spending like crazy writing new bills. That's Right. I think we of people need to say, you know what, instead of fighting over social issues and fighting over, you know, insults and accusations, we ought to go, you know what the thing that threatens us the most is the actual national debt.


And and we need an amendment to the constitution. And for people can going, you guys, this is, this is far more complicated than you're giving credit to. It really is this simple. We are spending more than we're taking in. It's that simple. That's how we got here. I could take Mr. Campbell to Washington And I could have George in a room, Get me on the floor, Ken, with all of the bean counters in the federal government. And George could actually balance the budget. I know you could. We could take EveryDollar and hand it over to our bureau. I think, I think EveryDollar would break if we put 35 trillion into our debt category. So there it is folks, I bring this up because I think you shouldn be paying attention to this. A balanced budget amendment to the US Constitution would in fact force the politicians to get our country debt free.


That would let us all sleep well at night. Why don't we think about it? Let's think about it. Tell us what you think. One more thing. Yeah, I yield my time. I think I already made you yield it whether you wanted to or not. This is The Ramsey Show. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show America. My fellow Americans. I did, I forgot to say that to start off the rant, the last segment I was hoping you weave in constituents. Well I'm, I can't. It's one of my favorites. Oh, instead of listeners. Yeah, It's a little stuffy. Hey let's get to the phone's. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. He's George Kamel, I'm Ken Coleman. Thrilled to have you with us.


Daniel starts us off in this segment in Houston, Texas. Daniel, how can we help? Hey, thank you for taking my call. You bet. So the dilemma I have right now is that me and my girlfriend are looking to buy a house within the next year, probably starting summer 2025. And we're debating whether to go the conventional route or go the FHA route that Grant Cardone and many other real estate gurus preach. Yeah, you had me at Grant Cardone Guru. Okay. What is causing you to wanna buy a house when you don't have any money? I'm sorry. What is causing you to jump into So I Guess because FHA loans, so my, my girlfriend First Time home buyers, you are broke.


My girlfriend's gonna graduate from college around May of next year, May, 2025. And depending where she gets a job, that's where we'll be looking to buy a house and sell down. Okay. And why, what's the urgency to buy a house versus rent until you have enough money to do this with a little bit more peace and equity. The fear of I guess throwing money down the drain Else. Let me paint you a different picture of fear. You move into this house with an FHA loan, meaning you have to borrow the rest of the money 'cause you're putting basically nothing down with these loans. That's right. Now you have a giant mortgage that you can't afford that's 64% of your take home pay and you don't have money to pay the rest of your bills.


Do you see that side of the fear? I do. I do. And now the problem is you get, your risk meter gets broken when you follow these gurus out there who are saying, bro, here's how you can get, you get this house and you're gonna rent it out. You're gonna buy 10 more houses by the time you're 30 you'll have a hundred houses and you're gonna, that's pretty much what they're saying out there. Am I correct? Yes sir. Okay. So we gotta turn off those inputs 'cause they are not there to bless us. They're there to, they, they want you to buy a course and go to the 10 x event where you're gonna 10 x your mindset and all this crap, right? So that you Can have a yacht too. It's important when I Point that out. So that aside, here's my, my beef with, with the FHA loan.


So the, this is a federal housing administration loan. It allows people who don't qualify for a conventional mortgage to still become homeowners. So you can put as little as 3.5% down and they have more lenient credit requirements and allow a higher debt to income ratio. Here's the problem. Those borrowers are required to pay an upfront mortgage insurance premium MIP of 1.75% and an annual premium of anywhere from 0.15% upwards of 0.75% for the life of the loan. The only way to remove that is to put more than 10% down. Even then you still have it for 11 years. And so there's a lot of downsides here and most people that are trying to do these loans are simply not in a place financially to make home ownership a blessing instead of a burden.


And I want you to do this the right way and another way you're gonna do it the the right way is with not buying a house with someone you're not married to. We have seen too many times, Daniel, on this show where people call in and say, Hey, I bought a house with my girlfriend, it didn't work out and now it's super messy because it's like who gets to keep the house and how much equity, 'cause I put this much down and she didn't, do you see where this could go south? Yes, absolutely. And so number one, I would rent, I'm not gonna comment on your situation, but until you're married, I would not buy a house together. Okay? Can you promise me that, sir? For the, for the good of the group. Okay. And number two, don't buy a house until you're debt free with an emergency fund and a solid down payment.


I'm not saying you have to have 20%, but you have to have enough that you've got some skin in the game to where you're not underwater on this house when you move in. Okay, now I I do a follow up. What is And? I understand you just said not 20%, but at least enough what is, define the sweet spot at which point you're not, you know, I'm not missing out on the cost of opportunity on taking extra money and investing it in the SP 500 or et cetera of a list of other, Do you have any debt? I have about $20,000 of student debt. Okay. How much money do you have saved? 50,000. Great. Why aren't we paying off the student loans today?


Because Lemme guess the opportunity cost of investing that in the market. Yes sir. What's the interest on your student loans? About 4.6%. Okay. And the month the 50 grand is in a savings account making 4.7%. No, it's in the market. Well it's, it's Then you don't have 50,000 saved. You're playing with $50,000. If the market goes down 20% this year, you don't have $50,000. Okay. So that, that one alone frightens me that you have nothing in liquid cash. So here's what I would do if I was in your shoes. This is one man's opinion, but this is the Ramsey plan that millions have followed to a path of peace.


Instead of a path of what? 10 xing your mindset. Here's what you're gonna do. You're going to sell enough investments to pay off the student loans. You're gonna sell enough investments to give you a three to six month emergency fund. And then whatever's left becomes your home down payment fund. And you're gonna move that into a high yield savings account. Because you told me a house is not a five plus year goal. It's like a one plus year goal, right? That's Right. Let's play this out. Election's coming up. Everyone freaks out. Stock market takes a dip. You're 50 turned into 30 temporarily, but still you wanna buy a house next year. Now you're, you thought your down payment was gonna be 50, now it's 30. That sucks, doesn't it? Yes it Does.


And so I'm trying to give you a path of peace where you're moving slower, but you're actually gonna get to where you want to go without falling flat on your face. So I know, I sound like the old guy in the room. Daniel, I think you're a real sharp guy. The fact that you're, you've come this far, you've saved this much. You're investing. I love that you want to grow your wealth, but there's a few prerequisites here that I think you should knock out. Yeah. And, and Daniel, I'll just, I'll just add this. George said it, but I i I just want to drive this point home by keeping this student loan out there and just keeping it like it's a pet and then putting all that money in the stock market, you know, you've doubled your risk and you've not removed any risk. You're not playing the smart, you've actually doubled your risk.


'cause you could lose that money. As George said, some money, any money to me is so ridiculously risky And you still have the student loan hanging onto you, dragging it around for years and years and years. So I would just really implore you to think through that and, and 'cause that's not what you're hearing on TikTok and Instagram because by the way, we're not selling you a course to tell you that. We're telling you now And I just think it's really important not to get wrapped up in that you, you're looking at the short, short-term gain and you're not looking at the long-term play and the long-term play is you're gonna be wealthy if you get rid of all the debt in your life and, and, and you got a house.


That's an appreciating asset and there's no risk in any of those moves. None. So I. Hope you understand that. I really do. 'cause I know that's counter-cultural is what we're saying. I understand. I Understand. Alright, I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking Free from Broke Daniel in there. I unpack credit scores, credit cards, student loans, mortgages including the FHA loan and all of that. And then I'll show you that path that I'm talking about. And I hope that I convince you to go down that path because I don't want you calling back saying, I bought a house with my girlfriend. It was an FHA loan. We're underwater on this thing. We're breaking up.


What the heck do I do? And we're, we're probably gonna take that call in the next hour. So this is not a, you know, crazy, you know, land. This is gonna happen. This is a reality that we face. And I just want more for you than that. So if anyone out there they wanna buy a home the right way, you want to make this a blessing and not a burden, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. Our team has created a hub with tons of Free Tools, tons of free resources to help you reach your home goals. Whether you're wanting to buy, you have a home, you're wanting to sell, you wanted buy investment property, you wanna find a great real estate agent, we have it all in one place for you, including some great calculators as well. So be sure to check that out. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


You know, it just occurs to me because I think he was absolutely, you know, processing what we're telling him. Don't know if he'll do it. Don't know if he agrees with this. He was processing it, but it is so not fun compared to what he presented us with what he has heard up to this point is so much more exciting. It's not sexy and fun and it's like ooh, ooh ooh. But it is not a great long-term play and it is rife with risk and yet it's being packaged as you're an idiot if you don't do this. And that's what's really tricky about this stuff. So there's a lot Of ways to go about this, but we found this way actually works no matter who you are, what your income is. Yeah, but you gotta get your risk meter back intact.


There you go. Good hour. George Kamel, I'm Ken Coleman. This is The Ramsey Show, welcome America to The. Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman George. Kamel is with me and we are here for you.


Let's get us started with Natalie in Miami, Florida. Natalie, how can we help today? Hi guys. I'm in a major bind with my husband. We were doing pretty well at one point. And, I guess with everything that's going on with the world. His business is not doing as well. I, I don't work because I just had a baby and my husband is doing terrible at his job and now he has to do Uber. We have financial peace university, we know about saving and putting money away but we don't have the money to, I want to work but we feel as though bringing my child to to childcare would be an extra expense.


We just don't know what to do at this point. Sure. Tell us about, what do you mean when you say he's not doing well at his job? Does he own his own business? Yes. He used to be a property acquisition. He used to do prop property acquisition. He worked in like real estate. He sold and bought land and he was doing very well. At one point he was doing about 200 k or so a month, or I'm sorry, a year. But now I guess no one wants to buy. I am not really sure how that works. But no one's really buying anything and he is just hasn't closed, he only closed one deal this year. And I, think April and it was like 15 K that used to be consistent but now it's not.


So we've only had one closing and it is just, it's just been really, really bad for us. Yeah, well he's got some experience in real estate, correct? Yes. He in Sales. In sales too. I, I just would, if, if he was on the phone, the first thing I'd say to him is, is listen man, the, the economy and demand can change. Something has happened there, but, but And, I, And, I honor him, Natalie for jumping in the car and driving Uber. But it's just a horrible exchange for money for his time when he's got so much transferable experience and skill. And I think he's gotta be looking at high paying sales jobs or at least jobs that have higher levels of commission.


He just has so much more to offer both of you and his ability to earn money and Uber is not it. So the first thing is you guys have an income issue, not a budget problem because you're down to one income and it's a very small income. Correct? Right. And we have a high debt too. We have like 460,000 in debt. So what kind of debt is that? So Credit cards, we have our home, we have a heloc. How much of the four 60 is your home? 217,000. And what about the heloc?


149,000. Wow. And I have student loans too. Okay. Yeah. Like he got the HELOC out to try And I, don't know, make it work for his business. But it failed. Yeah. So now it's like we're all Well He made a very risky move. Yeah. And it didn't pan out because life happens. He's regretting it. Now do You have family around you all? We don't. That's another tough issue. What's your home worth? I don't know. I think he said like 400 or 500,000. Okay, so you guys have, you know, 2, 2 50, maybe 300 in equity in the home, which is good.


What are you doing to pay the bills now? How much money do you guys have in savings? We don't have a savings. We use it all up because we haven't gotten any closings or anything in the past Ago. So are you living off of credit cards right now? No, we are very behind on everything. So you can't make any payments? Barely. Are you gonna lose the house I right now? I don't know. What were you doing for work before you were staying at home with the baby? I was an underwriter. I was a full-time underwriter. And What were you making For commercial lines about?


This was like six years ago. I haven't worked in six years. Oh, okay. But back then I was making about So you, you were home before you guys even had kids? Yeah, after my first child he just said, you know, stay home, you know. Okay. So you have, this is your second okay. Yeah. Okay. I, I'm okay George, I'm gonna give it over to you but I gotta jump in really quickly here. Natalie, you are going to have to get very innovative and creative with childcare. I agree it's not a daycare because it's gonna end up eating up a lot of the money, if not most of what you would go earn. But you guys need to get involved in a church. You need to get involved in you neighbors, you gotta talk to anybody and everybody you know say is there a grandmother that's looking to make a little bit of extra cash because you are going to have to get back to work.


You guys are an an absolute salute, big time emergency and you have to work, which means you find somebody older. My wife And I did. This is why I'm giving you an example. Somebody who's not looking to make a bunch of money off of you but would be, would be very happy to take care of kiddos. You're, you're not worried about 'em. 'cause you know they're in good hands with a grandmama or somebody like that who's, who's raised children and you know her and trust her and she takes care of the babies for a fraction of the cost of daycare. But you have got to work and he's gotta get out of Uber. He's only Ubering the graveyard shift. He's not sleeping, he's working two and three jobs but he's gotta take that sales experience and go get a sales job immediately.


George And I don't see daycare as an at expense or childcare. If you're making 4,000 and daycare costs 1500, well you still have 2,500 bucks that put food on the table. And so yeah you're right. If you're not making that much to where it's just a wash, it may not be worth it. But I would want to see you go make 50 grand back in the underwriting world or whatever you were doing, whatever your skills transferred to or else They're gonna have to sell this house. Yeah. And then what That's the worst case scenario is we sell the house, we pay off all of our debt and we rent once we have a foundation under us of debt free with an emergency fund. But I think you guys, your world just got rocked. You were living La Vita Loca spending, enjoying your life. Big lifestyle and we have to choose reality, which is that life.


We gotta grieve that life. It is over for now. Maybe we'll be there again one day, And I think you will be. But for now we gotta live like broke college kids and just make ends meet, cover four walls, food, utility, shelter, transportation, insurance and the rest of the debts. If you can't make the payments, you can't make the payments, the credit cards tell 'em, Hey we don't have money right now. We can't pay you. Here's what we can do. But the big thing here is your house. You can't get behind on this mortgage. What's the payment every month? 24 52 I believe. Okay, so if you guys aren't consistently bringing home 8, 9, 10 grand, this house is not gonna be sustainable on top of your other bills. But I think the key for you guys is looking at reality.


It's scary at first but if you list it all out in EveryDollar, which I'll gift you guys, that's our treat. One year of EveryDollar premium to help you through this. You're gonna list your income, your expenses then begins the work of going, what can we cut from this budget? And the truth is pretty much everything. Yeah, very little is necessary right now when we're in this phase. And then we're gonna look at making more. So how can we spend less? How can we make more? And Natalie, we're also going to, we're gonna give you one session with one of our financial coaches here in the building or wherever. We're going to put you with the financial coach, one of our coaches because you need to be able to go beyond this phone call. We can't walk through the minutia of some of the steps you're gonna have to take.


So if you'll meet, agree to meet with one of our coaches, hang on the line and we'll cover the cost. We'll cover the cost of a financial coach to help you out. But you guys can do this. But we're talking about the mindset is absolutely We are in a five alarm fire and we've got to get out of the fire. We don't sit there and think about the fire. We get out with everything we've got. We're here with you. This is The, Ramsey Show, welcome back to The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number.


All right. So George, I think I know the answer to this, but would you tell people to be on the sidelines right now if they're thinking about buying or selling a house? Or would you tell 'em to be in the game If you're financially ready to step into it, do it. Don't wait for the market. Good. So I knew that was the answer but I thought I'd tee you up. You know I don't wanna put words in your mouth. You Made me look like a hero, Ken. Thank you. Well absolutely.


And So I wanna tell you about our Ramsey trusted program so that you can find an agent you can trust to keep you on track with what we teach here at Ramsey and get you the best offer if you're selling and find the right house if you are shopping. And so we'll send you to some of the top agents in your area who we trust. We've vetted them and then you get to interview them and you decide who you want to work with. These Ramsey trusted agents have years of experience. They're gonna help you make the right decision. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent, that's, if you're looking for that agent, for either one of those options, it's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Go check it out.


Alright, Detroit, Michigan is where we go next. Anthony is on the line. Anthony, how can we help? Hi, how's it going? Good, how are you? Good, good. So my question is, are my wife and i's mortgages up for renewal in about six weeks and we're gonna have just about enough to pay it off. And the question is, should we pay it off and leave ourselves with almost nothing just for a little bit? Or should we wait? What does almost nothing actually mean We are gonna be left with around like just a few hundred dollars after we pay it off.


We were thinking maybe we could, yeah, That's a little tight from my liking. Now if you said, hey, we're gonna go down to about three months of an emergency fund in order to pay off the house, I'd say go for it. But anything less than that I start to get, you know, just a little sweat on the brows. There's just no reason to take that kind of risk. Take it right to the edge. You're so close. How much longer would it take you if you did what George said and just said okay, we'll back it down to three months. Emergency fund. Well I don't know how the bank would allow us to set up that remortgage. Tell me about this renewal. You said the mortgage renews. Oh yeah, that's interesting. What is that? I've only heard about this in Canada.


Yes, I'm actually located in Canada. That explains it. So it's like you you, you have this rate for five years and then it moves to the market rate the next five years. That how it works. Exactly. Yep. Okay, so why not just you, you have the new mortgage at the new rate and then you knock it out in a few months. It would, they would make us do at least one full year. You have to make one year of payments before paying it off early. Yeah. You wouldn't be able to pay off the lump sum until the year's up. What? Is there a penalty if you do, what's the stipulation there? They won't take your money. Yeah, yeah. There would just you, you'd have to do like the full full year of of the interest payments.


That's the dumbest thing I've ever Heard. That's the penalty essentially as one full year of interest. Well you know what's left on the loan at that point. Let's say you put as much down as you could, you left three months of expenses. What's left on the new mortgage? Probably like on like five. Five to 10 grand. Okay, so five to 10 grand. The interest may not be all that much. Even if you pay The, oh it would probably be at around a 5% rate. Okay. So we're talking like a few hundred bucks. Oh let's, alright, that's the work around there George. So If that's the penalty is you pay a few hundred bucks, I'm okay with that to leave you with peace instead of at risk where one emergency. 'cause that's when the emergency hits. You know that Right?


Soon as you go down to a few hundred bucks you have the car repair, the broken tooth, whatever it is. And So I. That's what I would do if I was in your shoes. I'd pay down as much as I could before the mortgage renews. Leave three months of expenses in that savings account and then knock it out as soon as you can. And you, you pay the penalty. 'cause that's Canada for you man. I don't know what they're doing over there. I Tell you what he it's just wacky. Wacky George. That is wacky Anthony. But I'm proud of you man. Well that's amazing. You're well done. You're so close to complete debt freedom. Well done. Well done. I love that. Especially in Canada, which I dunno if you've seen the prices in Canada and the homes and the mortgages, but it's outta control. So to be a debt-free homeowner in Canada I think is the ultimate flex. Yeah.


What's going on? What's going on up there? They're like, Milk is $17 a gallon Ken. It's Crazy. But they got the healthcare They brag about but they got, that's always their thing. They're going hey but it's free healthcare. Yeah. I dunno. Can't afford to live. But When we die we're gonna have great healthcare. That's all I hear from Canadians is how expensive housing is up there. Yeah. So thinking of all my Canadian friends. Yeah. Going through it. Old Canada. I see where you're going with that again. You see what I did there? Let's go to Portland, Oregon where Rachel is waiting. Rachel how can we help? Hi. Yeah, I'm calling in today 'cause I've got a question related to whether or not you shouldn go back to school or what my husband and you shouldn do planning for kind of going ahead and whether or not I choose to leave my current job and go back to school full time.


The biggest thing is I'm looking to expend my career end up in a position where I'm gonna be making almost double the income that I'm making now. If I return to school and do this three year program, tell us What this is three year program to be able to become what I'm currently a nurse. I'd be going back to school for nurse anesthesia. Oh, okay. Gotcha. And do you have the money for this three year program? No much. How much is it Altogether? It's gonna be about 147,000. Ooh Wow. What school? It's OHSU. Are there any more affordable schools that offer the same program?


The big issue is there aren't a lot of programs on the west coast. OHSU is the only program in the state of Oregon. If I chose to, I would have to go out of state for a different school. So you're telling me if you want to be in nurse anesthesia, you've got to go to this exact school And pay $140,000. If I didn't wanna leave my home and my husband for three Years, yes. Right. We right. Wow. No, we, we understand it. It's just amazing that that's your the Only option. That's pretty rare. Yeah, I mean I can go, I mean with healthcare the beautiful thing is I can go a lot of different routes but for my career this is kind of where I wanted to go next step. Sure, I get that. And listen, nursing, I get it.


And. I want you to go after the thing that you want. I mean that's my whole thing that I've, that I'm always espousing. my question is, is there a path that would involve a hospital or hospital system paying you or paying the tuition because they need someone like you? Is that an option? I think in more rural areas states you can move to my current state. My current position doesn't offer that My, the hospital I work for would pay a percentage but it would be minimal at best. My husband And I, we do make the kind of income and we've spoken about this that we would be able between now and when I started school, we could probably put away about $75,000.


Wow. But we'd only be able to come up about with about half the money. What Is it all due? What was That? All three years wouldn't be due upfront. Would No we, we'd be able to pay yearly but I will most likely would have to stop working. And so the big issue is that in the year before I start school right now while I'm working full-time, we would be able to save the money. Got it. But we wouldn't be able to save any more Once, once You're in school, that's an income. You couldn't continue to cash flow. And sorry, I spoke over George, Rachel and that's why you couldn't understand this. my question is, you're gonna save the 70 5K in a year. Is that what I heard you say? It's a little over a year.


Alright. So how long would it take you to save up the entire one 40? It would probably be just shy of two years. Maybe If I'm you and you are not gonna like this answer, But if I'm you, I wait. And, I, And, I. And here's why. I think if you make the mental decision to say, you know what, I'm not gonna go into debt. I'm gonna walk into this new career where I can make double and I'm not gonna owe a cent no stress. Just the work. I love the results that matter deeply to me. And And, I, And, I don't have any stress with the money. I think that if you were to commit to that and say, okay, we think it's gonna take us two years, I think the human spirit somehow rises up.


And, I. Think you beat the two year mark and if I told you to wait a year and a half and it would be free, it wouldn't have any debt. Would you wait a year and a half? Yeah. Then I think you can wait two years, George. Okay, I'm with you on this. I love this plan. And that patience is gonna pay dividends. 'cause all of your fellow nurse anesthetists are gonna be like, what? Debt free. I got 200 grand in debt. How'd you do it? I'll tell you what you're gonna be doing. You're gonna get in the car after a, after a day of helping people, saving lives, making lives better, you're gonna get in the car and go home and have zero stress with money and paying off 140,000. Let's go dollars with interest.


Wait. It'll be worth it. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel is alongside and we are here for you to help you win with your money, win your work, and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five eight eight eight two five. five two two five. From George Kamel to George in Atlanta. George, how can we help go? Hey, thank you guys for taking my call. So I've been on a string of doing dumb stuff. And, I am trying to get a second opinion before potentially doing something else that's dumb.


Oh wow. This is a great setup, George. I like a self-aware person doing dumb stuff. That's good. That's good stuff. And before you ask the question on, on how dumb do you think it is right this very moment before you get our opinion As it is, I don't think it's a dumb idea. I've been watching you guys show for a long time on, I'm on baby step three of the baby steps. Well, I'm working through baby step three right now. Sure. Okay. I haven't completed it as yet. So you have no debt? And I? No, I don't have any debt. Okay. Well no, that's, that's actually not true. I do have debt. That's actually what, Let's start with honesty, George. I have a car loan. Okay, well then How could step, how could you be on baby step three if you have a car payment? Well, yeah, you're right about that.


I, I, well I do have the money in savings that I could pay off the car loan, but I haven't paid off the car loan, hence my dumb stuff here. So I'm trying to get a bit of Organization. Well I feel like George, we're off to a little bit of a dumb and dumber start here. Yeah. Relationships are built on trust George, so we need you to be vulnerable. Yep. Yeah. so What is your question? Yeah, Well my question is this. So since the past year or so, you know, just a string of crazy stuff I've taken on extra responsibilities. My, in my income is like hald. I was making $110,000, you know, when I had my transportation business running.


But you know, contractual stuff changed and you know, they wanted a whole new fleet of stuff. I had a house that I ended up having to sell, you know, because it was just, you know, way too much to afford after like my income changed. So you Bought too much house. Your business has sort of, you know, take, taken a big dip. Yeah. What is your income now? Yeah, $50,000. Okay, so $50,000. So huge change, you know, in, in income still Working for yourself or is that somebody else paying it? No, So as it is right now, I have a, you know, and that's another thing too, even the sense of school, right. Luckily I got out of college debt, but right now I work as an IT technician.


I have a bachelor's degree. Even though that's not making too much money on it. Sure. What's your question, George Question. I wanna make sure we get to it. Yep, Yep. my question is, so right now I have my car that is the car's worth 28,000 loans, 40,000. So, you know, using those numbers and I'm thinking, do I take, I have about $50,000, $10,000 in liquid cash, 40,000 in the market. And I'm thinking do I, you know, as it is right now, you know, put the difference, get rid of the car and just buy, you know, like a used card and that way I won't have a car payment.


Yes. That's very smart George. Is That, thats the smartest thing you've said so far. It's the only smart thing you've said So far. Well that's a far, okay. What is option number two? Well, option number two is you know, keep the car and continue making the car payments. But the only issue with that is on $50,000, you know, the car payment insurance and other bills like it's not making any sense. I would agree. So Option one George, we're George And. I are picking door number one for you. Okay. Number one. So you, the car is worth 28, you owe 40, let's sell it for top dollar and the difference you have in cash. And then we're gonna buy ourselves a very reasonable used car. We're talking about like a $10,000 car.


So liquidate some of your investments for that. And now with the money left over, which you said you have like 40 K in the market, we're gonna liquidate all of it because you need an emergency fund. This is, you're never going into debt again. Fund Right Now we're at a different place. Think about this. You're completely debt free, no payments. You have an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. Now any future income we can use to build wealth and invest, There's that. So that this is a complete reset but it's gonna be happening very quickly because you're actually in a really good spot because you have all this money sitting out there, you're just not doing the right things with it. And now you'll actually be in baby step four. By the way, we actually define them George.


Exactly. Yeah. That so what is your, what's your car payment? What are you paying all in for this car every month Right now on this car payment, I'm paying seven 50 woo Plus insurance. Yeah, I know insur, iur insurance is just crazy. It's $500 for insurance. Why Is your insurance so I? I have no idea. The only thing that I could hear from the insurance companies when I call is that state whatever they got going on. Insurance is high Mail.


You need to reach out. You need $6,000 a Year. As soon as you're off the phone. Yeah, you're gonna reach out to our friends at Xandr and they're gonna res shop your insurance. 'cause you are way overpaying and you're getting hosed. I think so too. Unless you've been in a thousand wrecks and this is a luxury vehicle. I have not, I have zero accidents. Okay. $500 a month. I got, yeah, I literally have heartburn right now. It's my Oh And they told me that's on the low end of things. Yeah. How did that happen? No, you're gonna go to xandr.com. They have independent agents who will shop across the top companies. You're not gonna be with these captive agents that, you know, I don't, I think someone's honestly lying to him. George Oh, My gosh, George. We're so close to doing things the right way, but I'm, you gotta just trust us on this that our way is gonna lead to a better life. We are unbiased, we just wanna help George. That's it.


Wow. Woo. That's a lot right there. I I am still having a hard time processing. That's his actual insurance. Six grand A year for one car. That's a lot. Yeah. Oh boy. I, I think By, I don't think I pay half of that for two cars. Yeah. But I will tell you as a father of two teenage boys, it's a racket what insurance is doing to boys and those of us who help with the insurance, it's unbelievable what they charge. Well yeah, I mean it's all about risk and the insurance world has gone crazy. I just got the update and you know, my insurance agent at Xandr said, Hey there's luckily your insurance isn't going up. Which is great considering a lot of people's insurance is going up.


Oh sure. Across home, auto, everything. Insurance is just crazy. I think there needs to be reform on that. How do we do that? Well again, it's lobbyists and getting a lobbyist outta dc getting some good people in Congress to go, Hey, at what point do we not get a better deal on our insurance? Yeah. You know what I mean? We're paying a lot in there and we're not using it that much. Come on. That's the whole point. Someone's Making big profits here. Big profits. Speaking of Washington, Washington DC is where Rachel joins us. Rachel, how can we help? Hi. I've been just like turned on into listening to y'all. So my question is, I'm trying to figure out how you shouldn go about clearing out some past debt that I had.


For some context I had to let about eight of my credit cards go to collections because I was having to pay for an attorney to go through family court. And so with that it tanked my credit score a lot and So I haven't been able to pay on those accounts and I've been trying to figure out is it worthwhile or is it in my best interest to begin calling them and set up a regular payment account to pay them off in full for what the balance was originally owed. Or if you shouldn settle and take the 10% or you know, try to offer them since, since on a dollar to see if that will help. Yes, you should try to settle with them and say, hey you, if the balance is 10,000, say listen, I got two grand.


Will you settle this in full and get it in writing that it is paid in full if I give you this $2,000 and you keep doing that across every creditor until this has knocked out, that's the right way to clean up this mess and get your your credit score back in tact. Now you know, if you've been listening to this show, we don't care about credit scores, but having a terrible score will hurt you financially. So as you pay off your debts, your score will improve over time and you get back to being on time with your payments. So do you have any money right now? No, I'm pretty stretch stand and I'm trying to figure out like what type of a side job that I could possibly pick up to try to help create some extra income so that I could be able to start offering some settlement For These accounts.


Okay, Well we're up against the clock, but you can go to George Kamel dot com slash side hustle. I've got a great quiz that's gonna point you in the right direction. We're also gonna send you Ken's book from paycheck to purpose to help you figure out some stable core income along the way. So hang on line, we'll send you those. But here's the deal. There's only two ways to do this, spend less and make more. And right now I think we need to do both to climb outta this and get back to some stable footing. Yeah, You can do it Rachel. We're gonna walk with you on this. Just a lot of intensity and intentionality and you will get on the other side of this. Thank you for the call. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel joins me. We're so excited you're with us. Our scripture today comes from Exodus 20 verses eight and nine, six days You shall Labor and do all your work. But the seventh day is a Sabbath to the Lord your God. And then our quote of the day from Mark Twain, don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. So Mark Twain would've been wildly offensive to all the whiners on TikTok who think they deserve a universal income. So I'd Love to see Mark Twain's TikTok. I think, I literally think it would be, it would combust. He'd get a follow from me. Yeah, Absolutely.


Alright, let's go to Connie now in Memphis, Tennessee. Connie, how can we help? Yes, I'm gonna try to get through this without crying. I lost my husband of 35 years. We were together almost 40 oh earlier this year. So sorry. And thank you. We were already at baby step seven. Everything now is paid for. I'm 61. So I plan to work until 65. Losing him really changed my perspective on a lot of things. And I've got Granddaddies I wanna spend time with and I want my time to be my own.


We have a little over, or his, the IRAs that we had are combined into my account now and I've got a little over a million in that and a pretty substantial 401k. Been with a very large hotel corporation and their legal department for since 95. So, you know, we were preparing ourselves for retirement. Hmm. But he had a life insurance policy and it's currently, I, I went to my local bank, And I bought myself some time by saying, you know, I was getting 1.05% And I ended up telling him, I really don't wanna move my money, but can I earn more than that?


And they said for 90 days they were gonna give me 5% So I know I've bought myself a little time, I do wanna make my money, I wanna be a good steward of this money. Absolutely. I don't enjoy spending it. Well Go ahead and move it after the 90 days. Absolutely. But I wasn't sure exactly where to, I want it to be accessible to me. Absolutely. I wanna be smart with it again, you know, I've, I've downloaded, I downloaded it. Sorry, you broke up a month ago. You downloaded what? I downloaded the app about a month ago. EveryDollar or Yes, the EveryDollar app. Great. So I know with spending and giving.


I've, I'm saving 500 a month. What is your actual income right now and are you still working for the large chain? I am working. Okay, so what You income? I'm working 72. Okay. And then do you have, what's the 401k amount? Is that above and beyond the IRA that you mentioned having a million in? Yes, it is 160. Okay, So your total nest egg, is that, is that everything? Yes. Okay. So we got a little over a Million with hundred 75 in insurance. They, the life insurance was 175. Okay. So let me give you a few tactical steps. And you got a paid four house, so you don't need any of this money right now, which is great.


And you're gonna continue to work, continue to invest. I would encourage you to try to max out all of your tax advantage retirement options that you have. I'm Putting 18% in 401k over. I've been doing that for a long time. Wonderful. So with this 175,000, number one, it's good temporarily in a savings account, but even then you may wanna invest this money into the market. And here's what that could turn into. You're 61, let's say you invest this into the market and a smart investor pro. If you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, click on Trusted Pros. They can help you invest this in the market in a way that's diversified and it can help you grow at market rates versus a savings account. And if you have seen the stock market this year, it's hitting record highs just back to back to back.


And so like my 401k is up 20%. And so over time what we've seen is the stock market, the s and p 500, the largest 500 companies have seen about a 10% average annual return when you look at the long term over decades. And so, 61 to 71 with that money parked 170 5K, you never add a dime. At 10% return, you'd have almost half a million dollars at 71 instead of 1 75. Hmm. So that will at least help add to your nest egg. And So I would encourage you if you don't need this money in the short term to invest it for the long term, and you already have the nest egg growing for you. And if, if we see 10% over the next 10 years, your money's gonna double. So that nest egg, the IRAs will go from 1 million to 2 million.


Wow. And So I think you're gonna be just fine if you can, you know, learn to live on a budget. It doesn't sound like your lifestyle's outta control. And so you're doing the right things. And I love that. You called in with this Question. I did, I did. One crazy thing, I, my my daughter and her husband have two little boys and they're about to have a third And I did buy them a car. That's sweet. And well Wait a Second. You know, and my, wait a second. Did you feel bad about it? Why Do you think that's crazy? No, I I, well I mean it buying a brand, I bought 'em a brand new car. And I wouldn't have necessarily done that, but I, I, I felt good. I did feel good about it. I don't feel good about spending it all myself, honestly.


I'm sorry. That's okay. Connie, you listen, You've been taking care of everyone else your whole life. That's right. Haven't you? Yeah. You always think of others. You're just a selfless person. Yeah. You're a sweet, sweet person. You paid cash for that new car, didn't you? Yes. Okay. Right. A jack court. There we go. We didn't go into debt. We didn't put ourselves in a, in backward financial position. No, you still have money Oh. my gosh, You're not broke. You are so set up for the future, Connie. It's unbelievably exciting coming out of this awful pain. But you No, And it's sad because I'm doing this by myself. I know. It's not how you pictured it. That's the Hardest part I know. No, It's Not. I know, I know.


And we, we, we feel for you on that. But the peace of mind is huge. So George on that. Yes. So on her specific question I wanna make sure, does she put that in a, a really good savings account if she wants Access to it?


If, if you are really like, I don't wanna put this in the market. We have friends over at Laurel Road. Yeah. They're an online bank. It's FDC insured and they've got 5.15% a p right now you can go to laurel road.com/george, that's L-A-U-R-E-L road.com/george and get an account going there and that's 5.15% and there's no, you know, gimmicks there no monthly maintenance fees. So you get to it, which is what you want to come, it's Liquid.


Yeah. So that'll do it for now. But I'm saying long term. Okay. You don't need the money. And So I would still consider investing it into the market Yeah. With a good mutual fund, index fund and let that thing grow for you at an even higher rate over time. Yeah. So, but again, none of this is on fire. Yeah. And So I, but I Like, I like some of that George for Connie taking some trips with her grand babies. Yeah. Do Something fun. What have you done for Connie? Yeah, Well we did, we actually did go to Chattanooga this last week. I, I mean, I work for a very large hotel corporation. And so con Where, where would you really like to go? Where would you literally like to go and you can't say any place in Tennessee.


Oh, no, no. Well, I don't, we stalk the state of Colorado for probably the last 30 years. We've probably been 40 or 50 times. Wow. We love the mountains. What was the retirement dream with your husband? Yeah. What was the thing you guys like, man, when we retire we're gonna do x Well We actually bought a 19 foot Geo Pro. It's more of a couple's camper and I'm actually in the process of selling it. Okay. Or going to sell it because I, I really can't see myself. I get it. Dream together. Don't I got an idea? Yeah. Connie, I have an idea. You can, I think you should go on a trip with some of your best girlfriends and, and And.


I. Somebody else told me that. Absolutely. That You shouldn do that. Should I do one trip, should I Dunno if I'll ever be ready to go back to Colorado, but No, no. Go somewhere else. No, this is like, this is like the Yaya sisterhood or the traveling pants or the fried green tomatoes or your best girlfriends and just go somewhere and have fun. You've been through a lot. You're still grieving and, and some girl time doing something you've never done before. You've got a lot of cash to be able to do a really fun trip and celebrate you, celebrate all that you have still and, and, and just do something fun for you. I just, I really think that's a good idea. And like our friend Dr. John Maloney says, you gotta grieve what was the picture of what you thought it was gonna look like.


And now we've gotta have a new picture of what's, what's the next 30 years gonna look like for Connie And I. Think that's gonna be, you know, sad but also exciting to start dreaming again and you're in such a great place financially. And so you guys, both of you created this legacy and that is something that no one can ever take away from you. Yeah. Something to be proud of. Connie, thank you so much for calling us and sharing your story with us. I know that was not easy and, and we're rooting for you and Sun is gonna keep showing up and you've got a bright future ahead for you as well. George Kamel. Thank you my friend. Thank you. Always fun to be with you. Thank you America for listening. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey folks. Dave Ramsey here. You know, budgeting doesn't have to be boring. You just need a budgeting app that's made with you in mind and that's EveryDollar. The EveryDollar app has helped millions of people work the baby steps and take the stress outta planning and managing their money. Start budgeting with EveryDollar for free right now. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash EveryDollar and download the app today. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash EveryDollar.